It hums, crackles, and I think I'm having problems with my equipment. As soon as I use any of my other cords then the problem is gone. Hosa makes some other products that have good value. But based on my experience I don't recommend this one. I have bought many cables and this one is the only one that gives me problems.
I'm a pro-cheapo and I hated this thing. They're noisy, and the cables feel really cheap, gummy-like. Drop few more bucks and get something else! Crap.
Received it in time, standard blister packaging but the cable stopped working after 45 days. Since I was out of 30 days return time, sent an email to the manufacturer but no response till today. DIED after 45 days of use.
These things are terrible. One wouldn't fit in my soundboard, another wouldn't lock in my mic. Plain and simple… if your looking for crap that doesn't work… buy this. Crap.
This is a cheap piece of junk that does what it says, it distorts, You want something to make your guitar sound like junk, this will do it. Why pedals that make your guitar sound like a piece of junk are the most popular is beyond me. This is not a boutique Distortion pedal like Hendrix would use. Boutique and distortion are an oxymoron. These things are built with heavy metal, it should last, I kinda hope it doesn't(just kidding), you want distortion, you got distortion It distorts.
Here's the deal with this pedal. It is inexpensive and you can get a better pedal with barely a bit more money and sometimes a little less money. In my opinion, for spending less than $100 for a distortion pedal, whether it is your first pedal or 700th pedal, a few more bucks will get you the MXR Badass distortion which has a much crisper tone to it. Beginners Beware.
These came stock on my Jackson Kelly KEXMG. All the other guitars I own have Schaller buttons on them and I have one main strap I use for all of the guitars. I figured since the guitar came with them I would try them out. Not twenty min later I was removing them and putting Schaller buttons in their place. Here the 3 major reasons I did not like them over Schaller:1- Bulky. They stick out too far and on any guitar with a strap button on the back it jabs you in the stomach or below! 2- Problems engaging. I would push them into the receiver and they pop back out. It wasn't until I forced them in while pushing the button that they went in a stayed in. Schallers click in and you know they are ready to go. 3- Cheap. They just feel cheap. Thin metal is used in comparison to the Schallers; which have a very heavy and solid feel to them. For a few bucks more I'll stick with Schaller's. I have been using them for 10+ years and have never seen one fail. Not as good as Schallers!
I purchased this after reading the great reviews but like a few of the comments that are on here lately this thing is not good. Looked almost used when it arrived and the gooseneck stand is useless. Does not come even close to being able to hold up the weight of the filter. I would have returned it but I completely destroyed the package getting it open (which oddly had staples holding it closed). Something Funky Going On.
wind screen is way too big its bulky and to me useless, the screen came out, was thinking of glueing it back in but went to ebay and bought 2 metal mesh pop filters cheaper that is MUCH better… avoid this!! Yuck.
I got this for my Boss Loop Station, but it doesn't work very well. I keep hoping I'll find something it DOES work well with… Got this for my Boss Loop Station.
Long story short, this string set has a strong metallic character, which distorts the natural sound of your guitar so much. Many people might like it, but for me, absolutely Noooooooo! I have a seagull guitar, so by its nature it sounds mellow, warm and mild with stock strings. So when my strings wear out, I got this. Now I feel like playing an EMG bridge on my fender/archtop's neck position, WITHOUT the power that an EMG pickup has to offer. Yes, it is that bad, you can't do this to guitars like Seagulls… Bottom line, I recommend this string set for people looking to boost distortion on their guitar. If you have guitars like seagulls or so, definitely avoid this string. I feel like playing an active EMG on my Fender guitar.
another item never received but i would not use anything over. 88 mm anyway was mean for experimentation i have learned since this purchase. to big.
This product is not what it seems. It has a cool name, but that's about it. It's a tool oil that stinks. I tried my best to get use to this product, but learned that there are much better ways after going into the studio and recording for the 1st time. After doing away with the Fast-Fret, my playing has improved and I hardly ever have to change my string because of gook. Not to mention that getting that crap on my fingers was just nasty. I now use Old English and my guitars thank me, my nose thanks me and my fingers thank me. You will too… Not For Serious Players.
It just randomly pops off my bass, it's so slick that when you let go it the neck just goes straight down. I hate it. I really do hate it.
Years ago I used the Clayton &#34;small teardrop&#34; picks. I couldn't tell from the picture, that these were full size, and I didn't check the size in the description. I still had a few of the small ones, so I used them as templates, to cut these down. I would have rated them higher, if I could have used them as is. It's my own fault for not looking at the specifications. I purchased two six packs of Clayton Teardrop picks, but found Dunlop 423R60 0. 60mm (Orange) Tortex Small Tear Drop Guitar Picks, 36-Pack which are a lot cheaper. I had been using 1. 5 mm picks, but needed teardrop picks, for shredding.
Total flimsy junk. It leans WAYYY too far back. I'll be damned if I put my $1000 guitars on these things. On the other hand, ChromaCast makes one that's very close to this price, and I doubt that it could have been more for the money I paid. In summary… DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK. Terrible. I wouldn't trust even a beater guitar on this stand. No way. Forget it.
… for something, but not a guitar. Wasn't sure what to do with it so I now use it to mount a large cookbook, or notepad computer, so I can follow a recipe. It seems to work okay for that. Just don't use this for guitars. An electric guitar will slide out and fall because it leans back too far, and the arms have no grip. This thing was obviously created by a monkey in some closed door creative testing experimental project. It may even give you AIDS! But probably not. However, animals could have been harmed in the making. But most likely, and in reality, it will not hold your guitar in a safe manner. Great Mount!
I bought a set as they were recommended to get the tone I was looking for on my 7 week old guitar. Installed as usual and tuned them. They sounded good when played open but compressing them was nearly impossible. My capo could not even hold them. I set the guitar aside for a few minutes and heard the wood creaking. When I looked the face of the guitar was bowing up and the bridge was pulling up and back as if they were trying to pry it off. I released the tension on all the strings as fast as I could and left it. I returned them and got some lighter ones but to no avail. The body is cracked around the bridge and it is useless now. Use at your own risk!!!!!!! I personally wouldn't give a nickel for them. destroyed my guitar.
This is an update to my original review because I have now fully tested two of these capos. I'm truly surprised by all the good reviews here. I'm not sure how it's possible. I've already outlined below in my original review that these are not Jim Dunlop capos. I had purchased two, which I have now given away to student players as I cannot use them. I tested the capos on a standard acoustic and also an electric guitar. The E string buzzes when the capo is applied and no amount of adjusting the capo would stop the buzz from occurring. Both capos had this very same problem. When I received these capos, I noticed right away that they were not the same excellent quality as actual Jim Dunlop capos. The craftsmanship was visibly lower quality and the materials used are a lesser quality than official Jim Dunlop capos. The rubber has a strong odor and there is no brand-name printed anywhere on the product. As a professional musician, I need to purchase reputable brand-name products because I can't afford to have my gear failing during performances. I have no idea about the future performance of these capos because they have no apparent brand, and no measurable reputation. When I contacted the seller, they were not honest with me. These Capos are not made by the Jim Dunlop company.
I know many people love the design, but I find it much too frustrating. You have to be very careful putting it on the fret correctly, then snap it in, then turn and turn the screw, oops don't let it snap off again and fall off while trying to turn the screw. Then you have to go through the whole routine again to take it off and move it to another fret and put it on again. What a farce. This is the worst capo I've owned, and I've tried nearly every brand and type. Yeah, I've had people show me how to do it right, and I know to do it right. It's just wrong to have to spend so much time slipping it on, snapping it, screwing it in, screwing it off, having it fall off, forget it, it's garbage to me. Also, while I'm getting my callouses worked out playing for two hours every day, the last thing I want is to pinch my fingers against metal trying to turn a screw. It's actually slightly painful to the fingers (momentarily, but why have to deal with that?? ) to work with. This design seems like it was a non guitar player who came up with it. The only good thing I can say about it is looks durable. No thanks. Worst capo I've ever used.
I bought this hoping to use as intended, angled into guitar & straight into mixer, wrong, have to use it the other way around… sad! 180 degrees out.
Only Lasted 2yr. I have a lot of cheaper cables that get more use/abuse than this one that have outlasted it. Very Disappointed!!!
Could not get to fit small sound hole. Once in sound hole pickup did not work at all. Would not buy it. Does not work.
I've used three pop filters in my experiences with home recording and podcasting. This one is the worst. The plastic screw (yes, plastic) that is meant to grip the pole that you attach the pop filter to, is completely incapable of supporting it's own weight at nearly any angle. Bad… just bad. Secondly, there is a metal piece that secures the flex arm to the clamp. It seemed loose after I got it out of the packaging and the flex arm would wobble and rotate in that spot causing a major problem when it came to proper placement. After twisting on it twice I stripped it out. Now the thing is worthless. I'm returning it ASAP. I would rather go to a lady's bag flea market sale with a crazy woman for a day than continue to put up with this thing. Do yourself a huge favor and buy the Nady 6" pop filter. If you don't, you'll wish you did. Avoid this one like your mother-in-law.
Its poorly made with attention to detail. I ordered them to fit on my dual mic clamp purchased here at Amazon. But they will not screw down all the way and are losse. It is useless!!! Other mic holders from different manufacturers work fine. Doesnt work on dual mic clamps. Useless.
Just assembly for a try, only few rolls with music, it's had some hole on head, that's mean bad quality. buyer beware for this kind of. terible cheap material product I saw.
CRAP these strings are bad do not buy them if you play any kind of harder music or do a lot of string bends unless you like having strings almost take out your eyes then by all means buy em errrrr i always buy Ernie balls but i got cheap and tryed to save a few buck and buy 2 3 packs of these hunks of crap for under 18 bucks i should have spent the extra 7 bucks and got the 6 pack of Ernies I didn't even get a week out of them and they were rusted and poppin off left and right… never again I got burned.
this piece of plastic is just terrible. you'd be better off with a couple of books and a towel. not recommended! waste of money.
Go build your own. Build it to your specs and have a solid stand. If not, you can find a lot better head stands. This one was a huge disappointment. Does not do what it says and can get you frustrated quick. Im back with my wood block and am happy. Build your own, seriously!
I might have done something wrong… I read in a review that these hold six picks. It held three real well but on the fourth insert the thing just fell apart… I'll just keep using my pockets. Must have done something wrong.
Man, this thing would not even hold my normal sized picks! DO NOT BUY - it is a wast of money… ug! Junk.
I use Clayton 1. 26mm picks, a heavy pick but certainly not oversized. My picks don't fit!!! If I shove them in, I can't get them out. Also, this thing is huge for the back of the neck. Sorry, but.
Dont last but a couple weeks.. terrible feed back as the ends near the plugs detirorate quickly. Will never buy again even if only 5 bucks Crap.
Second one I bought. Lousy build quality and only lasted 3 months. Went through two of these before I learned my lesson. Don't waste your money on this junk. I love Planet Waves stuff normally, but these are junk. Cheap piece of crap.
I got a couple of these… only buy this cable if there is NO CHANCE that it will be ever used in the real world… after only a month mine has developed a nasty short in the plug… and of course , since this cord is molded/sealed up tight , it can't be repaired… you could cut off the plug and solder a good 1/4 inch plug on it… but why bother.?… just save your headaches and money and buy a good heavy duty cord… this cord is too flimsy… its junk with a fancy molded plastic ergonomic looking plug housing… but inside its junk… thrown away money.!!!… buy a lottery scratch off instead,,, avoid avoid.
Well this cable certainly didn't last long as the title says 8 weeks. Bought a new Fender Mustang2 v2 amp a week and a half ago. Last night amp would turn on but wasn't putting out any sound from the guitar. Messed around a bit and it started to work. Today same thing and it's obvious nothing is going from guitar to amp. Thought I had a bad jack in my new amp and wasn't very happy. Got out the old amp and guess what nothing there either. At least my new amp is working and I only have to replace a $12 cord. Maybe I'm just unlucky and got a bad one and if I bought it at a local store I'd return it. Not going through the hassles of mailing it back or asking for a refund. Will just move on to another company's cord. After 8 weeks the cable quit working.
The cable died on me in less than a month. Very disappointed in built quality. Very disappointed in built quality.
I purchased 2 of these items to use with my band for the guitarists. I was disapointed when I mounted a Shure sm 58 mic on it and found that the goose neck would not stay erect. These are made far too loose and flexible for most professional mics. They may work on very small and light weight units but for my needs they are totally unuseable. It would have been helpful to include the suggested weight that this goose neck would support in the sales description. I wasted my money. Don't waste yours. Perhaps viagra would be helpful ;-) Far Too flexible for use with a professional microphone.
This arrived and when I tried to use it, it turned out that the male threads were some oddball metric size that does NOT fit any standard adapter. Instead, these theads stripped the fitting on my mike clip, so now I have to go somewhere else and buy a new gooseneck AND a clip. This is such a standard item, that there is no excuse for making it with non-standard threads, and NO excuse at all for advertising it as standard 5/8ths… This is NOT universal fit.
I have several MXR pedals. Every one is superb--except for this PHASE 90 (the non-"script" version reviewed here). This PHASE 90 is worthless for anyone who wants to use it while playing clean, for it adds a tsunami of irritating distortion, a swoosh of sonic dirt. I did some research and discovered that other people who also hate this pedal's distortion suggest some modifications. (Look up "MXR Phase 90 Mods," and "Erik's Corner" will show you how. ) I made the "R28," "C11," and "C12" modifications. The result: a slightly improved phaser, one that still churned out plenty of distortion. Finally, I tried adjusting the internal trim pot. On no setting could I get rid of… you guessed it: distortion. I spent literally hours in a futile and frustrating effort to make this pedal sound merely acceptable. No luck. BOTTOM LINE: IF YOU WANT A PHASER THAT DOESN'T ADD SIGNIFICANT DISTORTION, AVOID THIS INCARNATION OF THE PHASE 90. Adds lots of distortion; unworthy of the MXR name.
Okay, Color coding is a GREAT idea. Divas will not use the red ball windscreen. Why? Because, from a distance it looks like they have a clown nose. No kidding! I have had several tell this to me and my sound tech. So save your dough, buy any color but RED. Diva's!!!! What can I say? Color Coding Helps the sound engineer.
yes you can tweak it so its less, but cant even use it for recording with or without an amp so much hiss its unusable. massive amounts of hiss.
Do NOT use these to polish your guitar. It leaves tons of small fibers all over, and is hard to clean up. A total disaster. These are good for maybe wiping up dog poop, but not cleaning anything. Terrible! Leaves little fibers everywhere.
If you are looking for a 100% leather mandolin strap, consider another strap. The outside surface of the Planet Waves strap is leather but the inside surface is some kind of man-made material glued to the thin leather part. I will be ordering the Levys "Leather Mandolin Strap (Walnut)". Strap not 100% leather.
I bought this to replace a cord I was using to practice my guitar. My first cheap cord wasn't actually broken, but I didn't want any down time, so I had this just sitting there as a replacement. Fast forward some time, and I just wanted to try it out. Even though my cheap cord was still working fine, I really wanted to just try out the new cord. I really wish I had done that in the first 30 days. This cord did not work right at all. It seems like there is a short in it somewhere. I had to unplug/plug/ maneuver into place. Of course since it is for guitar, it falls almost immediately out of place again. So, I am back to the cheap cord that hasn't failed, unlike this brand new bad cable. Broke almost immediately?!
The small e-string and the g- string both broke on the ball end while tuning. I haven't broke a string while tuning in 20 years, never ever had one break on the ball end. Luckily I bought the three pack. But I can't recommend this product. Can't recommend this product.
I thought something was drastically wrong with my guitar but it was these strings, they buzzed and move so much they hit every metal on every fret. Junk.
Based upon some of the other reviews, I feel I got a different product, as it didn't fit the descriptions given by others. I ordered two of these, and both were very thin material, not sturdy at all. Second, both straps were not adjustable to 59&#34;. Both mine measured 45&#34; from strap button hole to strap button hole, fully-extended. They are useless to me, as my guitar, a dreadnought, covers the middle of my chest when I put it on. I believe I was given a substitute product, since when I ordered these straps, the price was just $1. 00, and now they're back up to $4. 95 as I write this. I'm really sick of these Amazon substitutions. For what I paid, I won't bother returning them… not worth the hassle. I will donate them to a local music teacher who has students with smaller guitars. Very disappointed. Warning… if you see a price drop below $4. 95, don't buy… it's probably not the product that's described here. Very, very disappointed.
I really wanted this to work, but it doesn't. Don't bother,it doesn't mute the strings at all. One star, just for it getting here on time. Glaesel Violin Mute.
I bought a Glaesel Bridge & this Glaesel rubber mute together. I bought this because it was cheap and had so many good reviews. The mute fits the bridge fine, but compared to a brass mute (which of course works VERY well) this mute seems to do absolutely nothing. There is almost no discernible difference in playing the violin with or without this mute on. Also, the mute can affect your playing so certain notes screech or stutter or produce other undesirable noises. If You want or need a mute for practicing quietly (as many of us do), I suggest you buy something else. This item does not work and is a total waste of money. I tried this mute on a regular acoustic violin as well as a new Electric Violin bought here on Amazon (FYI, that cheap little electric violin is an awesome & fun item! *Just make sure you buyThe Original Peg Drops by Ardsley& aGlaesel Self-Adjusting 4/4 Violin Bridge Mediumwith it! ). I consider this mute completely useless since it does not do anything at all. It does *not* mute or lower the volume of any violin in any noticeable way. Does Not Work as a Mute - if you need a practice mute, buy something else.
Pedal is not working, it just making noise. Poor quality control. Actually it looks like used pedal, not like new. Don't recommend this product. Pedal is not working.
I purchased this as an extra CV controller for a Digitech Control 2. When I got it, I tried it out as a volume pedal just for kicks and YES it does suck the tone right out of the signal. As far as a CV controler? it sucks at that too! Why? it squeaks as you move it (after 5 minutes use, right out of the box). Behringer is a joke and gives German engineering a bad name (although only 'conceived' in Germany). It's a direct copy of the Yamaha FC9 and so I am about to purchase one of those and see how it compares. I'm betting the extra 45 dollars will be well worth it. Also, you may say "who cares if it squeaks a little"? well I do when I am controlling volume swells or a 'wah' effect at low volume in the studio! Good luck if you buy it. Forget it unless you are flat broke.
Pretty disappointed in the color. As the review title indicates, what I received is more of a 'black chrome' or dingy stainless color. These are simply not going to work with the MOTS pickguard I purchased them for. Perhaps they would blend in better on a black, black pearl or tort pickguard. I ordered another package from another vendor and got the same result. Perhaps it is a large factory shipment that is 'bad'. Some are very dull looking. Very disappointing, really. Pretty dark color for chrome- maybe black chrome in the wrong package?
I can't believe these were actually sent to me. The heads are smaller than normal pickguard screws and the metal is blackened. They come from Taiwan but look like they were subcontracted to China. I am sending them back. There is no way I would use these. Any screw you get from Home Depot would work better and look more attractive. I am seeing nothing but product after product like this coming from Fender and it is a clear sign they are simply trying to maximize profits at any cost. The Slide Continues.
This pickguard was used. It not only was missing the protective plastic but it actually was scratched from being on a guitar before. I payed for a new pickguard but got a used one.
Bought this a while back just got around to installing it on my mexi strat. Doesn't fit perfect. Kinda bummed but oh well Was so so.
Need 2 volume knobs and 1 tone, so for the price (and in the past) I have always purchased 2 packs together with no issues, however recently I needed and ordered some and I found out of 4 sets, no consistency in quality… example the lettering is thinner on some than others within the same set and between sets of the same item#. Also some had bright white lettering and others did not (but where not vintage lettering either). Guess these are too cheap for Fender to have QC on. Will try other brands next time. Inconsistent sets probably no QC for these.
Unless you guys are receiving something I am not, how can you give this anything more than one star. My backplate is so thin and cut so close to the screws that you can actually see were the route begins on the back of my Fender stratocaster. This is inexcusable. All the other Fender backplates I have have enough lip to cover the route, but not this mint green one. I simply cannot understand what Fender is thinking. I am seeing nothing but product after product like this coming from Fender and it is a clear sign they are simply trying to maximize profits at any cost. The Slide of Fender continues.
these strings are great if you need practice changing your strings. these strings last 2 days and then they are dull and lifeless and need to be changed, the high e and the b string tend to break before they even get tuned to pitch, Ernie Ball strings are garbage, the only time I will buy these is if it's the only thing available, most people like these because they are endorsed by so many musicians that are paid to say that they like this garbage, and even if they do like them they are not your average players that need more than 2 days out of a set of strings, Touring musicians have the guitar tech change the strings after they play their set, and they get an unlimited amount of these crap strings so their guitars always sound fresh, you can spend 4$ for a set of Ernie Ball or D'Addario every 2 days or you can spend $7 for a set of DR strings and change them once a month, or you can spend 10$ for a set of Elixir Polywebs and change your strings once every 3 months, It doesn't make sense to use these crappy Ernie's unless you are sponsored by EB and have an endless supply and a tech to change them for you like the rockstars, Rusts in a matter of 2 days.
It is OK, but it does not compare to the ergo holder. Which you may find here:Dunlop Ergo Pickholder. The main problem with this pickholder is that it is very difficult to get your pick out, and it is extremely fragile. No Bueno.
I bought one of each Soft, Medium and Hard Wedgie rubber picks and even though the colours were right, the Hard is as soft as the Soft. They felt exactly the same in fact. The Medium was the hardest out of the bunch. Packaging error? I have no idea. The fact that each stiffness only comes in one colour and the colours were right lead me to think something is wrong with the manufacturing. So check with what you get. Sound wise, the rubber really removes the treble on my acoustic guitar, making it sound really dull and muted. There is a lot more friction from the rubber on the strings that I do not think it is idea for strumming. The only reason I can think of using is if you want to reduce the noise but frankly, you would have much more control if you used your fingers instead. Hard or Soft? They felt the same.
These picks do cut pick noise but with an acoustic guitar they wear very rapidly and leave a rubbery residue all over my guitar. I don't like the thought of what damage that stuff would do over time to the inside of my guitar with that stuff getting all over my pickups, etc. Big disappointment. I'm getting a lot of high string in my guitar sound and thought these picks might solve the problem. Back to the drawing board I go. Want rubber residue all over your guitar?
OK, it was cheap (nine bucks at the time), the design looked good and sensible, and it seemed a perfect solution to a real need. I bought it without hesitation. HOWEVER(! ), once hooked up, I was very surprised how flimsy it is. I have a 13" gooseneck, a light condenser mic and small shock-mount on it. At the slightest movement of the mic stand this attachment flaps up and down like crazy and will continue this way for a something like a minute if not stopped by hand. Obviously, any small bump into the stand will once again set this off. Using it at home, I've gotten away with not touching the stand while recording by being very careful, but obviously this unit is far from ideal. Since then, I've gotten another sidemount boom from this same brand, and though I haven't really put through its paces yet, this other unit is rock solid and far more adjustable and reliable, AND only costs a few bucks more (On Stage MSA9508 Posi-Lok Sidemount Boom). For anyone considering this product, I HIGHLY recommend bypassing this one and forking out just a few more bucks for the On Stage MSA9508 Posi-Lok Sidemount Boom. You will be far far happier. Cheers! Good Idea, Really Bad Execution - better unit for a few $'s more.
I'm another reviewer who has, upon personal inspection, discovered that the rear leg of the stand is too short to provide staedy support for any beloved guitar. I returned it. I've &#34;First Act&#34; brand stands similar in appearance but more intelligently constructed. Dangerous for loved guitars.
This arrived with one end of the security strap and metal part… Broken! OK… I bought it on sale and returning it would not be an option… it would cost as much to mail back as it did to buy it! Obviously it was not the packaging which was more than adequate and there were no broken off pieces in the box. Of course,I could not recommend this product to anyone… most disappointing purchase! Damaged Goods!
They only fit if you have enough room in your strap button, if not they will just pop right out. I threw mine away. Don't buy these.
I even called Dunlop to see if these lok strap systems would work for an electric acoustic. The guy at Dunlop told me "oh yes, they have been specifically designed to work with electric acoustic". That is NOT the case. I purchased multiple units, and it will cost me more to return to Amazon than it's worth. But basically I know have hunks of plastic that I could use to make a sculpture! Because of the bottom pin being the plug in for electric pick up, the thickness causes a problem and this plastic do hickey will not fit. If anyone out there has a solution for securing the strap, please reply to this feedback. What really frosts me is that I called Dunlop and apparently their customer service folks don't know their products well enough to be recommending product. It's called, TRAIN your people!!! Does NOT work for acoustic electric guitars.
Hard to believe this was so bad. I have a Planet Waves locking guitar strap, which is a dream, and thought this would allow me to lock a regular strap. However, it is so thick that it can't really fit on a regular guitar strap pin with a strap, and when I tried to lock it, the two pieces came apart. Go with the Planet Waves Lock Straps. Fell apart!
I bought this because--hey, a wireless mic for $13? Why not? I *might* be able to use this in a public address system--the connections all work, and it makes sounds, but the static is unbearable no matter how much I fiddle with different, the adjustment screw in the receiver… nothing works. The audio is always clipped. Don't even think of using this for music. Overwhelming static and distortion.
Arrive, in trashed packing, but the worst was that it sounded like a piece of chalk on a blackboard… certainly NOT professional quality or any quality that I would give it. No good.
Our family of 2 guitarists and 1 bassist switched to these style locks about a year ago. Every one of us has had continual problems with the locks periodically unscrewing themselves from the guitar body. I had one back out during a gig and damage a brand new 60th Anniversary American P-Bass… not good. My son had one come out on him in the middle of a gig last weekend. The problem with the design is there's a ton of friction between the top and bottom pieces of the lock which results in the tab that's screwed into the body unscrewing itself. We've tried applying bar soap, petro jelly, and a spray can based dry lubricant… none of which prevented the ultimate forces that cause this phenomenon. We are switching to the Dunlop style locks as that design incorporates ball bearings which allows the strap to rotate freely back and forth with next to zero 'unscrewing' force. We tried to make the Shallers work but just could not. Maybe we're all too active on stage but we cannot tolerate the equipment damage nor the performance distruptions these have caused us. Horrible Design - Friction backs out mounting screws.
Cheap crappy strap. It's too stiff, not comfortable at all. I regret purchasing this… Save your money, go hunt for a Coach strap or something similar. They are expensive but worth it. Cheap strap, no good. very uncomfortable.
I've two of these stands. On one of them, the base part of the tubing has lost its tack weld. If you carefully separate the pie slice shaped black foam from the base of the stand, you'll see that the base of the tubing is welded there. Mine lost its weld, so the tubing is not secure to the grey base - they separate - I was left holding the tubing while the grey base fell to the floor! UPDATE: 1/9/12 GLEN INGLES REFUSES TO REPLACE OR REPAIR THE STAND. BEWARE! … and you should be aware that the stand is assembled in… wait for it… China. That may explain why it failed, but Glen Ingles could have offered to replace it. I guess he doesn't want me to buy any more of his products, or refer others to his products. Well, that's his policy. That's okay, he's got competition, and I'll be purchasing from them instead. BEWARE! Chinese stand FELL APART! - Ingles says I'm SOL.
My problem is that I am used to playing Hohner Golden Melody and Special 20 harps. I guess I should have paid attention to the other 1 and 2 star ratings. These harps have no volume. Don't waste your money on them. I guess the only thing worth having is the case, but the case has no handles or carry strap. 5/25/14 - I said the case had no handle, well I take that back. There is a little strap inside that prevents the case from opening flat. I was able to fold that little strap outwards and then zip the two zippers up to it. With one finger I can carry the case with my quality harps inside. Just terrible.
Disappointing; was looking for to receiving these. But; mostly they are unplayable. Leak air badly. Easier learning bagpipes than these things. Save your money and get some harps that actually work. Decent case though. Useless.
Crikey, where to begin. Firstly, I hated the fact that they package two strings to a paper packet. Secondly, they mismarked one of the packets, so it appeared I had two &#34;D&#34; strings, instead of two &#34;E&#34; strings. Lastly, and certainly the least favorably, once tuned up, the strings sounded terrible! They were tinny and clangy sounding. I've never heard worse strings. Fortunately, I had bought a package of Ernie Ball Earthwood med. light, as well. I replaced the godawful Martins with the Ernie Ball's and they were far, far better! Shame on Martin for such a piss poor product. I'll never buy their strings again. Horrible, Awful, Nasty, Spiteful Strings!
I am very disappointed. The guitar was packed with its strings tensioned and the top detachment partially from the guitar body. It is unusable until repaired. Update: It has been several days after writing and attach photographs to the seller (Amazon), and have not received any communication. Very disappointed with the seller (Amazon. com LLC).
I wanted to like this. I really did. The idea of an amp this portable and cheap just made me think, &#34;Perfect&#34;. However, the unit I received was cr@p, and I'm going to assume it was defective and not blanket all the positive reviews with dispersions. The one I got kept cutting in and out. You might be playing a solo line and you might hear about 75% of the notes or something. And when holding a chord, the sustained sound would cut out after a few seconds. Frustrating. I did weigh whether or not to try a replacement unit. The so-so sound and overall quality however didn't compel me to give it another go. Bummer. Any suggestions for an amp of similar size and portability? Cheers Bummer.
It doesn't seem to work. I think maybe mine was damaged or something because it doesn't seem to absorb any water. I don't get it.
The sheets seem to work fine to polish the frets but the template is cut from the cardboard box which obviously isn't going to last long. Also, trying to hold the cardboard on the neck is a pain and my finger is killing. I'm going to go buy a fret eraser and be done with it. Not a fan.
This thing is useless. Good idea, but way too light/rickety to be useful. Unless you're constantly aware of it, 99% of the time you'll end up just kicking it over when you go to put your foot on it. Pass on this. Pass on this - too light, tips over constantly.
I've had it for about a month now and it hasn't fallen apart so I guess that's a plus, but the main issue with this rackmount is that whatever automated machine they used to drill the screw holes is definitely defective, as a large majority of the holes are slightly deformed and will not take in the provided screws and are therefore USELESS. Thanks to this problem I am only able to use TWO slots out of TWELVE. It's definitely very frustrating and although the price is tempting, stay away from this. Not a good product, flawed production.
It's really not a 200w system. The booklet even says it is only 100 watts, and I doubt it is really even that powerful. The wireless microphone only works when you put your mouth about an inch from it. My Shure XLR wired microphones do not work with it even with an adapter plug. The instrument input works OK with my Taylor guitar, but it's not 100 watts loud. I guess it's OK as a portable guitar amp in a small venue without any vocals. It's really not a 200w system. The booklet even.
I have had this tuner for about half a year and frankly, I have had enough. The main problem with this tuner is the usability. The tuner has a poor display, is extremely finicky and it does not display the octave of the key. Tuning with it can be condensed into one word - frustrating. The needle is very finicky and jumps all over when ever I pick the strings, especially so when the guitar is much out of tune. The poor display is dark, with no build-in light, and has poor visibility at angles too. Combine all that you have a terrible, accurate tuner. Yes, it is accurate but only as accurate as what the graph can display, which is +/-2 cents. Enough said, I bought a new tuner, the Seiko SAT800, for a bit more money that this. The main differences between SAT800 and the CA-40:SAT800 has a build-in light, CA-40 does not. CA-40 has a build-in stand at the back to prop it up to a 45deg angle, SAT800 does not. SAT800 has a auto and manual mode, CA-40 has auto. SAT800 displays the octave of the note, e. g. 1E, 2E, etc, CA-40 displays only displays the alphabet, E for all oactaves. SAT800 has a numerical display for the cents off, CA-40 does not. The needle graph on the Seiko is much more stable and it is just way more usable overall. I wholly recommend you do not purchase this tuner. I was fooled into buying it by the other reviewers on Amazon and I hope you would not be. I cannot recommend this tuner.
This tuner works fine for the flute and clarinet however for things that use the input jack it doesn't really work. As soon as I insert any cord into the jack it automaticly goes to a very low B flat and stays there… Even if the guitar and bass are not on the other end. At first I thought it was my cord however after four cords doing this, I also tried other tuners with the same cords and they worked fine. So again works good on the sound input but poorly with cord input. Input jack bad.
I've been very disappointed with this tuner. When I've used it the needle keeps jumping all the way to the right(sharp) then back to the left(flat). I have two(2) other tuners I bought from Wal-Mart and I always get accurate tunings from them. I bought this KORG because it's a brand name and the Company has an outstanding reputation. Even though my tow(2) Wal-Mart tuners are older, they both still work better than this KORG. Disappointment.
There are better tuners out there. Far better. This could be good, but it seems to me that all Korg products seem to think of Standard tuning as the only tuning out there, and they don't even tune it well to Standard (especially when tuning the G string)! I personally play exclusively in Standard for my electric playing, but sometimes I want to fiddle around with open-tunings on an acoustic. This piece-of-junk makes it incredibly difficult to tune to any tuning using "F" or "C" notes. I have no clue as to why that is, pretty stupid if you ask me, especially once you consider that majority of this generations guitarists are metal heads playing in drop c tuning or acoustic d-bags (I say that with love) that play in open tunings. Trust me, your money is best spent elsewhere. Yak.
This would have been a nice slide if I could get it on my finger. I'm borderline skinny and it still won't fit. Save your money unless your under 10 years old. Too small for my finger.
Lets face it, in general string winders are pretty much all the same right? WRONG! I went with this one because I trusted the Dunlop name. What a let down. on the second guitar I used it on the handle and the head separated, sure you can press it back together, but after separating several times on every string, it gets a little old… quick. Already ordered a different one to replace it. One thing I cant stand is inferior tools. Cheep, fell apart the 2nd use.
Ok its cheap. You knew that when you bought it. I really thought it was going to be more then one since it said assorted and showed a few in the picture. It was only one and it was red. Broke with first use. Cheap cheap.
This strap is uncomfortable and too flimsy to feel good, also doesn't fit an instrument where there's no place to hook it. I returned mine, as it just didn't fit well for my uke or mandolin. Didn't like this particular strap.
Sorry Fender… this one is just a waste of money. Get something better that doesn't twist up an ravel into knots. No, not this one.
This pedal, in short, sucks. There's no point to having an A/B pedal if it adds a huge amount of hiss to your sound. Behringer needs to go back to the drawing board with this. Hiiiiiiisssssssssssssssssss.
It's a decent unit, but stopped working completely after about 6 months. Tried everything I could, but it's gone. I would not recommend this pedal. Stopped working after about 6 months.
Behringer pedals are really cheaply made and the feel amazingly light, cheap and unable to take the riggors of gigging. I just didn't want to spend $100 on the Boss version, but you get what you pay for! Another thing that I hate is it's really hard to change the battery, unlike the Boss pedals. save your money and steer clear of this one. I also bought a Behringer power amp for $200 that lasted a few gigs befor it crapped out. review of Behringer EQ 700 pedal.
Bought this because of all the great reviews, ButThis doesn't work, just like the last Beringer product I bought. Will I ever learn? Very disappointing. UPDATE- Now working; got my mate an Aussie genius to have a look. Found pedal wasn't engaging when pushed down. Took plastic cover off and pressed black button with his pinky and light came on; sheer genius. Worked fine with cover off; then replaced cover with new bit of rubber. And it still works. Amazing sound actuallyStill not sold on Berhinger though Doesn't work.
Ok I understand it now - I use Abelton Live 8 and thought this would be and easy, read cheap, interface to record some instruments with. WRONG! I am returning it. It does not work, has no drivers and is not detected on my Mac (my Mac finds everything). Bought the Focusrite unit instead. Got it to work on garage band but latency was miserable and so was hiss on recordings. Save your money and time. Buy the Focusrite interface or one of the others. Yes over $100 but you either want feedback, hiss and frustration or you want a smooth interface connection with good resonance. It also lacks 1/4 plug, one rca input, you need an addapter. Not what I thought I was getting - dumb me. Does not work.
Not very bright. Not very flexible. Too big. Clunky. I really don't like it. I wish I had went in a different direction. Bummer.
They say 2-4 months, I've never come close to even a month. Usually 3 weeks and they are toast in a guitar case not opened more than twice in that 3 weeks. If it sounds too good to be true, it usually is. I don't recommend these. Total bust.
I bought this pedal new, hoping to get an electric solid body guitar to sound somewhat like an acoustic guitar on stage. I knew going in that it would not sound like a Martin D-28, but I thought it would be good enough to play a couple of acoustic parts without having to switch guitars. Imagine my profound disappointment. Really, Boss??? This is by far the worst pedal I have ever used of yours. This thing has a terrible hiss when you turn the "Top" control higher than about 9 o'clock. At first I thought I must have a defective unit, but then I started reading reviews on-line. Seems like it is part of the design. It's too bad because one can hear some promise in the faux acoustic tones, hidden beneath a wall of fizz. Totally unusable, as far as I'm concerned. By the way, I tested it direct to a PA as well as into a guitar amp with a single coil guitar (strat). The engineers at Boss should be ashamed of themselves.
I bought this pedal as a companion to my Roland AC-33 Acoustic Amp. The pedal on its face looks like a good piece of equipment and feels quite sturdy. However you do have to use a 9 volt batter to make it operate. This is totally unnecessary for a foot-switch. The worst part is the leads on the battery connector (9 volt) were not properly soldered or had shorted out. The only way I could get it to function was to let the 9volt battery dangle just right and connection would be made. For the rather high asking price and the limited function that is needed (i. e. all that has to work are two switches and a battery) you would think that Boss would put out a better product. I also found that the battery cover was extremely cheap and was difficult to close, leading me to believe that the durability of the cover was in question. I would HIGHLY recommend that you look to another maker for a switch or consider constructing one yourself with readily available parts that can be purchased on this site. Absolute Junk.
Sadly, I can't review the mic itself nor the cable that comes with the mic as they were both non-responsive. I tried the mic with other cables I have lying around that I know work, and I got nothing; it was like the mic wasn't plugged in at all. And the cable included in this pack, well, the plastic (not metal) connector to the mic was cracked. I still tried it with a difference mic… static. I can't blame Amazon for the broken bits as the whole thing was packed well and the box did not appear damaged. The stand that comes with this set up seems really good for the price of the whole package. I was impressed at how much of is *isn't* plastic. Still… I can't recommend this product. Dead on Arrival.
DOA… no good, out of the box,plug it, nothing… no way to send it back (I`m not from the States)… meaning… I just wasted away $40 something bucks (add shipping)… I did bought a Behringer pedal before (Tremolo/Pan) with good results, but I guess there`s two sides to this particular low economy pedals… Well, I`ll man up and buy something else… Busted!!!
It sounds very artificial, I remember first getting this pedal and really loving the sound and kick it had, now that I use it with a better amp, it sounds very processed and artificial in sound that it's not even worth the price I payed for it before. I also had bought another one to replace the first one because the input section jack got messed up in the amp that it didn't want to lock with my guitar cable and when I took it apart, there was no way for me to fix it other than sending it to be replaced. Shitty pedal. now that I use it with a better amp, it sounds very processed and artificial in.
ok when i saw the bag i was impressed nice looking and perfect style so i decided to buy it but the bag just arrive home "12/23/11" and is way different from the one on the picture is a black bag with one ugly red line on the middle and it looks like is not going to protect my guitar i am really upset, i would not returned because i don't feel like fighting with no body but they shouldn't do that to the costumer we pay how much they asking so a least we should get what we pay for. hate it.
It was Not what I wanted. When A Person has a low Income We can Not afford what We can Not use. I was looking for what Is called Shimmer most Reverbs do Not have Shimmer as the RV600 Because Digitech called Shimmer, String Swell and Volume Swell Is linked to the Violin Sound It cost Me 30. 00 Its called Slow Motion for a reason because It has to be played slow to hear the effect the only way to hear It Is with Over Drive being played on the high Strings. It might be good for playing with a Bow, I have No Idea because I can Not afford a Bow. Cost Too Much.
I just got this and I've noticed that it when I activate the pedal it sucks almost all of the bottom end out of my tone… I have a crybaby that doesn't have the range the 847 does but its 10x's more transparent. There may be other factors at play here as it is new, but the lesson is: try it before you just buy it to make sure it works for you. tone issues.
garbage if you like it… then buy it. this is NOT how the world of music sounds. TOO MUCH BASS and other garbage… are you guys really HEARING anything? world has gone bass crazy since about 1981… more and more.. we lost analog, we lost quality thanks tocompression and mp3, and now to put morecrap into our ears, they give you ONEfrequency… bass ONLY , take it or leave it. will go find REal headphones, thanks. kb almost zero stars.. BASS CRAZY WORLD.
If you want to use this to power up a Tascam DR series digital recorder, I have a less expensive solution for you: if you own a usb wall charger (like a cell phone charger), you can use that to power your device through its usb port. That's a lot cheaper than spending twenty-something dollars on an additional wall wart! Save your money! A cheaper alternative.
I purchased this after reading many favorable reviews online and it seemed like a good unit for the price. After trying to use it I promptly returned it. I do sound for concerts and wanted a recorder to connect to the sound board to record shows. I have used a minidisc recorder to do this but wanted something that would easily inferface with my computer. I tried recording on the H2 using it's line in jack and recording from a line out or tape out my Mackie sound board or my stereo receiver. No matter how I set the levels the recording on the H2 was very distorted. I played with the record levels and the AGC and limiter functions and tried recording from several different audio sources and always got a very distorted signal. I have used my minidisc for the same application for many years and have never had a problem and have always got very clean, good quality sound. The problem with my H2 was that the gain on the mic and line inputs appear to be the same and are meant for a mic level signal, which caused any line level signal to overdrive the preamp. Recording from the internal mics seems to work fine. I have worked with professional sound equipment for over 25 years and the Zoom recorders are the only brand where I have found this problem. The H2 has a nice menu set up and the instructions are very easy to follow but if you want good line level recordings, look for something else. I exchanged this model for an H4n and it had the same problem recording a line level signal, but not as bad as the H2. I finally ended up getting the Tascam DR-07 which I am very happy with. It has a few less bells and whistles but appears to overall be a better quality recorder. Poor quality recorder.
the cables are great for the price cant go wrong I have not used them for a long time but so far no problems i ordered 6 more cables. don't buy this cables they keep failing, cheap material with WHAT I SPENT ON THEM YOU COULD BUY A COUPLE DECENT ONES best deal cheap cables.
Be careful; I have a small recording studio, so we put our cables through a lot, and these guys just don't last. They were fine for the first few months, but then they started to die like a murder mystery. Seriously, one after another they would just go, for no apparent reason. Fine one second, and then it would just go horribly staticky. I actually had two blow at one time, and thought my PA was shot. Thankfully, it was just these cables. NOT GOOD. Spend a little extra on another brand. These have been my favorite:GLS Audio 25ft Cable Cords Ordered three of these, EVERY SINGLE ONE broke within the first year.
i got this despite the warnings about it being too short for some people. The strap is about 6" too short for my Seagull S6 guitar. I will say the build quality is great but too short, is and remains, too short. I will keep this item and take it to a shoe shop or saddle repair place and have and extendo put into the strap. I just can't understand how they can sell this a a guitar strap when it is clearly too short. 2/22/2013 I fired off an email to LEVY and the long and "short" of all this is you will have to fork over another $30 to buy an extendo for this strap. I don't quite understand why they don't make the strap long enough to start with other than the fact they can extract another $30 to make it work right in the first place. here's a link to the extendo optionLEVY'S LEATHERS MMGXL-2. 5-BRN STRAP EXTENDER http://www. amazon. com/LEVYS-LEATHERS-MMGXL-2-5-BRN-STRAP-EXTENDER/dp/B00BH5N91E/ref=sr_1_2? ie=UTF8&qid;=1361565768&sr;=8-2&keywords;=MMGXL-2. 5 the irony here is I managed to buy the last one for the immediate future. This is just another case of caveat emptor for all buyers to consider. I got the extendo strap and it does not match the original so now I have this cobbled up looking guitar strap. It's sort of like wearing a suede shoe on one foot and a polished leather shoe on the other. I will keep this strap but sure feel like I've been had on this purchase… the terms bait and switch come to my mind. Way too short for a dreadnought guitar DO NOT BUY THIS STRAP!
I have no idea what happened or if anyone else had this problem, but I got literally 8 plug-ins, and not the part where you can plug in an existing cable to make this into a chain. It's like I got an extension cord and male outlets on both ends. Soooo it's pretty much useless to me. I guess if you get one of those power blocks with 9v outlets on them, I guess you could plug this into it but I really see no point. I would've shipped it back I lost the packaging and just wrote it off as loss. I think I payed like $8 for it so whatever. I would recommend going to an actual music store so you can physically see both the male ends and the female end. Item was NOT like it was described. Be careful!!
I ordered this plug because it is advertised as a &#34;1 Spot&#34; brand plug. It is not what I received. Instead I received a generic plug for eight 9v connections that would definitely fit the purpose, but a really cheap version. The plugs on this generic version are larger than the 1 Spot and the wires are kind of stiff plastic. The original 1 Spot plug has much smaller plugs, great for saving space on a pedal board, and the wires are soft and &#34;rubbery&#34;, again making it easier to work with on a pedal board, specially if you're working with a pedal board like Pedaltrain where you can intertwine wires in and out between bars. I informed the seller about the issue and was told it was a mistake and that they would send me the correct one. In my email to them I included an image of the original packaging of the 1 Spot 8 Plug to make sure there would be no mistake, but to my amazement they sent me another compatible plug. I emailed them again for a refund, which they promptly did. I can say, that they did respond quickly and they refunded my money. I imagine that those who order this plug without ever having worked with an original 1 Spot plug, wouldn't know the difference because although it is a really cheap version it does have eight 9v connectors. I strongly recommend, spend the extra two or three dollars and get the original 1 Spot 8 Plug. This is not a 1 Spot brand 8 plug.
the cable hisses, crackles and pops right out of the package. save your money and buy a better cable. i will buy cables locally from now on so i can easily return them if they are defective. i would definitely not buy this product again or recommend it to anyone else. junk.
As I've heard with the Pyle Pro amps, I received mine today, and it was defective. Only one channel worked, and it definitely looked like it took a beating before it arrived at my doorstep. The packaging was very good though, so I'm thinking this looks like a refurb/used, and they listed it as new. Already printed the return shipping label, and it will head back to the Amazon warehouse on Monday… Defective.
This cover does not fit a full size acoustic/electric Hohner guitar. I measured the whole at 3 7/8&#34;, but this cover does not even come close to fitting! It measures 4 1/6&#34; in diameter, so check your guitar closely! Doesn't fit.
Doesn't reduce sound worth a darn. I thought plugging the sound hole would muffle things. Muddies it up a bit maybe, but not really a reduction in dB. Doesn't work for sound reduction.
These speakers worked great for 14 months. Last week (4/8/13), one of them wouldn't power up all the way. The problem is getting worse every time I try to use them, and it's just a matter of time before it stops working. It seems there is a problem with the capacitors that I did read about in a few reviews. I took a chance on the monitors anyway, and it was a huge mistake. I only use them between 2 and 4 hours per week. I contacted M-Audio's online support system and was given addresses to two electronics repair shops. One on the East coast and one on be west coast. I've since found many complaints about this same issue all over the Internet and on the M-Audio support site. M-Audio doesn't stand behind their products, and I'll never purchase anything from them again. Worked great for 14 months.
Sound nice, but very unreliable BX5a Deluxe. I own a pair of YAMAHA NS 10s and EVENT 20-20s, and they are all currently working without problems with over 10 years use. 2 years ago I purchased a set of regular BX5a's, and they lasted about 1 1/2 years, and then the faulty capacitors leaked. I just replaced them with the BX5a Deluxe model, and after only one week. one of the Internal amps will no longer power up. I need a pair of affordable AV shielded monitors that I can depend on, and these Cheap M-Audio Monitors are not it. I am back to using my 20-20's with slight AV noise until I find a decent AV shielded monitor. M-Audio was a much better company before Avid took them over! Sound nice, but very unreliable BX5a Deluxe.
In an attempt to see what's new in the pick industry, I decided to dive in and give these a go. They are way too flimsy if, like me, you use a heavier pick. I have always used Dunlop Tortex greens and these Davas just can't compete. Not only were they too flimsy, but when I played with any aggression (heavy rock-based material), the picks would fly out of my hands. This was a huge disappointment. Too flimsy.
Unhappy with it, actually I already replaced them. The method of attachment is poorly designed, it doesn't matter how tight you screw the two sections of the lock with the catch balls, the thread slips and my guitar almost fell down to the ground in a couple of occasions. Expensive locks too. Method of attachment is poorly designed.
I had some issues with my 18-watt all tube amp so I experimented and replaced all the tubes. Issues not only continued but worsened. Hum, noise, volume fade, unwanted distortion at low volumes. I eventually put back the original El84s and that didn't help. Once I removed the Tung-Sol 12AX7 preamp tubes and replaced, the hum stopped, sound quality of the amp was consistent, quiet and back to par. My experience with the Tung-Sol tubes was very, very negative. They caused me to go out and buy another amp. I had no idea that brand new tubes could sound so badly that fast. I'll never buy this brand again. Very Unhappy with the performance and quality.
Don't buy this Chinese piece of crap if you really need a three guitar stand. It is barely workable for two. It is easy to set up, but the way the neck brackets are arranged you are only going to get two guitars comfortably on it and even then guitars can still slip off the stand even when you tighten the little rubber thingies on top to hold the neck in place. And you absolutely have to keep that tight or your guitar will at some point turn sideways and fall to the floor/ground. The best thing these stands are built for are V Type guitars such as my Jackson Rhoads as long as you can put them back to back. For Les Paul and Strat type axes, their rounded lower bout curvatures make them prone to slipping on the narrow, stick like feet of the stand, especially when they are new. You can't tilt the feet up to try to lend more stability to the way the guitars hang because the feet won't support enough weight to make that possible. So this thing utterly fails in its designation as a three guitar stand. If you just gotta buy something from On Stage, get the double hang because there is more separation between instruments and so it ends up being better balanced. But really, you should just pass entirely on either the triple hang or the double hang. This is definitely a case of one gets what one pays for. A Complete Joke.
This is a fantastic product that is well made. The plastic is heavy duty and comes with a plastic cover that must be removed before use. This ensures that the wheel you get is in perfect condition. The tool is extremely useful. I have just started playing with a band, and it is very common for band members to call out a song and the key that it is in. With the wheel, I immediately know what chords to choose from. I also know what notes are in each chord. In addition, it has a note by note image of the entire fretboard so that you can see where the roots are for the scale you are playing. The wheel is also invaluable for switching keys. For example, say you're playing the I, IV, and V chords in the key of C. , but your lead singer is having trouble and would rather sing it in Bb. All you need to do is dial the wheel to Bb, find out the new I, IV, and V chords, and start playing. The wheel makes chord transposition a breeze. I feel that the negative reviews you are seeing are unfair. This is a very useful product at a fair price. No, I am not affiliated with the company at all. I'm just a band member newbie who appreciates this tool. In my opinion, this is a five star product. Counter to These Negative Reviews.
This capo isn't quite wide enough for my regular steel string acoustic guitar. If I position it just so it will work as long as I don't bump it or a string will pop out of one side. Not Wide Enough.
I bought one of these for a vintage Fender Showman that doesn't have built in reverb. Put a battery in and plugged it in. Very simple. But the sound was horrible! No setting delivered an effect that sounded anything like any kind of reverb I ever heard or would want to hear. The closest I could get was a cheesy delay or echo effect that sounded awful. On the other hand, the reverb from my Korg AX-100G (that I was using on another rig) was great. Maybe my DR600 was not functioning properly, but I don't think so. I think that's the way it really sounds. So I got a return authorization from Amazon (very easy - never fails), put it back in the box and UPS picked it up the next day and I got a full refund. JM Tepper Sounds awful - you get what you pay for.
Often, we get what we pay for. After researching various pieces of sound equipment for weeks and weeks, I chose solid items for reasonable prices. I should've known better to skimp on what is a critical piece of the puzzle - the quality of the cable. This item simply didn't ever work - it arrived with a bent pen on one end, and even when we attempted to straighten it, it didn't connect well onto the mixer board. The microphone end was a VERY shaky connection with the most intermittent power conveyed to the mic. Don't buy this item - spend the relatively small extra amount and get a more reliable brand. Very poor quality, pins were bent.
If you're a metalhead, STAY AWAY!! I tried this on multiple metal pedals and the peavey Rogue G10 blows it out of the water. This thing sounds like CRAP with anything distortion. It's GREAT for jazzy blues and an ultra clean tone though or that classic fender crunch. But if you demand metal, get far away! CRAP.
I tried with with my Macbook Pro with both Mountain Lion and Mavericks. Also with my Win7 x64 machine. I tried it with a variety of MIDI capable gear including trying to update firmware on FX hardware, sending and receiving MIDI PC and MIDI CC, as well as transmitting MIDI Clock in and out. I simply couldn't get this to work most of the time. Active Sense used on most Roland products seems to kill it completely. In contrast I purchased the -MU's Xmidi 1x1 Tab and it works flawlessly and without issue every time I use it. I should have totally returned this product. Instead it's in a landfill. I should've returned this.
Doesn't wotk with V-Amp 3. Doubt it works at all. Red light always stays on and I've never seen the green light. Doesn't work.
They have no grip at all they brake and ware out in a hour or so of hard playing there just junk for newbie that don`t know any beter but hey what do you expect they are made by D Addario get some real picks like Dunlop Tortex junk.
I have a real problem with these patch cables. I got them as a christmas gift but they don't stay in my pedals' input jacks without causing problems and having to push them in on occasion. Most problematic is the connection between my EHX memory boy and digital memory man… never had problems with any other cables here, but these refuse to stay put without having to constantly adjust. Don't stay in my pedals.
I thought it was my jack for a while, then I noticed it wouldn't stay in any pedal. There is no "click" assuring that the cable is in place… and there's a reason for that, it isn't! Slips right out of every pedal I have. Not reliable. Plug slips right out of any jack.
Bought it after read reviews. I had signal loss using these cables.. it's like having a loose connection inside the cable. My connections were on and off, I thought I had a dead pedal.. I have to wiggle and hold to get signal. It's too flexible almost like Twizzlers (no kidding! ). If you want a cheap and reliable pedal cables, go get the one from Pro Co, I bought it very cheap from Sweetwater on Ebay, surprisingly very good quality and looks durable! Crackling & cutted out signals.
The Boss ME-70 is not as nice as the BOSS GT-10 and will not let you install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg. I recommend getting a BOSS GT-10 and then install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg. Now your guitar can sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound with BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg. Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg. Not As Good As BOSS GT-10.
As soon as I attached my mic, and with my strong hands, I over twisted the mic holder on the threads, and the thread piece came loose on the stand. I think I can fix it with some liquid metal, but this is not as impressive as some mic stands I've had in the past. Sincerely, DocAfter a few months of trying to make it work. It doesn't. I changed my rating from 3 to 1 This puppy is just poor quality. Not the toughest.
I have three mic stands, with this one being the fourth. I STILL have three mic stands because this one was absolutely horrible. 1. The top mount would rarely stay fixed and kept dipping down. 2. The bottom clamp never did secure properly. It kept opening up even without a mic on it. The weight of the stand itself stripped it. I sent it back without hesitation. Awful.
I used to buy a lot of wire form these guys… However, you need to be careful and test everything you get from them on an XLR cable tester. I didn't believe it myself… I read another reviewer had an issue with XLR cables being wired incorrectly from pin to pin. So I took my handy cable tester and went through about a dozen cables. I got through only 4 monoprice cables before I found one that was miss-wired. Now I will be checking all of them for sure. Not a good start though. Glad the other reviewer made that discovery and passed it on. I suggest everyone check their monorpice cables. The testers are very cheap and may show problems you weren't aware of. be carefull with these.
The coversion cable didnt work. t is axlr to UBS cable. I have the red blinking light syndrome also. But I learned awhile back dont try to fix something you paid for Send it back. So izm Thanks HDE for wasting my time. Go sell your snake oil to someone else… I hate it.
These types of pedals are toys. They are a cheap way for a beginner to have effects to play with. By all means if you are buying it for your kid who just started playing. If not, i recommend slowly building your pedal collection and use the money to get 1 decent pedal whether it is a delay, or distortion. A Toy.
I had a friend with one of these and he loves it. I got one on his recommendation and when I put the batteries in it, it started smoking. It did work for awhile. I pulled the batteries out and tried to AC adapter and it smoked again, this time it did not work. I am one of those people who gives an item one try and if it does not work, holds a grudge. I would not advise anybody to get this. Oh god.
A loud hum will crescendo in every few minutes even if the ground is lifted. Works great in intervals though, too bad those intervals are minutes. Loud hum no matter what.
It stopped working after 2 gigs. I'm not sure why, but it is very frustrating. I guess you get what you pay for here. Stopped working after 2 gigs.
Our family of 2 guitarists and 1 bassist switched to these style locks about a year ago. Every one of us has had continual problems with the locks periodically unscrewing themselves from the guitar body. I had one back out during a gig and damage a brand new 60th Anniversary American P-Bass… not good. My son had one come out on him in the middle of a gig last weekend. The problem with the design is there's a ton of friction between the top and bottom pieces of the lock which results in the tab that's screwed into the body unscrewing itself. We've tried applying bar soap, petro jelly, and a spray can based dry lubricant… none of which prevented the ultimate forces that cause this phenomenon. We are switching to the Dunlop style locks as that design incorporates ball bearings which allows the strap to rotate freely back and forth with next to zero 'unscrewing' force. We tried to make the Fender/Shallers work but just could not. Maybe we're all too active on stage but we cannot tolerate the equipment damage nor the performance distruptions these have caused us. Major Design Flaw.
Unless you tune to only standard tunings this thing is garbage! I tune my hellraiser to d then drop to c and it will not register. the needle either flops around constantly or just does not display the proper notes. Useless for drop tuning!
I was looking for a portable fold-up stand that I could take to gigs and searched around. Found the Guardian at Amazon and thought for $10, how could I go wrong? Oops! Wrong. The stand is sturdy and folds up nicely, but I found it next to impossible to get my Fender Jazz bass to stand up in it. The lack of an extended support for the neck means you have to try to balance the guitar very precisely against the apex of the stand and pray that no one gets near it or that the wind doesn't blow. This is OK for a lightweight acoustic that you don't care too much about, but for for an electric guitar or bass, no way. I just ordered a different one with a tripod base and a neck support. Live and learn. Simple, sturdy,portable and useless for electric guitars or basses.
I have an Epiphone Les Paul and this stand does not hold it at all. The holders are too far apart to keep the guitar from sliding through onto the floor. Maybe it's a decent stand for an acoustic or a fatter electric. But given that Les Paul is a pretty popular model of guitar, this should not be sold as an electric guitar stand. I'm rating it for what it is sold as, and for that, it gets 1 star, and only because since there is no zero. Does not fit my electric guitar at all.
This product has almost zero documentation in the box or on the Akai Pro website. Technical support is also almost zero. Akai seems to not care about getting new users up to speed on their products. Customer service is basically "If you have to ask, you should not buy this". I asked the Akai technical department which sequencer software I needed and they told me to go to a Music store! This may sound stupid but unless you have a lot of MIDI knowledge and experience don't buy this product. Try finding a MIDI tutorial that is usable. Good luck with that chore. Added 08Nov2010: The keyboard arrived with one of the bottom rubber footpads missing. I sent an email to Akai asking for a replacement but they do not have any parts. I find that unbelievable. Requires indepth MIDI knowledge - Akai does not care about customers.
The box contained a bag with just the bottom half of the stand. The top section with the mic thread attachment was missing. Sent it back and did not reorder. Received half a stand.
The material used is fine. The looks are fine. The length is horrible. This is too short for most adults that play guitar. It felt like I was holding my guitar around my neck instead of off my shoulders. I attached it by the longest way possible and it was well short of what I could use. To me this was a worthless purchase. I just tucked it into a drawer and it will sit there and not be used again. Not for me!
I got a few of these as a Christmas gift and they're just bad. I put them on my pedalboard where I previously had longer cables and these just didn't stay in the jack. I have no other problems with these jacks with any other cable but these. If I play loudly and my room vibrates a bit, the cable even works its way out of the jack a little bit and cuts my signal. Awful. Doesn't cut it for me.
So heres the thing that no one else wants to say. The thing is built like a piece of s***. It jingles and rattles and parts are always moving around. I used this 3 times and it shorted out. The lights started flashing and it got hot. I called line 6 and they determined it was bad so they opened a "ticket". FYI if you want to deal with the worst customer service in the industry just call line 6. Not only do they not know what they were talking about but in the backgrounc I could hear them lauging and joking like there was a big party going on. I wish I would have never bought this but hopefully I get a new one soon. Well see how helpful they really are. Garbage.
I have always loved line 6. This product sounded great for about an hour then total gave up. It went dead. I changed channels and it worked for like a minute then went dead. I am sorry to say that I returned it. My AKG wireless guitar bug has lasted years with no drop outs. I am really disappointed. What happened?!!!
I was very excited to try this pedal when it finally arrived. Just to find out it WASN'T WORKING!!! it is defective, and because i brought it to Mexico, now i can't get a refund or a replacement. I will try to fix it through some local electrician or something. Very dissapointing! It was defective. Doesn't work when first trying it.
One of the ball bearings designed to catch and lock the side mounted to the strap dislodged, and my very expensive Fender Custom Shop Telecaster fell flat on the ground. Faulty Product.
Sounded good. Warmer sounding than stock tubes in my ac15. I rocked all night and loved the sound. Next day i turned it on, my amp was crackling out and wiping out the signal i checked the tubes and one of them was making violent purple flashes before the signal burnt out. I then noticed that one of my fuses blew out as well. I changed out the fuse and checked again and the tube was still doing the same thing so i just swapped the tubes back for atock. Id like to see a real set of jjs, im sure one of them was a dud. Good. But then.
I play harp with some some that I perform. I found that all of these Harmonica's the note's are off and it's hard to play, I have G Blues harp that I compared the G harp to and the notes were a little off. The C harp was terrible. That said the only thing I like about this order is the case. I going to see if I can return them for store credit. Notes off Hard to play.
Too thick, no flexibility. Sounds really harsh and like it is ruining my ukulele strings. Tried on bass too, again with less than satisactory results. These are just awful.
At the time I bought, was $16. Mine arrived broken, so it had gone back. Reality is that it is not that good regardless of mine being broken. Not upset about that - stuff happens. It is just not a good stand. Light construcion, unstable (topples easily) and a likely candidate to be broken if dropped. The 'protective' materails on the stand to keep product from scratching your instrument are the soft, shiny runner like materail and it 'sticks' to my instrument's neck. So I pick up uke and I get a stand until the stickiness is seprated by gravity. Happened every time. Yes, I tried out the stand even though broken, and it proved to be a bad choice. Back it has gone. 5 stars to Amazon's return policy, thouh! Poorly Made, Flimsy. Buy Another Product.
There is a problem with the design. When you move the head, the 3 little plastic pieces that hold the ball that allows you to rotate the head, just break off. The tuner itself is great, but the product fails because it broke in 5 minutes. Broke!
For some reason, this one just doesn't hit the notes right. It looks like it should tune more precise than other models but the tone is way off for mine anyway. I have tried it several times and it just doesn't tune right. Then I recheck with my other brand and it's not even close. Maybe I just got a bad one? I like that this one shuts off automatically.. but again, it's WAY off tune. I did like the style, size and color… but it doesn't work right so it's like running with a flat tire… I have another brand that works so much easier and works better.
I ordered this from the Amazon warehouse as a refurbished item. It was properly packaged but the base was broken and poorly glued together. The glue didn't hold so the clamping base separated from the stem that allows the meter to swivel. This was unfixable so I sent it back for a refund. Warehouse deals are not such good deals. Might have been a good one.
Very accurate tuner BUT it broke within the first week I used it. The little head on the tuner is connected with an arm and a ball and even when you are gently the three prongs holding the ball joint can crack and break rendering it useless. I will try to get a replacement… Now as a tuner it was really quite good but just not durable which is kinda what you need. Works great if it doesn't break.
Like the other one star reviewers -- my problem is that the head broke off. I tried to glue it back on, but it just fell apart even worse when I tried to do that. If you buy this, you really need to baby it! My advice is look for a more sturdy model! Broken head.
… what is the sound in the background of the hissssssssssssss? My guitar I guess, but who cares? I honestly bought this gizmo for the extremely good hisssssssssssssing nothing else. A question to AMAZON: Companies producing objects that are nothing else than a lemon shouldn't be prosecuted? P. S. I think it is "too polluting" for 'low cost' items to waste again in paper box, transportation, restocking work, refund work and so on. This is why 99% of the time I do not ask for my money back / BUT / sell this lemon on Amazon, online with other websites, and in all the instrument shops worldwide in a total bad faith (while testing nobody in iRig noticed the overwhelming hisssssssing? ) well that is beyond me! I will finally hear a great hisssss in my earphone!
My review(s) for this have changed a few times, but no more. When I first got it I liked the sound, though it did sound a little cold and digital, and this is from someone wanting to record shoegaze/dreampop, which by it's nature is full of cold tones (reverb/chorus/delay) shimmering, a la cocteau twins, chapterhouse, lush, so at first I thought it was great. Then the fuse software was even cooler, all this customizing the sound, though it did sound noisy and needed the compressor to take some of the noise away. After all of that I finally realized I was trying to ignore the fizz/crackle/hair, it's called a few things. Go to the fender forums and look it up, or search it on yahoo/google. The thing happening with this amp I think is a few things. Fender guitars sound best through it, which is silly if you don't own a fender, and I don't and refuse to get a squire as that body is so played out, I wanted ANYTHING but a strat body, unless I have a grand to pay for an older one, I'm not going to get a rinky dink one, and I would only get one after I got like 5 other dream guitars first. so everyone has different problems with pickup quality and guitar quality. Also, playing into a modeling amp is like playing into a computer, that may be fine for some (younger folks), but to a lot of people I've read the complaints I was trying not to realize, as I didn't feel like having to pay for shipping to return it, BUT I DID! And I am so glad I did. I almost got a peavey vypyr, and I am glad I didn't. This amp, to be fair, is really close to being really cool, but that sound problem, which I read on fender's own forum/website, FENDER ACKNOWLEDGES IT EXISTS, BUT DOES NOTHING TO FIX IT IN FUTURE MODELS!! sorry, but that's some big company b. s. I've been reading of people saying it sounds cold and lifeless and all that and tube this and tube that, and I was like "what music snobs" and what have you. But I realized that I'm a music snob! I love the music I listen to more than anything, and feel like the music I create should have a life to it as well. So I returned the mustang 2 and ALMOST got a marshall mg 30 watt, cause I wanted an amp with a clean sound that didn't have that crackle sound, but THANKFULLY I caught myself before that return, as after that, it would have been final. The decision I did make I think will be great for me, as I'd rather start with a good real tone, then get the effects I need. I kept reading reviews of these teenagers that hadn't played for more than a year or two or so saying "throw away your pedals, you won't need them" and "I was going to get pedals, but don't need to now", that's kind of the danger of these amps, they end up making everyone sound the same! No matter what tweaking I was doing on the mustang, it sounded the same but in a different costume. I think this amp and modeling amps are best for beginning guitarists and I've seen some old timers getting an amp for home use after years, maybe that's for them, but I needed something to record with and practice and get the best, most real tone possible, so that means tube amp. I think if I played this at a GC I wouldn't of gotten it, and I just tried to make myself like it. this amp is oooookay , fizzle/crackle, and noise when you aren't playing.
Works as advertised but the keys are stiff. Pads take too much presure to activate. Nice that I dont need another interface to connect it to my laptop. After the first few uses the USB socket broke and fell off into the unit rendering it useless. Wrote to dealer that was listed as selling it to me thru Amazon only to have them tell me the wrong seller was listed. I had registered it with AKAI already so I complained to them and they sent me a new one. I had to pay shipping back the old one to them even though it was a defective product. Not recommending this product. OK for the price and USB connection without interface needed.
This unit might be great if you have child hands - The KEYS ON THE keyboard is soooo small.. Don't get this if you have Man hands! wtf U[DATE THE DESCRIPTION Akai WTF What a joke.
A dull, inept version of a TubeScreamer. Just sounds flat and boring. Not very inspiring. At all. (Then again, I never did really like TS's)… Dull.
Really wanted to like this one, because I loved the price. There is no way this is true bypass. The one I got was defective out of the box, and so when I checked, I saw the circuitry did not support pass through. Maybe it is because I received a defective one, but I still wouldn't try this brand name. I am now stuck saving up for a Full Tone or something. Not true bypass, colors tone/breaks easily.
I honestly don't see the purpose. It doesn't seem to have improved my experience with my strings on my guitar. I've used it a few times, but don't see the benefit. Edit 5/30/13:After coming back to read the other reviews, it's obvious what happened: This was shipped to me completely dry. There was no grease/lubricant qualities. It was like a dry erase pad. They need to improve their quality control. I'm changing my rating from 3 star to 1 star. They HAVE to find a way to fully secure this gap or maybe consider enhanced vacuum sealing packaging. I would suggest if you receive this product and it hasn't dried out yet, to place this product in a air-tight ziplock bag to reduce the likelihood of this drying out. It seems pretty unnecessary.
The cable arrived on time and the it looked nice for ten minutes. I don"t like how the tips screw on and off and the fabric shielding slid out of place the first time I used it. The cable worked well for about two weeks but then it lost current in the middle of a session and I lost sound. This cable is complete garbage. Never again! Waste of Money.
I purchased this amp locally and initially, I thought it was pretty cool as it was my first modeling amp; lots of potential for a limitless variety of sounds. This was my first Fender amp as well. The presets were neat and all, but when I played around with some of the "standard" models (just the amp model, no effects) just to see how it's clean sound was, the amp just hissed as if I had the volume cranked with a distortion pedal engaged at max. The master volume was at 2 and no effects were turned on… I've never heard a clean channel with so much noise behind it, even when there was no guitar plugged in… All I could hear while playing was the underlying hiss coming through the notes; very distracting and it drove me nuts! This isn't a ground loop issue (my other amps sound just fine at bedroom volumes and beyond), it's clearly a defect with this product. Dirty pre-sets with lots of gain and extra volume sound even worse, again, even when nothing is plugged in and at low master volume. You'd think I was running a few super high gain stomp boxes with a red hot single coil, but NOTHING was plugged in and all I get is staticy-hiss at LOW LEVELS. WTF? The next issue is the weird "fizz" sound, that was especially noticeable on the low e. After striking a string, instead of a clean note, there's a weird fizzy digital artifact like sound that "surrounds" the note, and fades as the string stops moving. It almost sounds like cymbals crashing on a poorly authored MP3 file at a low bit rate and frequency. Whole chords break down and decay in this fizzy envelope and really makes this thing unplayable. The weird thing is, neither one of these problems arose with head phones plugged in, or when this was connected to my computed via either USB or the line in… but I'm not going to be stuck playing a 100 watt amp through my PC or cans. I got the III instead of the II because of the power behind it and the touted 12" Celestion speaker. Read the many reviews online or forum posts on many of the guitar/amp related websites (there's a 65 page forum post on the Fender support site that is quite interesting) and you'll find that these amps are having issues. Apparently, the Mustang I and II don't have these issues, and the firmware update did NOTHING to correct my amp. Is this a hardware issue, software issue, speaker issue? There is speculation that the LCD screen (which is not present on the I or II) may be causing problems, but no one seems to know for sure and Fender doesn't seem to care… Definitely try this before you buy it. You may get an amp that doesn't have these problems, you may not notice the sounds or you may not even care; let your ears tell you what sounds good. This amp has a lot of potential for great sounds, and it would have been nice to have faithful modeling of some great vintage amps, but in my opinion, technical issues have made this amp sound like complete garbage. I am disappointed that Fender hasn't yet correct what ever is wrong (some folks claim that Fender reps say that know what is wrong, but I'm not taking that as a fact… ), but they have acknowledged that there is "something" wrong. Whatever… I took this back after a few days of playing with it, trying to eliminate the junk sounds without success( the built-in noise gate helps a little, but sucks tone) and I picked up a 100 watt Marshall instead. Guess what? The clean channel has ZERO hum or buzz, even when cranked. How about that? Even when I engage a dirt box on one of the dirty channels, there is minimal noise. I'll knock Fender for NOT correcting this issue regardless of what it is and what caused it, but they do have some other nice amps that I'd like to try. But before I buy another Fender amp, I'll take it for a test drive and I suggest you do the same before picking up one of these turds. Fizz and noise issues.
A great idea, but pure crap in terms of functionality. if you don't have something heavy on the flat end, the rubber piece moves, and before you know it, your axe is on the ground. I saw some pictures of putting a 12 ounce can on the flat part as a counterweight, but I'm not so hot with that idea, especially if the can is open. The lip need to extend down longer, and *something* needs to be done on the bottom of the flat portion to stop this gadget from moving around. If I had a permanent place to mount this, I'd gorilla glue it down, but that then defeats the beauty of this being mobile and I'll get an extra guitar stand instead. Good idea, but it doesn't work. Good idea in theory, but I'm tired of my guitar falling over.
allotoday went to the stores to TEST out the followingtascams… dr 05, dr 07 mk2, and dr 40 and, for myself,ended up buying nothing… their differences for YOUR ears… are… dr 05, this is a good quality toy… NO line in… use its own mic, you will be ok with this, for meetings, etc. NOT really that good for music… can be done, but NOT as good.. if you use ext mic… u wont be happy either… HIGH background HISS noise relative to all 3. dr 07etc etc… only slightly better than 05… all else same… dr 40 was MUCH quieter in noise level… be it… in mic, ext mic or LINE inquite decent but costs you around 200 dollars… this can be used to ( semi ) record music too. so, testing on their own mics… that last one was far far better than the first two… for those wantingLINE in… means only that dr 40… however,my tests involved checking sound QUALITY of bit more seriousLIVE recordings… took output from our zoom r 24 recorder and input that to the dr 40… upon comparing the resulting CDs… a / mstr ed by the zoom r24 and print to cd, vs… b / recorded dr40 and printed to cd… the sound was Obviously better with a /no need to buy any a/d recorder attempt at this price level ,if one is looking for semi serious Master recorder… my budget must be tripled at least… and then to go out to test some more! no cheap way, is there… for those curious, the whole idea has come from wanting to connect 2 units of zoom r24, NOT wanting to use computer software, taking the 4 outputs from these two into a clean mixer or analog sum box, and getting them downto 2 channels, and finallly to some mastering digital recorder… hoping perhaps the tascam ss r100 or r200 MIGHT do the trick,in the tests to come… many thanks, and may your camels always have two humps! k so so for conversation recording… only non serious use.
Right out of the box, the low E string had a buzz and the intonation was WAY off (fretted E note on the 12th fret too sharp). After the appropriate truss rod adjustments the buzz problem was solved. Next, I proceeded to adjust the intonation. I was able to get the intonation for the A, D, G, B, and high-E strings spot on. However, after bringing the saddle for the low E string as far back as it would go, the fretted E note on the 12th fret was still sharp. I also noticed that the bridge is slightly crooked (the low E string end of the bridge is closer to the neck than the high E string end of the bridge) - the bridge could have started out crooked or it could have shifted due to the high low-E string tension (loose bridge) -- which would definitely contribute to the defective low-E string intonation. I love the Red Burst design of this guitar (it looks absolutely WICKED). Unfortunately, I'm going to have to return it. I'm going to get a Squier Strat instead (with either aMapleorRosewoodneck). ---[Update November 15, 2013]I ordered the Squier Strat direct from Amazon 6 weeks ago, but it was placed on backorder. I contacted Customer Service a week ago and was told me they wouldn't get it back in stock until December. Then, to my surprise, the Squier Strat was delivered yesterday! Yay!! :D The happiness!! I was able to get the Squier perfectly intonated. It's Red Burst like the Legacy (Fender calls it Antique Burst). It's a beautful guitar and and I'm loving it! Crooked Bridge Causes Defective Low E String Intonation.
Just use a smartphone to record stuff. This is a really weird, not very intuitive little device that has been antiquated by the iphone and other smart phones. Not really worth the $75 - I returned mine. Use a smartphone.
Well… it's not really too expensive, but it give you basically the same sound no matter how you set it. Even the crunch button is just a louder sound? Not a very good value unless you try it out first and this is exactly the sound you're looking for. Guess that's why it's so cheap. Can't Dunlop come up with a better descriptive word then b*****?
This product is bad quality because the noise it makes. It increases the volume so much that it is better not to use it at all. I'm going to sell this product. I didn't like it. A lot a noise when using rate different from 50%.
DOWNGRADE TO 1-O STAR AFTER RETURNING IT BACK TO BROOKMAYS, THE SELLER:I am really disappointed by the seller, BrookMays', ignorant responses to my return of the defective Cherbub Guitar Pickup, which picks up unwanted noise by the wire's own movements and the high frequency of feedback that other pickup won't have the same issue. After two weeks of the returned item was delivered, I didn't hear anything from the seller regarding the return, so I emailed to the seller to see if we can settle it asap. Too bad, four days after the email had been sent, I only got the email of telling me the case# of the message I sent without any further response to my refund. until my patience is gone to deal with this hassle, and I don't think it's worth to waste more time on it, despite the fact of wasting the time and money I spent on this useless pickup and the shipping costs. Therefore, yesterday, I emailed my last contact to the seller regarding the refund of the purchase and gonna report this to AMAZON about the bad after-sale service I ever have before if I still haven't heard from the seller shorty. Today, I finally received the seller's response to my refund, the seller denies the issues of the pickup and claims, "it was not defective. All pickups are going to get unwanted noise if you move the guitar. The feedback can be to to many other issues. I have issued the refund of $7. 04. " Obviously, the reply is unconvincing; although the feedback can be raised from varies issues, i have tried with another pickup to the same directions and setups, but it doesn't have such problems at all. The fact is NOT ALL pickups get UNWANTED noise although I didn't try many pickups. Cherub Guitar Pickup doesn't work as the product description to pickup the original tones of the instrument regardless the surrounding noises. Moreover, the unwanted loud noise from its wire movements is really annoying, and there's no way to stop the wire movements while strumming. Indeed, I won't use it, and I don't want it to sit at my house as a useless property, so returning back to the seller may help to improve the issues it has. However, the hassles I got from the seller is totally unexpected and it's NOT worth at all. By the way, I'm also unhappy about the refund of &7. 04, I bought it for $8. 79 along with AMAZON Free Shipping of the purchase of $25 or more. To me, it is not the money of $1. 75, but it's not fair to the buyer, who doesn't get the right service and quality from the purchase but only wastes the times and money on this matter. So if you really need a pickup for your instrument, I highly recommend you to spend few more dollars to get a much better and reliable one. Don't make the same mistake as I did to try this one because of the cheap price, in turn, you may get more hassles than you expect on such cheap merchandise. I don't want that happens to anyone else, so I decided to tell you what I went through to keep you from the possible hassles before betting on it. 2 STARS FOR THE 1ST REVIEW AFTER USING IT TWICE:I like the clip-on design, which is easy to use, so it is worth 2 stars; however, it doesn't work well clipping on small soundholed string instruments like ukes and kid size guitars because it touches the strings. Besides that, it also picks up loudly through the wire's own movements, not as the description "regardless the surrounding noises. " I have distressed from those unwanted loud noises. One more thing that it somehow produces much higher feedback to the mini amp that I use, and I have to turn the volume as low as possible to prevent the high frequency of feedback. However, when I switch to another pickup with the same setup on mini amp and acoustic guitars or uke. the amp doesn't have any feedback even turning it to almost the highest volume, and the other pickup doesn't have the unwanted noise from its own movement either. I don't know whether is my lack of luck or the poor pickup I got… I bought it because its cheap price (less than $9) & clip-on design, but, I can't accept the noises and I have to waste my shipping cost to return it back to the seller. So, if you want to give it a try, you may bear in mind that the seller, BrookMays, doesn't take any responsibility for the shipments even the item doesn't work properly as claimed description. Good Luck then! Picks up UNWANTED NOISE & BAD AFTER-SALE SERV.
I am a long-time musician with lots of experience with tuners and stringed instruments… wanted to like this… but… First the positives:- Looks great- nice, easy to read display- the screen pivots in almost every direction to suit your needs- the clip seems sturdy- tuner is compact- nice priceNow the significant disappointment:- inaccurateThe settings were on A-440 but every time I tuned an acoustic instrument with this thing, the tuning was sharp… I tested this not only by ear but against other tuners… very disappointing… I have used the old Planet Waves tuners for years and had settled on them as the best choice for the price; however, since D'Addario now owns Planet Waves products, they have discontinued the tuner I like and only offer the NS Mini Tuner (it has its place I guess, but I much prefer the larger one… too bad they made this decision IMO)… I haven't settled on my new tuner of choice yet so for now I will keep using my old Planet Waves models… Bottom line, no matter how nice the Snark is in many ways, the primary function is to help the musician tune accurately, not only string to string but to a standard A-440… having failed that requirement, it is useless for me, especially in a band situation… Inconsistent Accuracy.
I own the SN-8, which btw, is the best tuner I've ever used. I bought this bc it said it was made specifically for bass frequencies & violin. So I wanted to use this w my acoustic bass and violin. I was also intrigued by the &#34;tighter&#34; tuning aspect of the bars on this. Let me tell you, if it worked, the bars may have been a cool feature, but when you are fine-tuning an A string and it tells you you are on E (when you know you are on A bc the other tuners all say A, and it matches the piano), then there is a problem. I could not find any way to re-calibrate the thing, so it looks like it's just defective. The one I received was completely useless. I am amazed at the great SN-8… I am disappointed in this thing. I must have just received a dud (I hope, since these usually get good reviews), but I will be returning this since it absolutely does not work correctly. On the flip side, I will be getting another SN-8 in it's place, since I know those are great tuners & I love the one I already have. Worst tuner I've ever used.
Can't believe they are still selling these things at full price with the old 30 pin connector. I have lots of pads but none still have the old style connector. This is now a boat anchor. To buy a 3 meter cable from them, they charge $40 for the cable, $15 to ship it and then tax. The extortion here is almost Monster cable like. These folks should be embarassed. Old 30 pin connector makes this thing worthless, $54 to get one.
What was thought to be a DOA model, ended up being a mistake on my behalf. My iPhone 4S, which I have had for about a year now, must've had enough damage and wear to the dock connector so that it works fine… unless trying to use the JAM. In The Box: Comes with a simple instruction manual that has about three steps. It comes with the JAM and two cables (USB and IOS). It is bigger than I had imaginedIt's almost the length of an iPhone. Feels nice, and is very light. The cords aren't very long. My iPhone 4S was not compatible, ended up returning it.
The velcro itself is insanely amazing. Its so amazing that its stronger than the adhesive backing. If you have an alternative means to adhere this velcro to its surface with a strength stronger than 10 men, then by all means, use this stuff. In the end, you just can't make velcro this strong for use with a pedal board. Once together, it raises the height of the pedal very uncomfortably. I cannot think of a practical application for this velcro. The velcro that is so strong that you can't even use it.
The HDE xlr to usb is ubs. I have the same problem the red blinking syndrome. I learneda long time ago dont try to fixsomething you paid for send it back. So I did Thanks Hde for wasting my time. Go sell your snake oil to someone else… I I HATE IT.
I sometimes see reviews as redundant and unnecessary and I see a lot of positive reviews for this guitar strap, but I don't know why. Maybe other people don't really care what kind of strap they have or maybe they just have never had a good strap before. It wasn't too hard to get on and only took a couple of seconds, but once I got it on it was stiff and felt odd. It was very uncomfortable around my neck and I took it off my guitar in a matter of matters. I would honestly recommend spending a few extra dollars on a more expensive and more comfortable strap. Unless you're just going for something that is inexpensive, does the job, and isn't designed for comfort. I would pass.
I ordered 1 just to try it since it was so cheap, the first one arrived in non working condition, wires inside werent even soldered, so i ordered a replacement, plugged it in and it didnt work either, the second wasnt soldered either. I know its cheap, but i expected it to at least work, do not buy broke.
It was almost obvious this product would come from china but even worse when it ships from china. Any thing i have bought that was shipped directly from china has been much lower quality than anything retailers are even willing to sell. If you can wait a month for delivery or longer, if you dont mind your guitar falling off the wall when the chinese quality lives up to its reputation then order up. If you have over a $500 guitar be wise and buy an expensive one unfortunately they will most likely be made in china too. I have decided to build my own CHINA GARBAGE.
The device itself is difficult to read in bright light. My first one arrived not working at all. The second one arrived with a low battery. What? After three days the battery goes out. I would have returned it, but lost it because it doesn't adhere to the headstock very well. You've been warned. Not recommend in my opinion.
50+ years playingmy pedal is unuseablethe lower strings are all mush at any gain or eq settingread all the good reviews and watched all the videosmine sounds nothing like themmaybe defectivei also own the joyo british and joyo crunch and they are flawless mine is unuseable.
Wow, the capture quality of the internal mics is so bad it almost makes me cry, but plug in some real mics and voila- the DR-40 becomes something special… But, I do not always want to carry around so much equpment, and was hoping for better internal mics. Honestly, my super cheap Olympus pocket recorder sounded better than this thing. And WHY is the line-out so darn noisy!? Must be defective. Oh well… Gonna, have to send this back. Internal mics are atrocious!!!
UPDATED 3/16/2014After owning the 2i2 for over a year and encountering many difficulties I am revising my once gleaming review. The 2i2 is a simple set-up. Pretty much run your monitors into the line outputs, connect a mic or (apparently) a "low-headroom" instrument to it, run the USB cable to your computer and set it up within the DAW described parameters. It would have been nice to know that the included Plug In Suite is not a stand-alone program, and that it functions in tandem with Ableton Live Lite and that it could be found it in the Plug-Ins section of Ableton, but I figured it out EVENTUALLY regardless. (Ableton itself is rather dodgy, and seems to crash constantly. ) Sometimes the 2i2 seems to lock up completely, so as no audio is being produced from my monitors! I wasn't sure for a very long time if this was USER ERROR, an Ableton problem, or the fault of the 2i2 and its drivers, so after the gazillionth crash, I screamed "Ballsdogit!!! ", and purchased a license for Reaper. After going through the painstaking setup and acclimating to the new DAW over the last few months, I began to realize that my monitors no longer "lock up", but that the drivers for the 2i2 are indescribably pathetic!!! I had to tweak the living daylights out of Reaper just to get an audible sound out of my monitors. Now I'm in there and the FX do not work with the focusrite drivers. Garbage focusrite! Everyone I know that has Reaper raves about the plug-ins, and the greatness and ease of the setup regardless of the interface. I have yet to experience a crash, but I also have yet to experience any recording time. Seriously, I started reading on the Reaper Forums about problems encountered with the 2i2, and came across a response from David@focusrite actually saying that "you should not use this setup to record electric guitar.. ", and that if you need to record electric guitar you should "get something with more headroom like the 2i4. " That is just unbelievable in my eyes! I'm sure I could run this through my mixer and get the lacking headroom and just use this paperweight as a bridge gap between my mixer and laptop, but why should I have to after dropping a buck fifty on this miracle? Besides that, I'll more than likely still have multiple problems with the drivers! This device is clearly marked for both XLR inputs and 1/4 instrument ins. There was no warning of headroom limitations anywhere in the documentation, and I researched audio interfaces for several weeks before deciding on this unit. I feel lied to and disrespected as a customer, now stuck with an irrelevant piece of outdated technology. HOW IN THE HECK DOES THIS THING HAVE A NEARLY 5 STAR RATING!!!???? The good side is that the mic pres are nice and warm. I have a bunch of different mics and the 2i2 (when not crashing or locking up the monitors) seems to handle all of them well. I constantly check for driver updates, and have the latest drivers for the 2i2, but without a doubt the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 is probably going by the wayside along with my faith in focusrite and their products. Sorry focusrite, you dropped the ball here. No Headroom for Electric Guitar.
Hi Folks! OK, this thing is cheap. That's cool. But a cheap item you can't use is money thrown away. Before buying this I had read various reviews of some folks liking it and others saying it's too small. Well, I want to clear this up once and for all. IT IS TOO SMALL! Specifically, it is too short to reach across all six strings if you go past the third fret or so (depending on your guitar), AND it doesn't open wide enough to be able be slid down past the third fret, even on a skinny neck. This thing really is a puzzler. I mean, who the hell would make capos this size, especially when they could've made capos that actually fit for the same production price and sold them at the same price? Someone somewhere is just plain ass stupid. HOWEVER, a positive from this whole mess is that I finally found a capo to use with my ukulele, and for way cheap, ha ha. But if you are looking for a capo for a guitar of any size, this is utter garbage. Cheers! Ignore the tempting price - TOO SMALL for any guitar!
I have had 2 of these tuners (you'd think I'd learn after one). They calibrate okay , it's just that they tend to break where the swivel ball fits into the socket of the device (both of mine broke this way). To me, for the price, it's made cheaply. Try D'Addario instead; love their tuners. Don't like.
The adjustment screw for the boom is a piece of crap, a really small set screw that strips out almost immediately. Replace that with something stronger and this would be a great stand. They are light weight and if all you need is mic support in a fixed setting, good enuf okay I guess. But after transporting and reset, I found them to be junk. fix the adjustment boom screw and it will be a great stand.
kripes man.. the one time I go and actually buy a "honer" and its a "bummer" this thing has 3 keys off tune!! I can buy stuff 10 times better quality from Chinaand never have this kinda junk. Maybe it's a fluke because everyone else gave it a thumbs up and I 'm really not the type a guy to go running stuff down butmaaan Ive never got a harp this trashy B4!… all i can say is buy Merana's for tryin out buy "suzuki" or Swan" from ebay/overseas if yer a poor guy like meand you'll be better off. Oh btw hot-tip for poor guys again--- you can get a "Mississipi River Harp" for only $5. oo if you have a "Burke's" outlet near you! they're up by the counter and as good as the high dollar one made by unowho---- the Doctah has spoken! :) Straight up Terr-Ash!
This product has an extremely flimsy spring mechanism inside. Upon receiving mine and assembling it, it broke immediately while I was trying to mount an iPad onto it. It also has a fairly narrow angle of adjustability. The metal parts of it seemed sturdy enough but the plastic parts looked and felt brittle. ChargerCity Microphone Stand Tablet Mount.
This review is on the seller Yorozuya Yokoshima ,not the product. These people posted what seemed like a good price (not ridiculously low) on the Us Dream pedal. It was to be shipped from Japan. They then decided the price was an error and canelled my order. This kind of crap makes me wanna stop shopping on Amazon. com because the item was less than $4. 00 under the next best posted price and these 3rd party sellers Yorozuya Yokoshima were afraid they wouldn't make a killing on the item. I am thoroughly disgusted with this sort of behavior. I lost a lot of faith in the whole process of buying online over this incident. Yorozuya Yokoshima.
Let me just start out by saying that I've been playing guitar for over 30 years and have owned a lot of different pedals over all this time. I still own most of these units except for this one… the JoYo compressor. My setup is a very simple one… starting with a Stratocaster to compressor, wah-wah, super-overdrive, boost pedal, delay, then straight into the front end of a tube amp with reverb & vibrato. I don't want to get into a long blown out history of all the compressor pedals I've tried over the years but I know why you want one and how to use them. This thing simply didn't work right out of the box. While the outside of this stomp box is all metal, the inside is full of very low grade parts from China. Loose wires and bad components were everywhere on the board. I ended up sending it back for a full refund. I don't in anyway blame the seller. They took care of me without a hitch and I would buy from them again… just nothing with the name JoYo on it. If you're only buying these based on price I would say buyer beware… you get what you pay for. Is This Thing On?
It seems to do nothing as an effect and draws power reducing the volume on your instrument as well as the amp. Not sure if it is just a broken pedal or if it is just junk. When received the package did not appear to be damaged, but I have tried it on 3 different amps and i get the same results regardless of the amp or the instrument. True bypass, no effect!
UPDATE: received 6 of these. 5 are ok but one has a bad weld joint at the top retainer. It was held by only one small tac weld. I got what i paid for. cheap price and cheap product. no excuse to make this kind of low quality guitar stand, putting a $500 guitar on this is asking for guitar damage when the stand falls apart. not worth the time & $ to send it back to amazon. One star only for this product. Good chance that you will get a crappy one if you order this. Less than one star for this piece of… LIGHTWEIGHT,ATTRACTIVE, INEXPENSIVE.
This is a cheap stand and I was not surprised to see it had broke less than 2 day after it had arrived. The top cup that holds the neck of your guitar was welded in one spot only and it was very thin metal where the weld was made. I do not recommend this product. Stage Rocker SR#! )#)# Cradle Guitar Stand-black.
If you only want to use this thing as a detune effect to add a static, non-oscillating, chorus like effect, it's fine for that. As an actual pitch shifter though, this thing is awful. All the pitch shift settings sound like they're 30 cents sharp. This is especially awful sounding when used as an Octave effect. I suppose I could have opened it up to see if there was an adjustment pot inside but I did not want to void the warranty so I just returned it. It's hard to believe that nobody at the company could hear how badly out of tune this pedal is. I've read the same complaint about their Pure Octave pedal also. This is really too bad because all the other pedals for Mooer seem to be quite good. I own their Reecho Delay pedal and quite like it and I'm also tempted to get their Green Mile pedal. If you're not that sensitive to pitch inaccuracies, this pedal maybe fine for you but I doubt that many will find this pedal to be satisfactory. One minor quibble about the rubber padding used at the bottom of these pedals. It does not stick to the adhesive on ANY of the Velcro strips I've tried to use. The pitch shifting is out of tune.
I got one of these from another source but have returned it for exchange because of the following issue: when I record a track either with the "Audio Recorder" or "Guitar Amp" screens in Garageband on my iPad 3, iOS7, the recording is great. But once I toggle over to the multitrack view and attempt to play the recording just made, there is godawful distortion and the audio is completely unlistenable. Here's the other part of this: I can use Apogee Jam guitar interface, and iRig Pre microphone interface and Garageband behaves as it should and I can play the multitrack view with no problems whatsoever. The Focusrite support folks suggested I do a backup of my iPad contents and then do a software restore but I opted to return the unit instead, since the Apogee and iRig both work perfectly with Garageband. So, I don't know if the unit is having a problem with iOS7 or I just happened to get a lemon but I'll find out when the new one comes next week. If it works correctly, I'll update this review after doing a few recordings. But, I would say if you've just updated to iOS7 or are thinking about it and you want to get this unit, you might want to hold off on that upgrade. UPDATE: Got a replacement unit and even did a restore on my iPad, as suggested by a Focusrite support tech, and STILL have the problem I discussed above. So, this product simply has turned out to be a dud for me. If anyone else has a similar issue with this and find a resolution, please let me know. Problem with iOS7?
I have been using this gig bag for the past few months. If I do the math, I probably didn't use it more than 10 times, basically from home to the subway, from the subway to the studio and back, so maybe 20 minutes walk each time. So I used it for about 3 hrs and 20 minutes, mostly carrying it on my shoulders, sometimes by one of the two handles. Then the side handle started coming apart: the seam ripped on the side and the handle will eventually fall off if used. It will be OK for a while until the shoulder straps start breaking (which I kind of expect at this point! ). Meanwhile I'm going to buy another (sturdier) gig bag. Save your money and get something better than this. Cheaply made, only lasted a few months.
This thing is crap right out of the box it had holes in the stitching and all the pockets were sown on crooked. What can you expect for $20 tho. This was a temporary solution I don't recommend this for long term use it will probably fall apart. Don't wast your money.
Manufacturer's website claimed that this case would fit a Les Paul style guitar. I have an ESP Eclipse. Not even close. ChromaCast products are great. They need to fix the info on their web page. I'm not a fan of shaped Les Paul cases. Too bad. Does NOT fit a Les Paul/ESP Eclipse shaped guitar (their site says it does).
Returned this item because the zipper was already broken when I received it. Not durable! Spend a few more dollars, it is worth it. Cheap Zippers.
A great little package for the price, but unfortunately, the zipper failed the first time I tried zipping it up. I have a standard size acoustic guitar, but be aware, the fit was snug, but not tight. Zipper Failed.
straight out of the box this product reeked cheap. No directions inside or on the box. I messed with it for about 5 minutes. I would not trust it with a heavy or expensive mic. I read the description but it did not say cheap. Live and learn. Toy mic boom.
Amazon and TC Electronics will not tell you that you need a 9V Power Supply. I didn't see any warning or advise in the Point of Purchase, nor in the package. This is an unfair practice from Amazon and TC Electronics. Where's my power supply?
Let me start by saying that this is a really cool pedal, and TONS of fun. I can see how this could make you a better player and i think it could also be used live. BUT (and this is a big but) this is my first "one star" review ever… My first "less-than-5-star-review" ever… same as others, switch failed less than ten days of owning it. used less than ten times total, light use at home, I wasn't even wearing shoes! By the way, a gigging/recording musician for over 25 years so i am not a youngster that misuses my stuff. Bummer too GREAT idea… poorly executed. I will not buy anther one. I will not recommend to other musicians. Do not buy.
I purchased this pedal at a local music store for practice and possibly doing some loops at open mics with my Roland GR55 (which has a flawless basic looper built in, but only 20 seconds record and no undo). I had hoped that it would at least last one hour on with a battery so that I wouldn't need to carry a power adapter along. The factory battery lasted about 1 hour. The second brand new fresh Duracell battery lasted about 20 minutes. I started recording a loop with another (3rd) fresh battery (tested 9. 10 v with a multimeter) and the unit started behaving erratically after a few seconds of recording, suggesting that it was faulty. The lights started coming on and off randomly (record/undo/all three together, then off, then undo on, then all three on etc. etc. )The first time I used the JamMan XT (with the factory battery) it seemed to be working OK and all I can say is that as a basic looper it sucked. I am used to synching loops with other loopers and timing is everything, so I know it was not my poor technique. The main problem was that it didn't matter how hard I tried (even if I did a manual fade out) there was always a gap of about 2 seconds between the end of the loop and the start. This makes the unit useless. Also, it is poorly conceived in that, to replace the battery you have to take out 2 screws… exposing the delicate printed circuit board. The potential for damage here is very high. Also, replacing the screws needs to be done very carefully to avoid cross threading the screws and messing up the receiver nuts which are mounted directly onto the circuit board. To save a few dollars Digitech did not have the foresight to manufacture the unit with a battery box which would have protected the electronics and possible (read INEVITABLE) damage. I have owned quite a few Digitech products over the years and generally they are well thought out and well constructed but they have really dropped the ball on this one. It's going back to the store where I purchased it. Very dissapointed in Digitech.
I really wanted to like these, but they're a frickin, lint-catching sticky frickin' mess! They went from my wife's snare back into the holder in a New York Minute, have never seen the light of day, and may have been thrown in the garbage. Save your money. We use a heavy stoneware coaster with a cork back to quieten her snare now. YUK!
These ubiquitous texas instrument calculator that everyone thinks are so great are complete garbage. Compared to 15c or 42s by HP this is not a tool, but a child's toy or just a piece of land fill luggage. Inferior quality to HP of 20 years ago.
Bought this product recently based on recommendations for an advanced math/ scientific calculator. Apparently, TI has almost all the schools eating out of their hands by having classrooms make these calculators mandatory in many classes. I will say that the calculator features a lot and you can even purchase more applications to dowload at TI's Website. However, the calculator is complicated to use, and you almost need a course to learn how to use it. Furthermore, the functionality is poorly designed and if you press a wrong button the calculator will often freeze on you. At the high price for these TI calculators you would think that they would have gotten all the bugs out. But let me assure you they are definitely there, and you would be better served to get a Casio or HP graphing calculator instead. A lot of hype, but it quickly fizzled.
This product is for real geeks only. I bought it as a souvenir and office decoration. If you want something serious and practical, get an iphone (or any other smartphone) and a financial calculator app that can do Black-Scholes option pricing and many other fixed income and derivative stuff that this calculator cannot do. get an iphone and a financial calculator app instead.
UPDATE: After a couple of weeks my opinion of this has dropped. The only good thing is that it has the same nylon covering as the original version. But the gel (or whatever they use now, it used to be gel) feels as hard as a rock and is really unpleasant to use. I thought I could live with the thinner padding but this is really really unpleasant to use. This isn't a worthless wrist rest but I'm giving it one star because Fellowes shouldn't be selling this under the same product ID (down to the model number) when it's significatnly different. It is significantly shallower (in terms of thickness) and hence doesn't offer nearly as much padding. It's also shallower front to back. This isn't a bad wrist rest (and they are much cheaper now: I paid roughly $13 for this compared to $18 4 years ago for the same product ID), but they are not in any way the previous generation. Some people might consider this a better product as they make not like the height of the earlier ones. Not the same product and worse in every way.
Busted open the second day. Too much weight on it or a crappy product? Maybe just a flawed item in the mass distribution? Whatever the reason, it busted open (cool to see the gel stuff though :) Won't buy ever again, though. Busted Open Second Day.
Lasted only about a month before the edges started coming apart. After 2 months, it was totally dirty and had to be trashed. Worst mouse pad I've ever used and that counts the free ones I get at conventions. Doesn't last.
Should I be complaining about something that was less than a dollar? Yes, absolutely. The top layer of material, the red layer, is coming off from both the top and bottom of the muse pad after about a week's worth of normal use. The adhesive or bonding process isn't holding the two layers together. The size of the mouse pad is very good. It tends to slide around on my desk with very little effort. Waste of time with this mouse pad. Surprised at the lack of quality from Belkin. terrible quality.
This was delivered without the starter pack and without the carrier. Had no way to try it out. Returned to sender. A Real Loser.
Look, it is a mouse pad. It really doesn't even &#34;work&#34; - it just is, except when it comes apart. Two days, that's all I got. Bad Dog. Within two days the fabric seperated from the black pad portion.
The color was coming off within a few weeks. Within a month, all the edges are peeling. This has got to be one of the worst mousepads ever made. Awful.
I ordered 2 premium mousepads. Amazon sent 1 premium and one 65 cent standard blue. The premium one makes my new-ish Logitech optical mouse skip, hang, lag. It does work on my 15 year old Microsoft Explorer optical mouse. Also, the edges are so sharp I feel like I'm going to slit my wrist on it. Would not recommend. Does not work with Logitech mouse.
only. 5" high not 1"fabric is not durable, wears through and hard to keep cleanother than obvious lack of function due to height, no leaks, does not stiffen up over timeInnovera is a better brand too short.
The wrist pad I brought a couple of months ago had a terrible smell when I purchased it and the smell is still there but not as strong. Now the gel is coming out at the seams. I cannot use the wrist rest and I tried to fix it but it cannot be fixed. I would not recommend this item. Terrible Wrist Rest Pad.
I tried this product and liked it, but tried to call Avery to gather more information on their products and was disappointed with the fact that they have outsourced all of what used to be US jobs to Manilla, Philippines!!! On their web site, Avery give the appearance that they are located in Brea, California, but in reality all of their consumer inquires, information on their products, software support, and general questions are all routed to the Philippines. I was not able to connect with anyone in the USA after more than 30 minutes on the phone with several different people in Manilla. In addition, all of their products are manufactured in either Mexico or China. I am hesitant to use or recommend Avery products since there are very few US jobs associated with any their products. **************************************************My initial review of the product was good prior to my call to the "Consumer Service Center" in Manilla:I downloaded the Avery Wizard 4. 0 to help me make the labels. It took some time to download and install, but well worth the time. The wizard was easy to use. Once you down load the software there will be a new toolbar in Microsoft Word. You simply click the Avery button and it gives you a comprehensive list of all of the Avery products (listed by product number). After that is takes you through a few easy-to-understand wizard windows to enter the text and layouts your labels. Once completed, you have a MS-Word document that you can save on your computer and reprint if needed. I was able to make address labels with a small graphic quite quickly and easily. Even though these are listed for use on a Laser printer, I used them on my ink-jet printer and they turned out quite well. Even after roughing up the label by crunching it up, it stayed clear and legible. The "Easy Peel" backing allows you to reposition or remove the label although it does hold in place and will not easy fall off. Don't like Avery business practices.
I tried this product and liked it very much, but tried to call Avery to gather more information and was disappointed with the fact that they have outsourced all of what used to be US jobs!!! If you call Avery's Consumer Service Center (1-800-462-8379 number listed on their web site as Brea, California) you will be given several choices of support all of which route you to their customer, product, and software staff in Manilla, Philippines. I wanted to get more information on where their products are manufactured. The operator I spoke with and her supervisor both assured me that all Avery products are made in the U. S. A. in Brea, California, but some of the raw materials may be from other countries. They were unable to route me to anyone in Brea to confirm this information. After examining the packaging I have I found a sticker that said "Made in Mexico. " Other Avery products I have say either Mexico or China. None say U. S. A. I am very hesitant to use or recommend Avery products since there are very few US jobs associated with their products. **************************************************My initial review of the product was good prior to my call to the "Consumer Service Center" in Manilla:I have used sharpie pens on all my well-used file folders and decided to try these file folder labels by Avery. I was surprised how well they blocked out the old hand-written tabs with clean new labels. The TrueBlock Technology is simply a silver backing on the sticky side of the label. As for the templates, I downloaded the Avery 8366 template for MS-Word on Avery's website, but was disappointed that I could not get the text to center on the label when I increased the text to a legible size. So, I downloaded the Avery Wizard 4. 0. It took some time to download and install, but well worth the time. The wizard was easier to use than the template. It comes with a few colorful graphics to make your labels interesting. I was able to use a big text size and center the text vertically and horizontally. Once I had my labels printed out, it was easy to peel and place the labels right in the file drawers, and I had a whole file drawer of easy-to-read folder tabs. A couple side notes. 1) Avery required that you give them your name and email for downloading a simple template which I didn't like. In addition during the Avery Wizard 4. 0 install there is a box automatically checked to also install the Avery "Ask" toolbar and make it your default search engine. You can easily uncheck it, but rather tricky of Avery to set as the default to install additional software on your computer. 2) If you try and remove the label on your file folders, they do not easily release and you'll peel off some of your file folder with the label. Again, this may be a useful product, but very disappointing that Avery continues to outsource all their customer support and manufacturing! Like the product, but don't like Avery business practices.
I was pleased to receive these as I had filing to do. I printed out a sheet of file labels, and then applied them to file folders I was re-using. I was extremely disappointed as I could see the writing right through the label, making for a very messy look. NOT recommended at all. I had to go buy new labels… Tru- block? Not so much!
Great classic design. I imagine it is a wonderful phone if you get one that works. Mine refused to ring, and yes I checked the ring setting. Returned it. DOA. Does not ring. Returned it.
This phone started to have problems around the 1yr mark. First, a lot of static and now it just keeps disconnecting calls. Looking for another. Find Another-.
This would be a real deal -- if only it was compatible with Windows XP, which it is not. Before you buy it, use a good search engine to find user comments, and you'll discover that (1) Brother is still negotiating with Microsoft over XP drivers, and (2) Brother's support is non-existent. Even their website is useless. Not good. Buying a World of Trouble.
I had to throw this printer out. It was simply too unreliable. The first unit I had streaked. After three exchanges of the printer, they finally sent me a new drum. This printed for about 4 months, and the streaks re-appeared. I have never been so aggravated by a printer and suggest extremecaution before buying. Beware.
My order came from 'The Witz and Sons', fulfilled by Amazon. I've bought HP ink through Amazon for years and never once had an issue. This time what I received was questionable. The product is advertised as being in retail packaging, and the photo shows an HP package. However, when I opened the Amazon box, what was inside was not in an HP retail box. Instead the ink cartridge arrived "unboxed. " There was no HP cardboard box. It arrived in only the HP inner foil package. That means there was NO HP box, NO UPC and, of course, NO explicit expiration date listed. The only thing on the package, outside of the HP logo, is a foil code. In my case the foil code is SG2 110800 100218 1133. I happen to be familiar with the codes on HP foil, so reading the two sets of six numbers in yymmdd format, I was able to see that what I was sent had an "ink warranty" that expired about 9 months ago back in August 2011 (110800), and was produced in February of 2010 (100218). While many people use ink past the warranty date, that should be the choice of the consumer. Here, it seems likely the seller removed the box to try to pass off a "old" product as fresh, which is deceitful, at best. Read The Fine Print!
This printer is the biggest ink hog I have ever seen. If you download the optional ink reserve software you can actually see your expensive inks disappear. Granted, when the printer is working properly you can get wonderful images. If you are not constantly printing, the nozzles will clog. It is almost impossible to find anyone to work on these printers because the nozzles are built into the printer. After throwing a couple hundred down the drain on this printer, I smartened up and bought a Canon Pro9000. My new Canon is a wonderful wide format printer with easy installation and the nozzle cartridge is removable! Don't Waste Your Time or Money.
Doing a simple internet search will take you down the path to finding this product currently for $29. 97. Do not pay this seller twice it's value, especially since most of us don't have land lines anymore. Anyone selling it for so much is trying to unload their inventory and get their money back. Buyer beware and do your research. That being said, any device that sends out the "disconnected line" tones will be effective against robocalls. Other cheaper options are to download the sound of a fax machine onto your laptop and play that when you see a robocall come in. Of course you'd only be successful at that method if you kept getting repeat robocalls from the same unknown area code. If you really want to have fun with these "poor souls just trying to eek out a living like anyone else" just tie them up on the phone for a long time. They get paid by the number of calls they handle and the number of scams they pull off. So tie up their time and you can have a small passive-aggressive victory dance around the dinner table. Don't yell or get angry at them. They're already locked and loaded for those calls. Plus it will just get your adrenaline going and make you angry. Nothing good will come of that other than you being angry. They're just going to call someone else and so on and so on. Just pretend like you care about what they're saying and drag on their conversation for a long while. Other options for meddling with them are blasting a loud whistle or horn in the phone (but some digital phones will cut out the loud noise. So that doesn't always work. I've also had success pretending to be a business when I see the caller ID and recognize the robocall area code (NYC in this case). Once they realize it's a business they called the operator will usually take you off the list because a business isn't engageable in a personal currency scam. In the end they'll always be harrassing you as long as you have a phone (like junk mail in your mailbox). Even if your number is unlisted these machines will randomly dial numbers at digital speeds. So don't think the machines can't get through. Don't Buy this for $60!!
120 days later the dialing function no longer works. Very poor quality construction. Too bad, this was a nice phone initially. 120 days.
3M(TM) Copy Holder, In-line, 18 Inches Wide, 300 Sheet Capacity, Black and ClearI am getting old. I remember when $100 ($65 Amazon price) actually bought something. Oh, wait, it still can. AppleTV is $100. A Roku box is $100. A Kindle is just $40 more. But, now in 2010 an 18" sheet of molded plastic two weighted plastic legs some assorted screws and knobs and a rubber band cost $100. I have to assume the mystery weight beads in the legs are made of a high tech alloy and the plastic sheet must be bullet proof? On top of that when assembled it's kind of wobbly. I'd have designed in a cross base support of some kind for rigidity. But, that might have driven the price up to $150? I did a quick search for a "Copy Holder," what I found was a huge selection under $10. Granted many weren't as attractive as the 3M product but what price design for such an item. It just needs to hold paper or a book. If the constructed product didn't feel as wobbly as it does, maybe I'd forgive it. But, really, I can't get over the price to function ratio. I have many 3M products and many are well made and reasonably priced. I just can't review this product favorably. Your money is my concern. When you spend this much on a stationery product, it really should be beyond compare. This simply is not. There are better choices considering the price. If this was about $15-$20 maybe I'd say it's pretty and does the job. Yet, it's still unsteady if you need to move it periodically. There are many better cost effective choices. Way overpriced book/paper holder.
I think they're rotten, and they don't begin to compare in quality with my earlier, bona fide Memorex CD labels. The reason I say they're rotten is because the labels won't come off in one piece allowing me to center them very nicely on the CD/DVD, so it's made it a lot more work for me! They're rotten!
I tried this product and liked it very much, but tried to call Avery to gather more information on their products and was disappointed with the fact that they have outsourced all of what used to be US jobs!!! On Avery's web site they have their Consumer Service Center shown as Brea, California. I called the number listed (1-800-462-8379) and was given several choices of support. There is an option for templates and software, products, and all other issues. Any of the options you choose whether you're calling from the US or Canada will route you to their "call center" in Manilla, Philippines. In addition, all of their products are manufactured in either Mexico or China, not Brea, California, USA. I am hesitant to use or recommend Avery products since there are very few US jobs associated with any their products. It would be really nice if Avery was up-front on their web site and list their "Consumer Service Center" as Manilla ;o)**************************************************My initial review of the product was good prior to my call to the "Consumer Service Center" in Manilla:I downloaded the Avery Wizard 4. 0 to help me make the labels. It took some time to download and install, but well worth the time. The wizard was easy to use. I was able to use a big text size and printed the row of 5-tab labels quickly and easy. Once I had my labels printed out, I was able to lay down the row of tab sheets (you can not do this if the tabs are already in the notebook), align, rub-down into place, and then peel away the outside edging. If you have a lot of tabs to make at once this product would be very helpful. You get 10 sets of 5-tab rows per sheet. On the other hand, I still like using the Avery 612797 tabs which has 80 tabs per sheet and better for times when you just need to print a couple tabs. Like the product, but don't like Avery business practices.
To use this product, first of all you have to download a template from the Avery website. Not necessarily a bad thing, but a time drain if you're on a time crunch putting together the final steps of a presentation. Then when you do have the template you find that the spaces you have to type your title in are ridiculously small - you have to play with font and size until it fits. Again, another time drain. In my case, the ultimate failure was that the tabs did not extend past the edge of my paper in the binder, making it look as if there was any organization. This required a mad rush to the local office supply store to purchase the old fashioned type of tabs, which looked much better. I would not recommend this product at all. Didn't work for my needs.
only. 5" high not. 9"other than obvious lack of function due to height, the material is good, no leaks, does not stiffen up over time, no bad smellInnovera is a better brand too short.
only. 5" high not 1. 3"other than obvious lack of function due to height, the material is good, no leaks, does not stiffen up over time, no bad smellInnovera is a better brand too short.
this mouse pad never made it to my home. It is a nuisance to have to repeat myself over and over again. does not apply.
only. 5" high not 1. 5"fabric is not durable, wears through and hard to keep cleanother than obvious lack of function due to height, no leaks, does not stiffen up over timeInnovera is a better brand too short.
I paid $6 for an Amazon website recomendation to purchase with my Amazon Shredder … WHAT BUNK!! No where in the manual does it even suggest using oil, but there is no where to even use the oil if you wanted to because the blades are covered with a protective sheild and the oil directions state to put this directly on cutting area!! Not that $6 is a lot of money, but NEVER EVER should a recomendation link recomending 2 products be purchased for use together, when they cannot be, especially when it does not line-up with the manufacturers recomendations. FALSE ADVERTISING basically. THIS IS SUCH B. S!!!!!
Originally, I have written a good review: "I have got this thing to use in the office, I like my feet elevated. It has two height settings, so it is even more convenient than it looks. I personally like it a lot. "However after just a couple months of using this thing, I pierced it with my heel very easily, and I didn't put a lot of weight on it. It's very fragile and won't work for girls in heels. Very disappointed. Very fragile!
The white board part of it may be nice, but no matter how hard I tried and tightened the locks, the back leg would slip out. I could not get it to stand up while writing on it. I don't think the plastic locks are strong enough. Maybe mine is defective, but I'm guessing, it is just poor design. Find another easel board.
When the package arrive, all of the pins literally poured to the ground. The box was broken and so were some of the pins!! There was ABSOLUTELY NO packaging or protection in the box. For almost $9, this is a total rip off!! Very cheap. Unprofessional. Came damaged.
This product may be fine enough, but the storage process clearly wasn't. The binder clips were entwined in elaborate, deep webbing, which I thought might be some kind of strange packaging. Nope. As I tried to pull back the thick white sheet on the clips, there appeared an enormous spider… the kind of thing you see only in a few places in the U. S. Never again will I buy an Acco product; I'd be too terrified of what might appear in the box. I have no idea about the product, as I obviously threw out the box, giant spider, ocean of spider-killer, and all. Giant Spider in a Box.
Or maybe not for my computer??? However, if I'm having problems, there may be others out there who would experience the same frustration. My opinion may not be fair, because the trouble I had could be related to my PC. I have never attempted to make my own business cards before, but I have been able (without any training) to make some basic projects with Publisher, such as gift certificates. I routinely do flyers that require clip art. So I didn't expect to have any problem with this Avery product. Avery DOES supply a contact number you can call to get help, but frankly I really dislike getting instructions over the phone, so I did not take advantage of this offer. I would have preferred some trouble shooting tips listed online or on a sheet of paper in the packet. First, I had trouble downloading the template. I gave up after eight tries in three different sessions. I finally settled for the totally blank card setup that I was able to get access to. I could not get the program to accept clip art most of the time. I had trouble getting one of the seven lines to center. When I finally was able to paste clip art onto the card, I could not control where it went AND all the copy I had set up disappeared… never to be seen again. Some day… many months from now, I may come back and try this again. Or I may give the product away and let someone else struggle with it. For now, I have a lot of wasted time and no business cards to show for it. Not for a novice… or anyone lacking patience.
My prior boss opened a REC Center for kids with special needs. I purchased this velcro with high hopes. I was so excited to utilize the clear velcro for communication books. Unfortunately, the velcro barely stuck to surfaces and the hard and soft velcro barely stuck to each other. I was embarrassed by this purchase. Bad Choice.
While the idea of using something environmentally friendly appeals to me, this item is not manufactured well. I put them together as I have every other box like this, and the ones I had absolutely did not stand up to use. I put my files in (which honestly weren't very heavy) and the box couldn't take it. I ran out and bought the original ones and they held up fine. I definitely do not recommend these! Stick to the original storage boxes!
I have seen several incredibly comfortable office chairs for about $25. Who would pay this for a chair pillow? Isn't this more than you would pay for an entire chair?
I really should have returned it earlier. It is like sitting on a rock and hurts like heck. I don't recommend this for anyone but a featherweight… and yes like everyone else mine says in bold letters ASTAR. At first it was good but as the weeks go on it gets worse i. e. harder and harder. Stay AWAY. Hard as a rock.
The "original" old Mead Composition Book is a classic. But recently Mead changed the Composition Book so that it's now worthless. The paper seems like it isn't 100% pure quality tree paper so it's not as smooth to write on, the cover is a messy "plastic-type" cardboard, the black tape comes off in 3 months. I hate these things now. I bought 50 of these "new type" Mead Composition Books and the 10 new ones that I still have left, have rotted and the black tape has warped and come off. The 40 that I used up with writing, have also rotted and the black tape has come off. It's a real mess if you store them in old bookshelves. Some are made in India or Brazil and none are no longer made in the USA. The USA ones were the absolute best, with real tree paper, not "plastic-wax type" mesh waste paper, and real tree cardboard covers. If you need fairly adequate paper to write on, get Japanese Stationery (ex: Apica Notebooks), Rhodia, Rediform DaVinci Notebooks, Leuchtturm Notebooks, Black n' Red Notebooks, or Clairefontaine, they're very good and of high quality. The paper is of a high standard. Also, Moleskine Cahier Large Ruled Notebook (set of 3) and Writersblok Medium Ruled Notebook (set of 3), are good substitutes, of higher quality, for the Mead Black Composition Book if you're a writer like I am. It costs more but if you're a writer who needs decent paper to write on, it's well worth it. If you're just using the Mead Black Composition Book for school notes, doodling or odd ends, it's at least useable with a good pen. The "original" old Mead Composition Book didn't need to be changed. Bring it back. Rhodia Staplebound Black Graph Notebook 3 X 4Moleskine Ruled Cahier Journal Kraft Large: set of 3 Ruled JournalsWritersblok Medium Notebook, Ruled, Pack of 3, 5. 5 x 8. 25-Inches (WB801) The "original" old Mead Composition Book?
The "original" old Mead Composition Book is a classic. But recently Mead changed the Composition Book so that it's now worthless. The paper seems like it isn't 100% pure quality tree paper so it's not as smooth to write on, the cover is a messy "plastic-type" cardboard, the black tape comes off in 3 months. I hate these things now. I bought 50 of these "new type" Mead Composition Books and the 10 new ones that I still have left, have rotted and the black tape has warped and come off. The 40 that I used up with writing, have also rotted and the black tape has come off. It's a real mess if you store them in old bookshelves. Some are made in India or Brazil and none are no longer made in the USA. The USA ones were the absolute best, with real tree paper, not "plastic-wax type" mesh waste paper, and real tree cardboard covers. If you need fairly adequate paper to write on, get Japanese Stationery (ex: Apica Notebooks), Rhodia, Rediform DaVinci Notebooks, Leuchtturm Notebooks, Black n' Red Notebooks, or Clairefontaine, they're very good and of high quality. The paper is of a high standard. Also, Moleskine Cahier Large Ruled Notebook (set of 3) and Writersblok Medium Ruled Notebook (set of 3), are good substitutes, of higher quality, for the Mead Black Composition Book if you're a writer like I am. It costs more but if you're a writer who needs decent paper to write on, it's well worth it. If you're just using the Mead Black Composition Book for school notes, doodling or odd ends, it's at least useable with a good pen. The "original" old Mead Composition Book didn't need to be changed. Bring it back. Rhodia Staplebound Black Graph Notebook 3 X 4Moleskine Ruled Cahier Journal Kraft Large: set of 3 Ruled JournalsWritersblok Medium Notebook, Ruled, Pack of 3, 5. 5 x 8. 25-Inches (WB801) The "original" old Mead Composition Book?
The plastic protective slip over the holes on the papers falls off, leaving the paper vulnerable to being torn. Absolute waste of money. DO NOT BUY this! Garbage, waste of money.
I liked the old Bic ball point pens because the ink never smeared and the pens didn't leak in my purse, backpack, or bag. If I accidentally marked my clothes, the ink would wash right out. The new gel versions smear, leak, and leave a horrible mess in my purse. It doesn't wash out of clothes either. Threw them away. Gel ink bleeds everywhere.
I found that these pens did not write well. I would not recommend them even for a filler item as often I find air bubbles in the ink and have to scribble several times while I am writing. These went in the trash. Do not write well.
Writes well. My impression when I first wrote with it was that it was really smooth. Maybe it's the wideness and grip that dampens the writing compared to a full plastic, thin stick pen? But this thing, the Bic Soft Feel, has a major problem. The thing is press fitted together instead of screwed. So the tip slides itself into the barrel as you're writing and you have press the two halves of the barrel back into each other after every 3 words you write. I guess you could super glue it together… and perhaps not all of them have this problem… but that's my experience and it's totally unacceptable. Update: No, they all have the automatic disintegration feature. Writes smooth, Self destructs.
I needed a sharpener at home for my kids and the various sizes of pencils they use. This thing is good in theory, but poor in practice. Every single pencil that is sharpened in this machine comes out with one side sharpened, one side pointed wood. A big disappointment. I paid more for mine than here on Amazon. I also tried battery operated kind made by the same company… not enough power. Now I am looking at the grand daddy of pencil sharpeners… electric! I think I will skip the X acto brand though. sharpens crooked… !
Very slim pencil, hard to hold and slippery. The lead point keeps breaking, and the quality is clearly lacking. As a comparison, I ordered the Pilot G-2/07 mini mechanical pencils from Amazon, and they are GREAT. Don't waste your money on this product, and buy the Pilots instead. Junk!
This is the electric pencil sharpener issued by the Seattle School District to all classrooms. After three years, the experience taught me to appreciate the manual ones that were used by teachers for decades. Here is a listing of my complaints:. 1. It chews up pencils fast.. 2. It breaks down after a one year usage.. 3. The District buys it at $25 each and provides one for every classroom. When it breaks down, the building suppose to buy replacements. Unfortunately because of reduced budgets, none are ever purchased. As a result, teachers use their own money and buy traditional manual pencil sharpeners. They are cheaper, durable, and more reliable than this electrical power device. After Using This, I Prefer a Manual Pencil Sharpener.
I don't expect highlighters to be super florescent but these don't even make an attempt. Green and blue are way to dark and make the highlighted text difficult to read. Not so bright.
the highlighting is so weak from these highlighters they are essentially unusable. Considering that Sharpie is usually the best brand for markers, I suspect these are drying out from shelf life. I should have sent them back but was too overwhelmed by other pressures. Useless.
As one of those people who "thumb through" my folders, I like the reinforcement along the top 1" edge of these folders. It keeps the folders standing up straight, for better visibility. But these folders… I've never seen such a mess. I thought I was imagining things when I noticed they weren't sitting uniformly in my folders. Now that I take them all out and look at them from several angles, I see that these folders are not all the same height! In fact, only one third of them are all the same height. The rest are within a 1/4 inch of each other up or town. Two folders are very roughly cut, which might indicate the "cutter" was off on the assembly line. Or they haven't gotten all the kinks worked out for this product. As it is, I've wasted a sheet of labels and must re-start a tedious job. I will give away these folders, as they are unusable for my purposes. Even if they hadn't been defective, I was shocked by how flimsy the paper is. Wasted my time and a bunch of labels; plus they're flimsy!
I picked up several of these when they were on sale because they were BIC. The first one was nothing but a pain, and the tape kept breaking, much like a cassette tape and just as useless afterward (for those of us who remember cassettes). I thought maybe it was just a problem with that particular one, but I've been through all of them, and they were all just as bad. If I managed to make it halfway through without the tape breaking, the white stuff began to flake off the clear film on most of them also rendering them useless. As much as I put the fluid type corrector at the bottom of my list, I'd rather use that than use these again. Don't waste your money. Would never buy again.
I've bought 4 of these now, and each one has malfunctioned after one or two uses. Nor am I able to put the things back together because they are so cheaply made. I will never buy another Bic Wite-out again, nor do I reccommend you waste your money. Wite-out never responds to complaints either. Pure Junk.
Poor new design, it breaks, it has no screw for rewind. Tombo Mono is a better brand, it still has the screw for rewind. Bic has no way to open or adjust the tape. Breaks. Save your receipt for return.
I use a lot of colored ink for my math homework notes and needed some correction tape so I blindly bought this off amazon for the good reviews. There were too many times where the tape would actually rip and shred while trying to use it. It would do this so much that I would go off on a tangent and try to go over the same spot again and again and again trying to get all the tape to work properly which it rarely did. I went to a local store to see if any other brands of correction tape was available and found a blue colored BIC correction tape. It worked beautifully. Very smooth and proper function where the tape doesn't shred and starts where you want it on the paper. I definitely recommend the BIC brand over this one. Save yourself the pain. Poor choice.
I returned it twice, thinking that it was just a lemon… but this brand is not good. Find another brand instead. twisted tape.
This listing was posted as a pack (of 12) sharpies, but was shipped as single sharpies. When customer support was contacted, they reported that Amazon made the listing mistake and they (the company) were not responsible for this error. The quality of the items were good, but overall this was a terrible experience. Disappointing.
I've been trying to mark corrugated boxes for storage and the chisel point creates and inconsistent line on a corrugated box. I'm sure it would be beautiful on poster board, but I don't need it for that. I used to do calligraphy so I don't really think I have a problem with skill with a chisel point. A lot of people use these markers for boxes and I would like to see the nice, neat lettering I'm actually writing with. I've been using Sharpie King Size markers for years without a bit of trouble and I guess you can't get then now without the chisel point. So, back to Marks-A-Lot. Disappointed with the chisel point.
I was very disappointed with the plastic this is made from. If you were to open a box of cookies, the plastic in that is just as thick. It has one thin strip of double sided tape on the back to mount it. We returned ours and bought a magnetic basket to hold the markers. It cost less and was much nicer. Extremely Thin Plastic.
I was really suprised that Swingline would make such a cheap product. First off I thought that the look of it was nice-it has a shiny look to it but then when I touched it I realized that it was made of some sort of cheap plastic. And even worse-when I loaded it with staples it kepts jamming. I tried using it for 2, 5, 10 and 15 pages(it claims that it can handle up to 15 per staple) and each time it jammed up even two pages! I had to use a stapler removal to get the mangled staple out of my documents. Spend a little more and get one that won't jam as much as this piece of junk did! Skip! Cheap Stapler!
It seems like these staplers are getting more flimsy each year. This one has very light weight plastic and very lightweight metal. When you pick it up, it feels like a very low quality product. I did not get good results with it and am not happy with it. I would suggest spending a little more and getting a more solidly built model. Cheaply Made.
I bought this because it says pink. What i received is not pink. It is not the purple one, either. The part number is correct, but it is in between and very close to a purple sort of magenta. It's not anything like the picture, and, yes, my monitor is color-calibrated so don't blame it on my screen. If you are looking for pink, pass on this item. Not even close to pink.
I bought this set of pens expecting them to write for a while before they dried up. One pen out of a dozen wrote, and then only for a short time. It's like they had been out in the sun or something and just dried up. I have never shipped anything back to Amazon, but these I returned. I quickly got a credit for the return; I was impressed with the speed of the return and the fact I didn't have to pay return shipping. Thanks Amazon for making good on a product that could have been a good one had it not been defective. eleven duds out of twelve.
I was disappointed because I was expecting to get larger flags and they are about the size of a large paperclip. Boooooooo.
ENOUGH TO WRITE YES OR NO!! THIS IS NOT FOR NOTES. TERRIBLE DESCRPITION OF THIS PRODUCT. WHY DON;T YOU SAY IT IS TINY PAPER. SAY IT AS YOU SEE IT. TOO SMALL.
Electric staplers do not work as well and are not as reliable as manuals. They require electricity to work and fail after a year's usage. Buy a Manual Stapler.
papers MUST be pulled straight and taught with both your hands before it triggers. Sometimes you can get away with a one handed stapling but usually you sit there jamming it in and out 10+ times before it detects it. oh, and it is LOUD. Ridiculously loud piercing snap with a ring afterwards. The loudest thing that ever happens in the office is this stapler. the whole office can hear it. Tried dampening the noise with dynamat, didn't help at all. Staplers should be easy, not hard. This is simple stuff, I thought this was a premium product to make my office a bit nicer but no. I even tried buying "premium" staples that cost 5x as much and come in a special little tin, that didn't help. Tried cleaning it with q-tips, nothing works. donotbuy You have to use two hands!
I read the reviews but seeing the overwhelming amount of 5 star reviews, I took a chance and purchased this. I should have known better, this is NOT photo paper. Like everyone else, I agree this is nothing but card stock. The photos came out very rough looking and faded within a few months. Would not suggest purchasing this to anyone. Gonna let my kids use the rest for drawing! Not what I expected.
I thought I could save money by printing some photos on this less expensive matte photo paper. Big mistake. Quality is so poor that I'm ready to just dump it. Can't figure what else to use it for. waste of money.
As soon as I saw the box I noticed it had a water stain on it. Opened the box and half the folders were damp and smelled like cat Pee Pee! It did not happen in shipping! Need I say more. Pee Pee.
I found this product very hard to use. To start the tape I had to struggle with the tape to get is started and lost a lot of tape in the beginning because it would not start properly and only half the tape came off. Then I had to struggle to keep the tape flowing as I taped a box together. Being a former Army wife I have moved many times and have used packaging tape more times than I would like to think about and this tape was the worst I have seen. It is too bulky, hard to start, hard to remove protective cardboard from blade. All in all I would not buy this tape dispenser again. HARD TO USE.
These things were a pain. I tried using the avery design suite… no luck, every time I printed it, it was all over the place. Tried using the template in word… a hot mess. The templates just wouldn't line up. I print on templates ALL THE TIME. These were the worst I've ever come across. The leftovers… well… they will be great for the next yardsale, I'll use a pen, and write in the numbers. Printing nightmare! Ugh! I didn't know printing labels could make you crazy.
I asked my husband to buy me some packing tape today, and he brought home this product. He says he bought it because the outside label states, "packaging tape," at one spot and at another it proclaims, in big bold print, "SHIPPING. " When you open up the plastic encasing the tape, you can also read another description, inside the cardboard "wheel" that the tape is mounted on: "Scotch Sealing Tape. " This means that the company has offered three different names for one product and, unfortunately, none are an accurate description, because here is how this tape acts:1. When I tried to use the tape, I found it almost impossible to pry loose. Unlike every other packing tape I've used over the years, this brand doesn't have a colorful piece of light cardboard indicating the starting point and making it easy to unhook the tape. 2. When I finally got the tape unhooked and started trying to remove from the cardboard wheel a strip to wrap around a package I needed to mail, it was so weak, it tore apart after only a few inches. This caused me the incredible aggravation of once again having to try and find the starting point of the tape. Worse, the tear was that awful kind where the tape splits apart in the middle, so it creates a narrow, jagged piece with a very skinny tip that is particularly hard to see the end of. 3. Tape ripping to shreds like this is a clear indicator that it is so fragile, it is completely unsuitable as a packing tape. To give you an idea how frail it is, the tape I use in my office, of the 3/4-inch, clear variety, and even masking tape, are both far stronger than this tape. Because of these defects, I don't recommend this tape for any use whatsoever, and I myself am going to ask for a refund. By the way, the package states that this tape is, "Made in the USA," but since the company distributing the tape has made a false claim about this tape by calling it "shipping tape," perhaps this claim isn't true either. This tape is terrible for shipping.
This tape ended up being worthless quality and all eight rolls I bought went into the garbage. My moving helpers and I were spending way too much time babysitting these rolls of tape, which were nearly impossible to pull off the roll. We drove to Home Depot and bought several packages of brand-name package sealing tape instead. Cheap junk that shouldn't even be sold.
I read the negative reviews for this tape but since they were several months old, and the 3M company representative had responded to them, I took a leap of faith and hoped that Amazon's stock had been replaced and the problem resolved. Not so. I purchased four rolls of this tape, and so far one has absolutely NO adhesion, and the other I would rate as barely sticky. I got these for a little over two dollars a roll which was a great price, but I would have been fuming if I paid the $6-$7 these cost in retail stores and had the same problems. For a company like 3M, which generally sells some of the best products, to have such a lapse in QC and allow this type of inferior product to hit the market is sad. I will not be purchasing this tape again, or any 3M brand packaging tapes for a while, in the hopes that they correct this problem. Doesn't stick.
This tape is strong and clear and doesn't curl up. That I like. But it is very hard to use in a dispenser gun because it is difficult to tear on the blade one-handed. Instead of tearing it just pulls out more and more tape until I have a piece much longer than I need and I have to tear it manually. So pros and cons. Update a few days later: worst tape I've ever used! Yes, it is strong and clear but it REFUSES to be cut in the tape gun. Maybe it is TOO strong! I have to manually cut it every time. I won't buy this stuff. Further update after using it numerous times: I can't believe all the great reviews! Worst packing tape I've ever used, and I've used TONS over many years. I will probably end up throwing them away and not even use them up due to the troublesome nature of this tape. Bad stuff!
I got two of these from my local Staples. Both were defective. The tabs for opening the top would not work. I actually had to search the internet to find out how they were supposed to open, as there were in instructions in the box. These came in the original packaging from 3M. Defective. Top Will Not Open.
I was very excited to get this all in one machine. It had all the features that I was looking for. When it printed the first test page (the one with the billiard balls), I was amazed and happy. I researched this machine and read all the specs including estimated page counts for the print heads and ink cartridges. Actual use comes no where near what they put in the specs. Then 1 month later I had to get more ink, no problem. Then it just kept eating ink. I have had this machine for about 1 year, and have printed less than 2,000 pages total. The ink is very expensive, and it goes through the printheads (which are more expensive than the ink) very frequently. I paid $450+ for this machine, and have already spent about $350 in ink and printheads. Plus, it has broken on me twice, and had to get it replaced. Plus, I experience the same fax problems (random error messages for no reason) that others report in these reviewsPlus, the customer support is AWFUL. And I mean awful, you will be less frustrated if you just threw your printer out the window. I bought HP because I thought its company and products were top notch. Not the case here. I will never buy another HP Printer again. As a matter of fact, I am thinking of ditching this one because of the expense of mainenance. For the $350 it will cost me next year to maintain it, I may be better off buying a different printer. Expensive to use, and problematic 3 times over.
Found out after I unwrapped everything that this printer doesn't work with Windows 2000 :(It's for Windoes XP and Macs (not sure which one)only after calling support. What a waste of time. This printer is for Windows XP.
The design is all wrong! If you want to go from page 1 to page 35 or page 50 or page 100, be prepared not to pop the hinges and mess up the whole binder. Just horrid and I wish I had returned while I still could. Got a 3&#34; from OfficeMax that has ROUND hinges and no problems… Extreme couponer. esdw Worst binder ever.
Ok I hate to write negative reviews but these envelopes have very poor glue on the peel and stick side. I'm putting a piece of scotch tape on everything to make sure they stay shut which kind of defeats the purpose of buying &#34;Grip-Seal&#34; which don't really grip that well. kinda not that good.
I dislike intensely rulers that don't start at zero. This one has about 1/8" at either end before the measurements start. I guess this is just a lazy way of making rulers to low tolerances. The model it relaced "R590-15 was exactly 15" long and started and ended on the mark. Just can't see this with the picture, so I ordered it without knowing this. Doesn't start at Zero.
Cross has been the maker of fine writing instruments for decades. So what happened to the quality of their refills? I purchased a fine-point two-pack for the twist pen expecting exceptional quality, and what I get is a refill that blobs ink all over my document. I guess I'll retire my Cross pen. I get better performance from a Pilot G2 Extra fine point gel pen - two for under $3. Blobs of ink.
does not work at all not work at alldoes not work at all cant tell u what the problem is I mean its a friggen stapler and I thought paying more money would guarentee something that worked --now I will have to use the one my mom swiped from work -It works plus has her name written on it so I will have to watch my ps and qs. does not work at all.
Another sad example of Chinese junk!!! The stapler made famous by its legacy on American desks and the movie Office Space is… dead. This piece of junk was cracked because it was made of plastic, and stapled once because it's mechanism was cheap metal that jammed. It's not even good enough for a paperweight because the color isn't even correct or uniform! Take my advice, either pay for the standard metal stapler, made somewhere else if possible, or hold on to the one you've got. By the way, tried ordering a replacement, which Amazon promptly sent, only to receive another POS that was in even worse condition! Avoid, Avoid, Avoid!!!! Cheap Chinese Crap!!!
The idiots who designed this made it with no clip on the cap, which I need to carry it in my pocket. Probably designed in a third world country where they don't have pockets in what few clothes they own. It doesn't say where the product was actually made. About half of the package is in some foreign language, not English. Now I know not to buy Newell Rubbermaid products (who makes Sharpies). What were they thinking?
I got this to write my mom's name on her dark clothing items. I was expecting it to write like my black ones. It doesn't write well at all on fabric, so I was very disappointed. And, in addition to the tip not being firm enough while trying to write on fabric, it definitely is not writing in a fine line as the black ones I have do - it is almost like a wide point, that's how far off it is. smushy tip on fabric.
My husband is self-employed here at our home and was in a better position to test this item than I was, as I have to have my legs propped up at all times while sitting. Well he tried it out and felt it to be a very dangerous item as it got in the way and was easy to trip over, etc. Adjusting it for your own particular needs, he also felt to be complex and too difficult for someone sitting in a regular office without all the tools that he has handy. I'm not sure what he did with it, but it sure isn't under his feet. Dangerous.
Very thin and flimsy plastic. Dropped them. Several cracked and the lead in the others broke into pieces. What a waste. Whatever you do, don't drop it.
I've used many three ring binders in my life and this is by far the cheapest in quality of any I've ever used. Being that I am not keen on leaving a single star review for products, always trying to find redeeming qualities, this is one of the rare products that really is not worthy of purchase unless it can be found at a dollar store and you are desperate for a matte white binder. Mine arrived with some dirt inside the rear cover's clear sheet and I cannot for the life of me get it out. Because the material is so thin and flimsy, I will not try any more for fear of tearing it. The corners of the binder are each already bent and the cardboard structure is clearly less sturdy than any of the other binders I currently have in my home or office. The 1 1/2 inches of this binder will hold more papers than I would trust to be protected by this binder. With a basic round three ring hardware attached to the rear of the cover, I expect that a full binder would fall apart very quickly. I cannot with a clear conscience recommend this binder. If you care about your binder, look at others.
I read the reviews and they were excellent. However, this tape will not tear on my tape dispenser. All others do. I like the clearness but still find them unusable. Find another product. Not too Great.
I purchased this Hammermill glossy flyer paper for the convenience of Amazon, the Hammermill name, and other reviews. However, On my Canon inkjet printer, the color comes out quite dull and not true to what's on your screen. I had used Staples glossy brochure and flyer paper in the past with good results, so I decided to go ahead and purchase some more at Staples -- the difference is amazing. The Staples paper is true to color and bright. The exact same picture with the exact same settings on the Hammermill -- not true to color and not bright. Perhaps it is just not the right paper for a Canon injet (ip6600). All I know is, I won't be purchasing this brand again. As far as purchasing from Amazon, it came in 2 days with Amazon Prime, as always. Dullsville on a Canon Printer.
This looked so cheap that I sent it back as soon as possible. It looked like loose plastic on the outside and the inside was nothing special. Ugh!! Awful.
I am a big fan of Cambridge notebooks but this pad-folio is less than functional. For starters, the outer material looks cheap. It has the wavy appearance that comes with faux-leather that hasn't been pulled tight before sewing the seams. Furthermore, the zipper pocket feels like it will rip if I don't handle the zipper pull with surgeon like precision. The sticky note slot is a neat idea in theory but ends at that - it only has enough space available for about 15 sticky notes so don't dream of loading a whole sticky notepad in there. I wasn't really surprised either when my standard sized business cards didn't fit in the business card slots. Don't waste your money. Poor quality with mediocre functions.
Creating the transfer is easy--the instructions are simple to follow and they work. However, after the first wash (delicate cycle in a front-loader, cold water, hang to dry), the ink starts washing off and the edges start to become frayed. Also, the image itself starts to become crinkled! Maybe hand washing is what's needed but that's not something the instructions call for. In fact, it says you can machine wash & dry--clearly, you can't. Transfers start fading and peeling after first wash.
It should not be this hard to peel. It does not peel. It should be easy. I threw the bag of sheete in the trash. Waste of money. Horrible, cannot peel.
I have tried TWO HP laserjet compatible toner cartridges for my HP Laserjet 1018 and both were substandard and had to be returned for a refund to different companies. One froze my printer as soon as I put it in. The other printed unevenly. I now will only purchase ORIGINAL HP toner cartridges for my machine. Compatible toner catridges no comparison to original - learned hard way!
title says it all. Don't know if I'm going to get 1,000 or 1,500 or even 2,000 pages from this toner replacement but the way I see it, $10 is more than worth it for any of those quantities. I have an HP LaserJet 1012 - no color, duplex or multiple uses other than straight B&W; printing. HP (thru Staples or their own website) wants $80 PLUS tax. It's a simple laserjet for simple printing - if this is what you have, you can't go wrong with this product IMHO. **UPDATE** less than 1 month and 50 pages later, streaks and blank areas on every sheet. Yes, I'm shaking it. PLUS, the original seller is no more as they changed names presumably secondary to all the bad press. I have to go with an OEM product here to get my money's worth, I guess. Too bad - I reviewed this too soon. Excellent, inexpensive, replacement toner.
I bought a HP desktop seven years ago. The day after the warranty expired, I called in a problem that had been chronic. HP refused to honor its warranty and instead sent me to India, where people were in training. Ultimately, they convinced me to reformat the disk even though I was convinced it was a hardware problem. They didn't advise me to buy a new disk, which I should have done. I had been using the hp backup utility. It seems to be an overlay on microsoft, but when I tried to restore the files, it failed. The process to get back what I could was arduous. I complained about this up to the top of their pecking order, who told me to get lost. I resolved to never ever buy anything from them again. A couple of weeks ago, my hp1020 printer paper catch broke. I had bought this printer before the computer failed, and it has worked well for more than four years. I went online to see how to replace the cheap chinese plastic paper receiver. HP customer service sent me in circles. Ultimately, they don't support their product. HP customer service is worst ever.
I have had this printer for about 15 months now, and I print only on Canon paper. The colors are always either too yellow or too magenta (even b&w; images have a color cast! ), and Canon's own reps could not figure out why or help resolve the problem. I printed on regular computer paper, and the colors were fine. It also doesn't print with the densities shown on my original files. My images look exactly right on my computer and print beautifully when I send them to a lab, and I'm an advanced amateur photographer. In other words, I know well enough what I'm doing, so it's not operator error but a printer problem (which Canon agrees on). My mother, who is an artist, had recommended this printer to me, but she began to see a color cast as well and replaced it with an HP printer that's dead on. When I originally bought this printer, everyone's reviews said to only use Canon paper to get the best quality, but I'd have to disagree. I'm not sure whether to waste money on buying a different brand of paper and trying that, or just buy a different printer, but this one gets a thumbs down from me. What a waste of $200. colors always off.
Technical Details sayBrand Name AveryItem Weight 2. 6 ouncesProduct Dimensions 7 x 4. 8 x 0. 8 inchesItem model number 24063Color AssortedNumber of Items 1Size Pack of 4Ink Color Fluorescent Yellow, Fluorescent Green, Fluorescent Pink and Fluorescent OrangeManufacturer Part Number 24063however the packaging does not say fluorescent anywhere, they are just normal highlightersI have an old original one that is out of ink and that one clearly says fluorescent and dennison on top of the word hi-literthis one says made in mexico, the original says made in the USAslight difference in shade of color in the plastic as wellthe two are identical in shape and size look identical but does not match Technical Details.
It's so slippery, my laser mouse didn't work at all. There's little tactile feedback, it just feels like you're gliding across fake marble or something. Very very uncomfortable. Ended up throwing it away, basically. Horrible.
For $30 this is a waste of money. What I like is the concept. The legs fit into the desk and you slide the cover over the desk and everything fits for travel perfectly. However, the quality of the material is poor as well as the way it all fits together. Every time I've used the table it wobbles. It won't hold a computer or project securely. I would not put anything over the weight of 2lbs on this thing. After it fell over with the projector on it I had to use two boxed on a chair to prop the projector up. Concept good, but look for something better if you are considering this. You won't be happy. Won't stand up straight and falls over.
You buy used and you take your chances. The item broke down almost immediately after purchase. The vendor was willing to replace it, but I decided additional shipping charges and another used unit were not worth the risk. I bought a new printer instead. You buy used and you take your chances.
When you read many reviews, you can easily see that the "one-star" ratings are usually by people who don't read the instructions, or possibly just can't understand them. I've read all of the one-star ratings on this R-200 now and I totally agree with them. No I'm not a printer expert, but I've owned a lot of different brands of printers and this is by far the worst, though not the most expensive. My dad had an Epson b&w; printer in the 90's and each time I had to use it, I would laugh and laugh at how it took such a long time when you turned it on to get ready to print: grunting, groaning, clicking, whirring… over and over for literally minutes. I swore I'd never buy an Epson printer, though some of their other products are useable. But… silly me… when it was time to replace my nice HP printer simply because I wanted something that would do a perfect job on "photographs", I fell prey to Epson's claim to top quality. It really didn't dawn on me that the unit would be virtually the same feed and cleaning mechanism as my father's old piece of junk. I hated it from the beginning. Photos were NOT photo quality, it took ages and ages to start printing, and it ate ink like a famished muppet monster. If you don't print regularly, the ink cartridges (there's 6 total, each costing big bucks from Epson) dry up on the outputs, and even though you can shake them and hear the slosh, they don't work. If you buy non-Epson cartridges you get a warning that you are voiding your warranty when you use them, even though they do work fine, and some last much longer than Epson's. But now after 3 years I've had enough of this expensive POC so I'll have to gamble on some other brand… it will definitely never, never, never be another Epson, I don't care if President Obama puts his picture on the front of it, and God blesses it himself, I will not buy it. One point I can make to those of you stuck with this piece of junk: If you leave it turned on 24/7 it doesn't go through all of the initial bracketybrack setup routine. But it still dries up and won't work, even if you're just printing black, if you have run out of cyan or yellow, it WILL NOT WORK until you buy more cartridges to allow to dry out. It's a total scam and believe me, you will be sorry… maybe your initial impression will be good, but just wait… you'll see. UPDATE 9/30/12:OK so I dawdled around and didn't order the new printer until today. I am doing a government application for immigration visa for my wife, and that requires mounds of printing and copying. Today I needed to print out my bank statement for the last year, and when I went to the bank site, it said they are changing the system on the 3rd and I'll only have the past ONE month available… so of course I want to print this immediately. My printer had been moved a few days ago and it's been turned off during that time, so I reluctantly started fiddling with it to make it come on properly. About 20 or 25 times I turned it on and off and all I get are blinking lights. I did every trick I've ever done before, unplugging and sloshing the cartridges, going to the cartridge cleaning and nozzle check software… nothing at all worked. So I go back and read all of these ONE STAR reviews again, and of course they're all having the same problems. I choke back the urge to drop an atomic bomb on the Epson Headquarters and I look for the best printer (non-Epson) that I can afford, and order a Hewlett Packard OJPRO8100 Wireless Color Printer which has an abundance of good reviews and only a few 3-star reviews, no negatives… $110 compared to over $200 for the Epson (not counting the $200 or so I've spent on ink cartridges to replace cartridges that still contained ink). Then I read one more review on the Epson 200, which said something about unplugging the power cord to reset the interlocks. Well that shouldn't work, because that's what always causes the problems… but I tried it and bingo, suddenly the printer works as good as it ever did (marginal and slow). At least I managed to print my bank statement. Wish I could bill Epson for all of the hours and hours I've spent trying to make this stupid piece of junk work! I've kept this item more than 3 years, but.
I bought this for the DVD disc printing using a Mac G4 laptop. Ready to put cool disc art on my amazing lttle films. But hu uh. NO LUCK. SPENT HOURS FRETTING OVER EVERY STEP, BUT NOTHING. TRAY JUST VIBRATES IN THE SLOT. BACKS IN AND OUT WITH MY BLANK DISC. THEN RED LIGHTS ON THE PRINTER FLASH IN MOCKERY. Hate this Epson non DVD print disabled fraud. Love the Mac, though. This is a new, out of the box model. And there's no help for the problem. Under menu HELP it actually says "No help available. " Boy, that chutzpah. I'm not new to printers or settting up software. Beware buyer. Don't be a sucker. A PIECE OF JUNK -- CD/DVD WON'T WORK.
I've given this phone more than a fair trial. I've purchased this and 5825 phones three times. (The 5825 has no answering device but identical handsets. ) All of their identical handsets have malfunctioned immediately or eventually. The first time one of the screens lost contrast and became unreadable. The last two times the handset became inoperable after being left off of the cradle for several hours. None of the buttons would respond until the phone was recradled for a moment. (This would happen even after the batteries were fully charged. )I returned the first two for refunds, but the third time I sent a message to VTech's online "support. " Their email response was: "Due to the nature of your inquiry, your request would have to be handled by a representative who will provide you with the more detailed information. " But when I called the "tech support" number provided I infuriatingly discovered that they only have automated tech support when you select the support phone menu option. So, I called the sales number and the rep said they are trying out this new automated approach to "tech support. " That is, they have decided to ditch genuine support. I asked to speak to a sales supervisor and he said that they have had other complaints about the inoperable handsets. He offered to send me replacement handsets, saying that he thought they have fixed the issue. Which brings up the obvious question: why are they still permitting retailers to sell units that VTech knows have defects? I've only had this one for a week. Shouldn't those defective phones be recalled? The supervisor's only response was to chuckle nervously. So, while these phones have good talk time and audio quality, and respectable features, I can't recommend them since they are highly prone to defects and the company has such a laughable excuse for support. Third time not charming. Defects and lousy support.
Using these labels has been nothing but trouble, producing shoddy results and labels that peel away from the CD/DVD. As for the formatting and printing process, it was even worse. We tried downloading their software for Mac online and followed all the directions. It was fairly straightforward, so we finished everything and went to print it. What happened next? THEY WANTED MONEY. IT WOULD NOT PRINT WITHOUT A WATERMARK UNLESS YOU PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE. After ALREADY BUYING their product, there was a HIDDEN COST. We wasted time putting everything together only to find we would have to come up with a work-around. That work-around took a tremendous amount of time, and again, had mediocre results because of formatting issues as well as the matte finish (the paper feels kind of rough and cheap, worse than some basic printing papers). The initial price of these labels is a trick. They seem cheap, but they have hidden costs and the labels themselves don't even stick, sometimes nearly ruining people's drives. BAD, BAD, BAD. DO NOT BUY--hidden costs and labels peel off.
… Give me a break! Just out of curiousity, I bought a 5. 8 GHz cordless at a local store and compared it to my trusty, twenty-dollar 900MHz Uniden. Guess what? The two phones sounded PRETTY MUCH THE SAME, in fact the 900MHz one was actually a little clearer in some parts of the house. I will say though, the 5. 8GHz phone does sound better than the disastrous 2. 4GHz Uniden I bought and returned last year. But this one's going back too… why pay more for what is basically the same performance? Again: DON'T BELIEVE THE ADVERTISING B. S. !!!! I'm giving this phone 1 star not for its actual performance, but for the absolutely shameless advertising HYPE around it. (This is kind of like a 3. 0GHz PC compared to a 1. 2GHz PC: with 90% of commonly used applications, their performance is virtually identical… only you'll pay a lot more for the bigger number GHz. ) SUCKERS of the world, unite!
This is probably a fine label machine for most computrs, but it wouldn't work with my new Vista operating system. Brother's customer service representative put forth great effort to do what was needed to make the driver function. After three phone sessions with Brother, the driver did work; sort of. Yes the label printer worked, but then my printer/copier wouldn't. I suppose that I fiddled with it for over an hour by myself, and then almost that long in company with a Brother Tech Support person. I must say that the Brother telephone support people were really great. They seemed to know what they were talking agout. They were patient and really tried to get the thing working properly. After I found that what had been done for the Brother machine messed up the operation of my Canon printer/copier I decided enough was enough, and the label printer is now landfill somewhere. Beware if you have a VISTA operating system.
I run a small business and had finally worn out my HP G85 OfficeJet and was looking for a replacement all-in-one for my home office. This was not it. This is my second go around with this specific printer. I returned the first one because I thought I had a lemon. I was mistaken, they are just that bad. Printer consistently jams if you try to print multiple documents. You can't see the jam because there is not one. You just press 'OK' like you had actually cleared something and it will start printing again. It will not receive incoming faxes from certain types of fax machines. And yes, that was verified by HP support. It will not work on any type of VOIP service. This was also verified by HP support. And on & on… I cringed every time I selected 'File--->Print. If the printer were to have burst into flames and melted down to the very core of the planet I would not have been the least suprised. Anyhow, I have thrown it in the trash. About 200 bucks down the tubes but it was more than worth it to avoid the daily frustration of dealing with this printer. The worst printer ever.
I have always been an HP fan and have owned 7 HP printers over the years, including 3 Laserjets. Until this one, I would have highly recommended HP but it appears HP has abandoned their loyal customers and is now producing garbage. I have had this all-in-one for 9 mo. and have yet to get it to scan more than once. After countless hours installing, re-installing on 2 different PCs, using HPs support website, tech support and even their senior tech support who sent me a new printer, it won't work. My last call involved 3+ hours on the phone dissecting my registry after which I was told I had operating system problems. From day one, the software locked up when I tried to scan. HP insists it will work on a clean install. So yesterday, I started with a new hard drive, installed Windows XP but nothing else and then the printer driver. It works -- once! Then I installed Office XP and after that it locks up the first time I try to scan. I will never, ever buy another HP product!!! After reading the reviews here and elsewhere, it is certain that this software is crap, as is the 6210. Half the people who write reviews have had problems with this overpriced paperweight. Stay FAR, FAR away!!! HP are you reading this??? Check case ID 6300331720. That's only one of 3 case IDs I have. If I billed you for all my time trying to make this 6210 work, I could buy a color laser printer! Total Garbage stay away!
I have the OfficeJet 6110 All-in-One for just over a year. It worked well for several months and I was very pleased with the purchase. But when I bought a new HP desktop (my old one was also an HP desktop), problems started happening. It took me days and millions of phone calls, the problem still persists. Here's what I figured out in the process about HP products:1. HP's own printers and computers don't work together. Duplicate software get installed and conflict with each other. 2. HP's printer support staff do NOT talk to the computer support staff. When software conflicts start--all HP software, one has to figure out on one's own where the problems are before calling them. Otherwise, while various technical support staff try to diagnose the problem, more problems will happen as various drivers get deleted and re-installed. 3. Once an HP's software (my experience is mostly with HP printers) is installed, one can NOT get rid of it by uninstalling it. HP provides a "software cleanup utility", which must be run several times (with re-start in between) before actual de-install completes (if then). Often times, one has to manually get into various directories to delete folders. If one's desktop happens to be an HP as well, then good luck figuring out whether a particular HP folder should be deleted or kept. Sometimes one has to make changes in the registry in order to totally get rid of HP software. Hard to believe, but it's true. 4. If you run into problems with this printer, don't call for support. And absolutely do not use their chat line (staffed by entry level technicians). Now and then I get a good HP support staff, but mostly they are reading over some generic manual on their end and give you adivce that is, at best, useless. It may work well----for some time--if you are lucky.
first off, this is not what i paid for. I paid $10 to get a package of markers that only half of them work, and the colors are different than shown in pic. Though they might be &#34;new in package&#34; they are OLD and DRIED UP. 5 of the 12 dont even work, the rest are okayish but did not get colors shown. most are neon colored and hard to see anyway. SAVE YOUR MONEY, I WOULD SHOP SOMEWHERE ELSE&#62; NOT as described- dried, neon colors, not ones in pic.
-0 Star Rating… This printer is the worst piece of junk ever produced. I knew that HP printers never last more than a couple of years, but I expected this one to last more than 4 months. Boy, was I wrong. I got a "Replace Right Cartridge" error (just like numerous other reviewers). Wasted several hours on chat, had to call the 800 number. They sent me a "refurbished" unit almost 10 days later. I opened it, installed it right out of the box and it is DEAD! Couldn't even print one page. Wasted another couple hours on chat and with tech support… I am dumping this printer and will sue HP if I have to, in order to get a refund. Will buy anything else but an HP for the rest of my life… BE WARNED: DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER!!! RUN AWAY! DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER.
I put two package opening tools on my Amazon Wish List recently, and two very kind folks gave them to me after recent hand problems left me struggling to open anything more complicated than a banana. The OpenX arrived today, sealed improbably in a clamshell. I took out theZibra Open-It ZPCOPEN-GZ 5-in-1 Package Openerthat had arrived last week to cut open the clamshell. Once the package was half-open, I pulled out the OpenX, and attempted to follow the directions on the remaining clamshell edge. The OpenX states, cut a 1" slit, then "push and slide to get inside" (eeuw, I couldn't make up these directions). The problem is that the blade jerks, and flies out of position, then you try again, and it makes another jagged cut. This leaves a perfect opportunity to get cut by that nasty clamshell plastic. I had a friend with normal hand strength try it - he wasn't able to achieve any better result - the tool bucked and stalled, then flew out of position. We concluded that this isn't a safe or useful tool - far from my experience with the excellent Open-It. Dangerous - if you can even open the package it comes in!
This review is from: Smead Expanding File, Custom Printed Stock, Open Top, Jan-Dec Index, 12x10 Inch (70488) (Office Product)Vine Customer Review of Free Product (What's this? )I gave this product 1 star for a specific reason:Don't tell me something is &#34;leather-like&#34;, and then send me a product that is made 100% of paper products. The only thing &#34;leather-like&#34; about this product is that they printed a pattern on a piece of paper and then glued it to both sides of the folio. I won't reward a misleading product description in any way. Further, they made a design mistake on how they apply the &#34;skin&#34; they think makes it look &#34;leather-like&#34;. There IS a reinforcing material at the bottom corners of the file. However, the &#34;skin&#34; was glued on last, over the top of the corner reinforcement. It won't be very long at all before the glued down paper starts to separate at the corner, either from humidity or general wear. When that happens it will spread, and eventually the file will look pretty bad. I also think that the file should have been made just a touch wider. It is OK if all you want to do is dump receipts and pieces of paper into it. However, should you want to further organize your dividers by putting file folders into it, that is an issue. While you can get a file folder to slide into it, it is not at all convenient to do so, and it has to squeeze into the wider part of the section, where the accordion side is at its widest. If you want to put a few file folders in it, you'll be out of luck. Even making this 1/8th inch wider would have eliminated that problem. If you've ever put receipts into a file like this, and then tried digging around blind in the bottom trying to find and grasp them, you'll appreciate how much easier it is to have them in a regular file folder that you can slide into one of these and then just pull it back out with the full contents. They make the claim that each pocket expands to 7/8ths inch. Maybe in their dreams. Yes, if you virtually pull the product apart to fully expand one pocket, sticking your hand all the way in to assist in flattening out the bottom, you could get it to extend to 7/8ths of an inch. It wouldn't stay there, nor could you conceivably expand EVERY pocket to that width. I've had a similar accordion file from Globe Weiss for years which has a higher quality glossy exterior, IS wide enough to easily slide a file folder into, and has a fold over top which closes with velcro… to keep you from accidentally spilling the contents of your file should you accidentally knock the thing off your desk. I would purchase that accordion file product over and over again and never consider this one in a direct comparison, and both are essentially the same price. Misleadingly advertised.
Despite being very happy with my HP Officejet 7310, the ink has turned out to be a painful expense. In the past six months, I have gone through three of these cartridges. I hate to single HP out, but the entire inkjet industry is guilty of fighting price transparency with inexpensive printers and inflated ink. This is not to mention the constant changing of ink cartridges models. Does HP really need 200 different models of ink cartridges? No. It would, in fact, be much cheaper to consolidate the cartridge offerings. However, this would lead to excessive duplication and remanufacturing by third parties. What is particularly amusing, and perhaps offensive to some, is the enclosed "recycling" envelope that comes with new HP ink cartridges. This prepaid envelope, with the empty cartridge, goes back to HP so that it can demonstrate its environmental leadership. Of course, HP doesn't want the empty cartridges to go back into the hands of companies that refill and remanufacture them. Although I haven't done the calculations, I would assume the transportation and handling costs would actually do more harm than good to the environment. My suggestion is to fill the prepaid envelope with torn up remains of the consumer packaging that comes with the cartridges. Nice Ink at a Grossly Inflated Price.
As an early feminist with nearly 40 years of work history in Silicon Valley, enduring discrimination, misconceptions, glass ceilings, and harassment, I have accumulated life experiences and education and skills (and a few extra lbs. too) to the extent that I am quite certain I cannot be squeezed into the economical 1" binder. And why does it have to be black anyway? So that we "women in binders" can be shelved neatly and forgotten, eventually to be packed up and sent away to Datasafe? I think not. I demand a 5" D-Ring binder with multiple index tabs and sturdy pockets and it needs to be fluorescent pink so that I can be bright and visible - it's about time! I deserve the biggest, boldest binder that Avery makes. I am not going to allow myself to be stuffed quietly into a nondescript economy version skinny black binder. We "women in binders" must unite to get what we deserve. A Woman of Substance Will Not Fit In This Binder.
I purchased this item July 18th and finally got it today. When I put in a pencil nothing happened, I tried 2 other outlets which were both working and nothing. I should have listened to the other reviews and stayed away from what they called junk. X-Acto 1744 Heavy-Duty Electric Pencil Sharpener, Black, 1 Unitupdate nov. 15th 2012 had replacement sharpener for months now works fine. waited long time just to be disappointed.
This has 1/2 the tape of 3m/scotch available at sams club. I mean VERY LITTLE tape actually exists on this dispenser Very little tape on roll.
I bought some of this brand of tape to save some money compared to that other leading famous brand of clear sealing tape. What I got were rolls of tape that looked the same but were brittle. That means that the tape split as I was pulling it off the roll, making me pick at the strip still sticking to the roll and starting it over. I wasted so much time with this tape that I made up my mind to pay extra and buy that other leading brand that I never had this problem with. The only way I can qualify this review is that perhaps the rolls I got were too old to be sold. Perhaps they had been in storage too long. But after what I've been through using this tape, I can't bring myself to buy it again. Brittle and sticks to itself. What an ordeal.
All I can do is second the reviewer who wrote &#34;Do not buy this tape if you value your sanity. &#34; It is almost impossible to use due to constant shredding whenever the roll needs to be re-started. Even setting aside the hair-pulling level of frustration involved in working with it, the shredding wastes a ton of the tape -- you end up having to throw out feet and feet of it in order to get back to a full-width piece and start working again. This is just a horrible product, worse than some of the no-name store brands I've tried. I'll be sticking withScotch brand packaging tapefrom now on, and I regret buying even one roll of the Duck. Unbelievably annoying, almost unusable.
Ink is all dried out and faded. Have to press HARD into the paper to make a definitive mark. No wonder these are all on sale and filling up all the aisles in dollar stores. Because they suck! Zebra name but worse than cheapy no name stick pens. Junk.
I wish I could give these pens a good review - I think they are so nice looking, they have a good grip, and I like how they write. However, I consistently have difficulty actually keeping them writing. Multiple pens in the pack have abruptly given up working within a week of being purchased. I can see there is plenty of ink in the barrel, but nothing comes out. Very frustrating. Pretty, not functional.
I poured 128 fluid ounces of Tuscan Whole Milk into this and it leaked all over my fridge. A poor quality product! Leaky!
After reading other reviews, I too purchased this binder expecting hold my women. I was greatly disappointed. I'm starting to think this binder only holds women 1% of the time. The other 99% of the time it tries to make me eat the pink slime (I refuse), tells me that my college degree is elitist, dips into my retirement fund to feed undeserving billionaires, and keeps cleaning the dishes long after I finish. Save yourself some money and hold onto your women some other way. Poorly designed.
This was to be a replacement for the one I lost. The pen that was sent me was second hand at best, like they are sending out the rejects and calling them "new". The parts on this pen did not match in color, many different shades of red, streaks in the bottom barrel enamel finish. There is no way this is a first run, top quality item even though it is falsely advertised as one. Clearly this is a reject from the company that did not meet the requirements that is being passed of as brand new. I would not recommend buying this item as such, you will likely get a second run inferior pen. Sent crap second hand product.
I was so excited to see these cute colors on sale. I got them to use on the easel in my first grade classroom. I was really happy that they had magnets. The magnets did not support the weight of the marker. No biggie, I just kept them on the easel ledge. I wouldn't have minded that if they'd only worked. First Day of School came! My brand new markers would look so beautiful on my white board easel… if they weren't all dry. The yellow was the only marker that wasn't almost entirely dry, but the color was so light the children couldn't see it. My six cute markers went into the trash on day one and I pulled out a blue expo. Ho Hum, right? No wonder they were on sale.
The Quartet ReWritables Mini Dry-Erase Marker set is a great concept but poorly executed. Pros:None that I can think of… Oh. How about this: The black marker writes dark enough that it can be read from across the room. Whooo Hooo! And, wow, I just thought of another one: The erasers work! Stunning accolades, for sure. Cons:The yellow might as well be invisible, and the rest of the colors are too pale to be read from more than a few feet away. As I noted above, the only marker that can be read from a distance is the black. The magnets are so weak that they are close to being useless. I have aQuartet ReWritables Daily Quick Liston my refrigerator door, along with the black marker. When the door is closed the marker slides down the door and drops onto the floor. I tested the magnets on the other markers and they were just as bad. The only solution that I can see is to super-glue a decent magnet to the black marker. Disappointing, to say the least. Update, June 2014: Even after I glued the magnet to the black marker, I was still not happy with it. Within a very short time the color in the marker faded, as if it was already running out of ink. I ditched the set and replaced it withLow-Odor Dry Erase Markers, Ultra-Fine Point, Assorted Colors, Set of 8. Skip this, get a good set of markers and super-glue magnets to them.
I previously gave the markers four stars, but after using them for a longer amount of time, I'm giving them one star. Like I said in my previous review, the colors are too light, and they are also pretty tiny. If you keep your board on the refrigerator like I do, then the markers will fall off if you shut the door. The blue one fell off one day, and the magnet broke off. What REALLY made me mad and why I'm giving this a one-star rating is that it permanently stained my board. I've tried using the erasers, I've tried using water and scrubbing at it with a paper towel, but the marker stains just won't come off! I'm very upset. Now, I have to buy a new dry erase board! Causes permanent stains.
This is a good little fax machine, however, you cannot fax very large quanites at once. I would say no more than 10, which is fine if it is not being used as your only fax. It does fax quickly and is very easy to use. ******Update*********DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. Shell out the extra money to get something better, I would not recommend a brother fax machine. Ever. The ribbon goes out after making maybe 20 copies, which takes forever, by the way. I will be trying to get my money back. As I said before, you can fax up to ten pages, sometimes. When this piece of junk has a mind to, or so it seems. I bought a Cannon 3-in-1 fax, printer, scanner and love it! So worth the extra money! This fax machine is not even reliable, because it says the fax goes through, but then it actually does not. This happened to me on more than one occasion. You have been warned!!!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. P. S. Here's an added nugget. Brother customer service will NOT assist you when they find out you have non-brother replacement part. Example, a non brother ink or non brother drum. While I did not call Brother customer service with this fax, the brother printer I had would not install properly to my computer, and once they knew I had a non Brother ink cartridge in, they refused to help me. They said they could not guarantee that the printer would function properly, without a brother ink. If you have looked at prices for Brother brand ink and other printer replacements, you can see why one would look elsewhere. And they WILL find out that you have a replacement. I did not volunteer the information, but they verify serial numbers on some parts before they will proceed with assistance. So Brother refused to help me with a non-printing related issue basically because they want you to shell out your hard earned $$$$$ for their JUNK. UPDATE 12/18/13.
Being used on a Mac. Not a smooth operating printer; loud [who cares as long as it prints], must use exactly the right paper or it clogs up and then you have the devil to pay. Tip over the machine, engage in a treasure search for the offending paper to find where it stuck, yank it out, reboot and watch the red light, and watch and wait. Highly sensitive and unforgiving; have not even tried to network it. What is the right weight of paper is anyone's guess. Heavier, better. Oportet vos: beware!
This printer is the biggest ink hog I have ever seen. It wastes all of the ink colors even if you are only printing black text. It cannot be made to print black text if it is out of ink in any of its colors. It pumps its ink out in a ritual cleaning process that you cannot limit. My favorite problem is that it has trouble grabbing a sheet of paper from the hopper. The message is "media out or not loaded correctly" will be displayed and there is no fix for it. I can have fresh paper in it and after printing several sheets in secession it will miss feed and after several miss feeds it will get back to printing. We need a lemon law for this printer. Epson R1800, The Reason Office Windows Won't Open.
I purchased this item believing it to be fully compatible with Mac OS X. However, I was unable to get it to work at all under Mac OS X 10. 4. 6--nothing but chittering feedback sounds. I emailed the manufacturer directly about the problem, and they responded, "Unfortunately we do not currently have a timeline for MAC OS X 10. 4. 6 support. We are sorry if your OS is OS X 10. 4. 6 and would like to suggest that you return the MV100 to the retailer where you purchased the MV100. " Disappointing! Not compatible with Mac OS X 10. 4. 6.
The paper used in these envelopes is cheap and flimsy. When I pulled one envelope out of the box it drooped on both sides of my fingers. These are not worth anything and do not suit my needs. Think before purchasing. Not 24 lb Paper.
So i read all the negative reviews but I said to myself, how could any company design a bad sharpener after decades of sharpeners right? Well, guess what? This is absolutley the worst sharpener i've ever encountered, but at the same time it looks great! so if you want a 2 pound paper weight then go right ahead and buy this : )I opened the box, pluged it in.. first off there is only one blade, and you'd think that sould be enough rihgt? well, it turns out, it only sharpens one side of the pencil exposing the lead tip… so you figure you could just rotate while you sharpen right? but you can't because you have to push so hard that the pencil will slip out of your fingers.. what a pain. So after trying this for 5 pencils, on my 6th pencil (none of the tips were cut correctly) it stapped sharpening pencils all together! So i returned it. I'm gonna fork over about $50 for a double blade sharpener like I should have to begin with. Don't say you wasen't warned. Wow, how could anyone mess up a pencil sharpener?
The Good:It's powerful. And it's quiet, for a pencil sharpener. So it lives up to that part of its promise. The Bad:It's hard to keep pencils from spinning as I hold them in the sharpener. The motor and blades aggressively shake the pencil from side to side, and you need a Kung-Fu grip to hold on. I could deal with that, since the powerful motor and sharp blades at least work quickly. However, every pencil that goes in this machine comes out with one side of the point still covered with wood and the other side very deeply exposing the lead. I have another pencil sharpener that never does this, and I tried the same pencils on both my regular sharpener and this one, so I know it's the machine and not the pencil. Also, the shavings tray is pretty small. The Ugly:Actually, this is one of the most attractive pencil sharpeners I've seen. It has everything going for it… if only it could sharpen a pencil properly. Shimmies while sharpening.
I use a different style letter opener at work and feel in love with it. I ordered this and was disappointed that I tears the envelope instead of 'opening' it. Would not recommend! Did I order a paper shredder?
I had this printer for 20 months and used it very rarely. Even before the starter toner cartridge ran out, the printer died. One day it just stopped printing, the thing got very, very hot (burned my fingers) and died. I'll never buy another Samsung printer. Piece of junk.
Edited to say that they no longer support Macintosh very well, so I've gone back to the Smart Label printers, which are awesome! They are easy to use and totally no-hassle. Dymo has been a completely full-hassle experience for the last several years. I've spent money on 3 machines only to have them stop working, with no way to fix them, because they are no longer supported. I won't make that mistake again. Previously I had written:I use my Dymo LabelWriter for the normal tasks such as making labels for mailing envelopes, file labels, etc. My friends and family (and people in stores) laugh when they see me pull out my 'notes' which are all on labels. My grocery list is on labels. My LIFE seems to be printed on labels in one way or another. People could read my labels and get a good idea of who I am and what I do. When my LabelWriter wears out, I'll be getting another Dymo LabelWriter to replace it. It just doesn't wear out though. My Dymo LabelWriter Does Everything I Need Plus!
I bought this because I do a lot of packing because I send a lot of care packages to my family between the ones that are in the military, overseas or out of state and because I sell things on eBay as well. I was looking for something that would make my life much easier when packing a box/parcel and would help me tape boxes much faster, well to say the least this definitely does not do that! I used it several times and tried my best to mess around with it so I can give it a chance but that did not change my opinion one bit, I was going to return it because it frustrated me so much but instead I threw it away which made me much happier. My first problem with this would be that probably because I have small delicate hands this thing was way to cumbersome and clunky for me to be able to manoeuvre around as smoothly and quick as I wanted/liked. My next issue would be the setting that you can &#34;tighten or loosen&#34; as much as you like/need the tape when packing something… Politely put that is nonsense! It is either way too tight making it possible to even pull the tape and in some cases even ripping it or its way to loose and the tape just goes everywhere, there are bubbles instead of smooth lines, the lines are all over the place instead of a straight consistent line and the negative list here is endless. The balance of the head compared to the handle is way off making you excrete even more effort to keep it straight, pull, cut, etc. and making your wrist feel like it will pop out of place any moment. Another extremely annoying issue with this tape dispenser is the impossible task of actually cutting tape where you want/need it to. I would not consider this a safety feature for any age because from where I was standing it was more of a safety hazard and a threat rather than a convenient safe feature as they advertise it. The only cool thing about this tape dispenser is the shark design and grey color which makes it stand out from the rest of the standard ones. I would never recommend or buy this again! Just OK!
This thing is awful. The (Macintosh) software that comes with it is infuriating. The install process installs 5 programs, each of which asks for the same information, install drive, several "next" clicks and something I've never seen -- after each install you must confirm to exit that installer. Try as I might I couldn't get anything but dark, washed, grainy scans. I tried a software package called VueScan which was able to produce semi-reasonable scans where were merely dark and washed. However there was quite a lot of fringing, so much so that the software could not auto-crop correctly due to fringing which it detected as part of the image. I think this is a case of you get what you pay for. Horrible Little Thing.
My employee bought eight of these things less than six months ago. One of them works. It no longer &#34;snaps&#34; the staple. When you push it down it just gently feeds a staple out the end. SEVEN of them are dead. WASTE OF MONEY Its Junk.
Dymo's website has a software download for Intel power Macs - this software does not work at all - even though the Mac "sees" the Dymo sitting on a USB port it cannot print to it - after a friendly geek struggled with it for the better part of a hour it finally decided to print labels - even the geek does not know what he did to make it print - so - if it goes down - it goes to my physical trash bin - get with it DYMO - Macs are taking over the computer world Intel Powered Mac? - forget Dymo printers.
I've been through about four Dymo label printers. On the good side: these thermal printers do the job quickly and easily. I like the Dymo software; it gets better all the time with every version. It allows you to (reasonably) customize labels, including putting a small graphic on your shipping label. The labels, though not inexpensive, are readily available from office supply houses and even online from postage services such as Endicia. You can now do internet postage, essentially printing your own stamps. You can also use it to create file labels, and other thermal labels; however, be warned that thermal labels eventually brown up and fade, so I'd suggest something like aBrother PT1290 Home and Office Labelerfor more permanent labeling. On the bad side; these printers are not durable nor particularly well-designed. Once they break, they are nearly impossible to fix. I'm a fairly good fixer-upper, and these just frost my, well, you know what. I enjoyed my Twin Turbo until the small metal lever on the right side refused to re-seat into its slot. This lever opens the roller to allow you to feed in new labels. I managed to reseat the lever, but then the labels fed improperly, and dug down under the roller and spun around, wrapping tightly around the roller. It was impossible, even removing the front, to remove the roller and peel back the wrapped labels. Then the lift lever failed. The printer was officially… hosed. I'd forgive this ONCE, but every Dymo printer I've owned has eventually crapped out in under a couple of years. They are just not durable. I'm bummed, because I loved this one --it let me feed three part postal labels with delivery confirmation on the left, and internet stamps on the right. Very handy. I have not tried the 450 version of this model, and I hope it is better because this one was pretty feeble. I guess I'd summarize by saying, they are great while they last. And I will probably buy another one, possibly theDYMO LABELWRITER 450 Label Printer,(1752264), USB, PC/MAC, Printer and Software, 51 Labels Per Minute, black/silver. , if I can find one on sale because they are dead useful. Mine is in the trashcan this very moment.
As a computer consultant, this is such a pet peeve. Printer companies selling printers at megacheap prices so you can be gouged with ink. This has 5 mL of ink in this cartridge. Now, check out the HP 56 cartridge -- 19 mL for about the same price. Remember, it's the same product inside -- ink. Think about it, if you buy this cartridge, you are getting $6 worth of ink for $20ish. Each new cartridge would be $14 you could have spent on a better printer. Consumer deception!
Although the quality of the ink is good, this cartridge holds only 5 mL of ink. 5 mL capacity is way too small.
Not worth the MOOLA or the MONEY!! these ink cartridges are substandard way of forcoing people to keep H. P. rich selling INK… We all know there is a fuel shortage?.. But an INK shortage?.. Only with H. P. See previous review.
I am very disspleased with H. P. ink cartridges. They run through Ink like Crazy Horse Ran through Custer at the little big horn. in aboyut the time it takes a hungry man to eat his dinner. because H. P. has cut down the size of the ink cartridges. I will never buy another HP printer as I amm really ired of dropping $30. 00 a pop for ink. and my m,achine has two carytrdiges both are always over $30. 00 each do $60. 00 for ink… Nie Wieder or translated?… "never again" H. P. Ink.
This 3M adjustable Gel Wrist Pad is the WR421LE model which measures 7 1/2 by 10' and is made of rigid grey colored anti-microbial material which the manufacturer claims will inhibit bacteria growth and slow its degradation. This material is also supposed to cut down on energy costs and battery usage. It has a comfortable black leatherette wristrest that must be attached to the mouse pad and rubber feet that must be attached to the bottom to give it a front or back tilt. This is well made and may work for you, however I have the following observations. The mouse pad must be completely assembled with special pre-cut Velcro-type tape and the instructions are abstract diagrams which I found less than helpful. I had a very difficult time assembling it and if you screw up there are no extra little pieces of tape to correct one's error. While I do spend extended time on my lap top, I do not have carpel tunnel syndrome and so it had a rather uncomfortable and unnatural angle for me. I have ended up continuing to use my old low-tech mouse pad but I did unattached the wristrest which is now resting at the bottom of the mouse pad and it works really well. As for energy savings, I have never replaced the battery in my ancient Logitech mouse and so I don't see battery life as much of an issue here and I have never really considered mouse use to be an energy vampire. Not so great.
I can spend $100 on a new cartridge for my NEC laser printer, and get 2 years use out of it. OR, I can spend $25 on THIS cartridge for my Canon printer, and get two WEEKS out of it. Do the math. Canon ought to be ashamed of offering a product with so little actual output per dollar. Generally I LIKE Canon products a lot (e. g. their cameras) and so I am shocked at the short life of this cartridge. Runs out FAST.
This is a terrible product. It didn't even fit into my printer. My printer is listed as the compatible printers. Check and make sure before you buy. terrible.
The other 1-star reviews are right: this printer has serious problems feeding paper. Right out of the box, it had trouble feeding paper and often displayed an "out of paper" error message when paper was in the tray. I was able to get the printer to work most of the time by reloading paper and/or pressing OK multiple times, but eventually the printer just refuses to feed paper from the letter-size tray at all. I should note, the paper is HP-brand, specifically for use with this printer. It's too bad, because otherwise the printer is great: fantastic print quality, outstanding speed, very easy setup for both Windows and Mac OS X. But all of this matters little when it won't feed the paper… read the 1-star reviews: it really won't feed paper.
This product is VERY &#34;flimsy&#34;; there is no back and the drawers slide out and spills contents when you pick the cabinet up. I would not recommend this, even at the very low price, and returned this. Bargus.
I had to send it back. One of the articulating arms wasn't working properly so I could not adjust the height of the monitor. poor design.
these labels are WAY expensive and not very sticky. I have since moved to plastic envelopes with a mega-sticky back (like the kind fedex uses for airbills). I simply print the addressee info and insert in the evnvelope. MUCH cheaper and safer, and what you print out is protected from water, unlike these Avery labels. It's an antiquated solution. time to move on! not very sticky, old fashioned solution now.
Have not used this cartridge so I am not rating this re-manufactured ink cartridge for its print quality. My rating reflects my dissatisfaction with this vendors deceptive advertising. This vendor is selling re-manufactured cartridges and most people wouldn't know it by looking at the items web page. What I have learned, if the item description doesn't say OEM it isn't an Epson manufactured ink cartridge. I think if a vendor is selling re-manufactured ink cartridges it should be in the item description! Some will say the price should tell you it is not OEM but a lot of vendors list a low price to draw customers and then recoup there losses with an elevated shipping cost! Not OEM.
I tried it on carpet, wooden floors, and ceramic tiles. The doorstop just slipped with the door. I returned it. Maybe someone else would have better luck with it. It just slid with the door.
This cork board is very thin cork on a piece of cardboard, held together in a particle board frame. If any portion of the frame gets damaged the bulletin board is useless. If one corner gets damaged, the frame won't hold together. I thought cork boards were pretty standard, so I was pretty floored by how cheaply this one is made. Pass on this one. Look for one with a real wood frame… Very Poorly Made.
This thing is made out of cardboard. The frame is some kind of composite something that broke in transit. It's held together with metal pieces that don't go back together it they break. Complete and utter waste. Poorly made.
I would never, ever purchase this again, or recommend it to a friend. It's light as a feather, and flimsy as can be. It even arrived chipped. Quartet actually gives you real hardware to anchor this POC to the wall! Funny… To further prove it's low quality, my cat scratched it once and it easily ripped open. This thing is cheap. Garbage.
This product is defective! The adhisive on this magnetic tape would not stick to anything and I tried it on 10 different surfaces. This product is also old and brittle, It cracked just trying to un-roll it. Buyer Be Ware!
I bought this for my office desk at work. I thought it looked so cool. It came pretty much assembled for you, but the quality is poor. It's really flimsy and doesn't sit flat. Next time, I'll just go to the store and pick out a good one. Flimsy!
This sharpener is garbage. I purchased it for my classroom. I don't allow the children to use it because I was afraid they would mess it up. Myself and another teacher sharpens the pencils every morning for our class. I purchased this in September 2011 and this is only Feburary 2012. The shapener is not working already. This was just too soon providing only adults have been using it. We handle it with care. So I would not waste my money on this product. However, on a better note, Amazon did deliver this product quick. No reflection on amazon, but the product is just garbage. Don't buy this sharpener. I can't afford to keep wasting money especially living on a teachers salary. If anyone knows of a good heavy duty sharpener, please let me know. This is my 4th sharpener I have purchased. sharpener.
I thought this was going to be a kind of shelving system, but really it's just a set of boxes with pull-out drawers that can be stacked on top of each other. The "steel plus" in the product's name refers to one measly little square of metal that you stick into the box for limited support. Assembly of the boxes is not quite clear until you struggle with a box or two to figure out what's supposed to be done. Overall, when it comes to file storage, even if you're in a temporary location and need portability, I would not recommend this as an option. Just Cardboard Boxes, Basically.
First, I really wanted to love this phone. It had every single feature that I wanted, plus more. However, after about 3 months the button-wheel (not sure what to call it, the round selector thing in the middle) stopped working when I pressed up. Then a few days later it stopped working when I pressed down. Then it stopped working all together. This is a huge inconvenience. Then the same thing started to happen on the second one. As of right now, the only way I can view caller id numbers is from the base. So I called Uniden. The customer service rep I spoke with was very snide and rude. She told me that these phones needed to be rebooted frequently like a computer (which should not be the case with a phone) because its "digital". We tried rebooting the handset, and it did not work. She told me they would send me new ones if I paid $10 in shipping in handling. I asked her how I would know the same thing wouldn't happen to the new phones (since it had happened to BOTH my handsets) and she said it wouldn't. I then asked her, well what if it does, and she said I wouldn't have to pay again if happened again, but after 6 months I would have to pay. I asked her why six months and she said, oh that's just an "example". I then asked to speak to a supervisor,and she said you don't need to speak to a supervisor. I asked 4 more times to speak to a supervisor, and she flat out refused. I asked for her name, and she hung up on me. The ironic part, is that if my click button wheel was working, I could have recorded the call and let Uniden hear it. But ahhh , it doesn't. At this point I don't want to keep putting money into a lemon, (paying the $10 every few months) as I am convinced these phones putz out after a while. Not to mention, I am never buying a Uniden again because of the poor customer service. Don't let the features and brand name fool you. Buyer Beware Handsets start to malfunction after several months.
We have the Uniden cordless phone, and recently had some problems with the battery lasting less than a day on a charge. Consequently, I tried to call customer service, however Uniden only offers email customer service. I finally found a Texas number for them where one has to pay to call themThis is a far cry from Panasonic or Sony which both offer free, toll-free support. Apparently, Uniden is too cheap to offer a toll-free support number, and they want you to pay for the phone call. To add insult to injury, when I did finally call their pay support number, I had to wait twenty minutes for someone to answer. Simply pathetic. I would avoid this company. Apparently Uniden does not want to put any money towards customers, so why should customers pay for their phones? No Customer Service!
We have the Uniden cordless phone, and recently had some problems with the battery lasting less than a day on a charge. Consequently, I tried to call customer service, however Uniden only offers email customer service. I finally found a Texas number for them where one has to pay to call themThis is a far cry from Panasonic or Sony which both offer free, toll-free support. Apparently, Uniden is too cheap to offer a toll-free support number, and they want you to pay for the phone call. To add insult to injury, when I did finally call their pay support number, I had to wait twenty minutes for someone to answer. Simply pathetic. I would avoid this company. Apparently Uniden does not want to put any money towards customers, so why should customers pay for their phones? No Customer Service!
Product is mislabeled. The product all works perfectly. I have no problems with that. When I purchased I thought I was getting 128 CD Labels. However it IS NOT 138 CD Labels. You Get: 30 CD Labels - 30 Multiple Use Labels - 30 Jewel Case Spines - 30 Mini CD Label. That is 120 total mix, not CD Labels. They do not even total 138. Caution 5/10 Maker Is Good (ONLY).
For some reason Canon has not gotten with the program. Brother, HP and most of the other companies realize that a lot of people have home networks, and as a result people do not want an old-fashioned printer that needs an expensive print server to setup. It would be nice if Canon got this message as well since this printer is no good for networks when for the same price I can get an HP that does everything the MP830 does and can work wirelessly over a network. Also this Canon eats ink. If you plan on getting it you better get ready for frequent store runs. Not Networkable!
My husband and I have been using this printer for about a year now, and at least twice a week we say, this is the worst printer we've ever owned. The paper often goes through the printer at an angle, no matter what one does to keep it straight. This means that pictures and letters often print crooked on the page. In addition, the paper often crunches through the printing process creating an edge that is bent, scraped and deformed. If a person has normal sized arms, he/she can't reach the feed tray without getting up from the chair. Since the feed tray doesn't hold much paper, this leads to lots of unexpected exercise. Last, after a few months this printer started printing two normal lines of text and then two lines of light text all the way through every page. All the cleaning and changing of cartridges have not changed this flaw. We don't want to spend the money to get it fixed (if it's even possible) because we plan to replace this printer as soon as we possibly can. Maybe we just got a lemon. But I won't buy Canon again for awhile. Terrible quality.
Too light, with the Kodak name, you expect better. The paper curled so much it was difficult to feed into my printer. if you left some in the printer overnight forget it. It won't feed. HP is much better product Curls Badly.
Bought two of them at the same time for use in seminars--units (both) failed to work. Returned both to Amazon. Will try another brand--don't waste your $. Total Junk.
The old clich&eacute; you get what you pay for is true in this case. I ordered one, didn't work (laser pointer), returned to Amazon, got another one and it wouldn't work either (advance nor backup) the slides. Returned it and ordered the Logitech presenter. Targus wireless presenter.
After two weeks of waiting I was informed that I would not be getting this product. I think I got a refund. Not sure though. Product never arrived.
While the printer has worked moderately well, the cost of ink is outrageous. Making disposable printers and inflated ink cartridges is only bad for the business of America but it also leads to tremendous amounts of electronic waste. That is to say, HP has chosen a business model that benefits itself (temporarily) but harms the rest of society. Of course, HP's main goal is to fight price transparency. Yet, this only goes so far. Outrageous HP Ink ripoff - pay as you go scam is bad for America.
Excellent Printer TERRIBLE Software. The included editing software is barely usable. You cannot cut and paste text from another application into your labels. Text will usually printout lower than what a shown in the editor. A job that looks perfect on your display using 'print preview' will look different when actually printed. Be prepared for lots of wasted tape. I have the latest software from brother (3. 2c), which only shows compatibility with older, obsolete operating systems. If you want to use the printer 'stand-alone' you will probably be happy. The included editing software reminds me of Mac OS 6 or Windows 3. 1 Excellent Printer TERRIBLE Software.
I bought this labeler several years ago and had to replace it with another model due to the ridiculous waste of batteries. As many others have written, you can get only a few labels before the batteries are exhausted. That's just a really poor design. I purchased a Brother rechargeable model that's vastly superior. Needs an AC connection.
I like several of the features on this, but its waste of batteries makes it of very little use. Because it is programmed to keep the date and time current, it is never really "off. " I used it once a week for the first few weeks, but found that it needed new batteries every couple of weeks. Now, I have to take out the batteries each time I put it away. That's rather annoying, but not as annoying as having to reset the date & time each time I power it up again, because it won't let you proceed with labeling until you enter date, time, language, etc. It gets used two to four times per YEAR now. Maybe if I ever find a power cord for it I would use it more, but the power cord will likely be as much as I paid for the labeler 5 years ago ($28). Plus, it will likely require resetting each time I plug it in, which would still be annoying. The main reason I had bought it was because I had tapes leftover from my older, broken model. When i went to use them, though, the tapes had dried out and couldn't be used! I should have returned when I had the chance. Prints well & has a few different print styles. Battery eater.
The height is spring-operated and adjusted by tightening or loosening a screw. Unfortunately, the adjustment doesn't work very well and it always keeps inching higher--hard on your neck if that is a problem for you. It rotates well enough, though. Doesn't adjust well.
I don't understand why we have to pay such high prices for printer ink. Someone somewhere with the knowledge of such things needs to start some sort of organized protest to this gouging. It is unacceptable to print 8 photos and have to pay for more way overpriced Ink. If it were not for landfill issues it is often cheaper to buy a new printer then buy ink for it. It is what it is, overpriced.
I own the XP-310 Epson printer, not this model. However, there is some corporate greed technology in the XP-310 that is most likely in all of their printers. I actually really liked my Epson printer until it came time to replace the ink cartridges. I always look at the replacement cartridge prices before I buy, and the Epson were cheap. However, I soon found out that the minds at Epson went to VERY great lengths to make sure you can use only genuine, way-over priced genuine Epson cartridges in their printer. The aftermarket cartridges won&#8217;t be &#8220;recognized&#8221; by the printer, and even the empty refillable cartridges won&#8217;t work either. Don&#8217;t bother with the bottles of ink to refill your existing Epson cartridges, for that won&#8217;t work either. I could have bought 4 black and 2 each of the other three colors for $14 for the aftermarket products. Instead, the cheapest I could find for the same 10 Epson cartridges cost over $80. Actually they weren&#8217;t the same, the aftermarket were the larger capacity (model 200XL) where the Epson cartridges at $80 were the smaller capacity (model 200). Maybe other or even all other printer makers do this same thing, as I don&#8217;t buy printers often. In the mean time I will have my old Canon printer repaired and use the Epson only for scanning and copying. corporate greed technology.
I don't really use my printer that much so when I started having problems I went online to return it only to find out that AFTER 30 days - you can't. Parts that were supposed to be fit together at the factory or wherever weren't. So after doing 4 repairs and the last one was beyond me, I tried to return it- no such luck. So I went directly to Epson and bought it from them, same model, same supplies but no problem. Buyer Beware! fell apart AFTER 30 days!
I would not recommend this scale at all. It worked for a few months and then it just stopped responding to buttons when I pushed them. The detachable face plate feature is handy but it doesn't really help things if the scale doesn't work. Very frustrated and I would not buy another product from this manufacturer again. Do not Buy - It's as Easy as That!
I owned my first HP 12C for at least 15 years. This new Chinese-made version lasted less than one year. The enter key no longer works making the calculator worthless. This calculator is very expensive if it becomes worthless in less than one year. I will have to buy another one because I love to use this calculator and find it difficult to use any other. Hopefully the shoddy construction is just a fluke. Not what it used to be.
Nothing like ordering a new pencil and getting one with a sticker on it thrown in a sizable box with some air packets, like it is some sort of second hand item or return? Upon analyzing the pencil the first thing I noted was that where the clip mechanism locks into the barrel it is held by a plastic recess… this metal clip being opened and closed a lot upon plastic material just does not bode well for the plastic parts. Upon taking the tip off and the grip there is plastic threads and plastic barrel underneath a metal "skin". Pretty much a metal veneer of sorts all along this pencil. I would think metal on plastic threads would not tend to hold up for a long length of time. My conclusion is this pencil while looking quite nice on the exterior, the quality and durability of basically plastic guts just will not stand the test of time. I see Pentel selling lots of these due to the durability issues, sadly another company that has always made products I have used and liked over the years has stepped quality down a notch. The design of plastic plastic threading/click mechanism being used against metal just defies common sense to me. They should have went the step further and maybe charged a buck or two more for a far superior product. Looks good, metal on plastic is never a great idea though.
I bought this toner in a 'package' deal with my fax… problem is that I was ripped off by over $8. 00 shipping that was separate from the free shipping I got for my fax. I'm not happy about this and I recommend NOT buying the toner and fax together… they'll rip you off with the shipping cost… over $8. 00 to ship a toner that weighs a few ounces, Amazon should be ashamed and not let this happen! A little tricked and don't like it!
Had it for about 1month now, so far so good, everything detailed is accurate, I wish it's a little more heavy duty so it sits tigher on the desk. That's a personal preference though I'm sure if it's dropped it'll do less harm. Update: after 1-2month it broke, with probably 2 uses a week. It's past my return period so it's just a waste of money now. So far so good/Terrible now.
I have purchased quite a bit of bubble wrap on Amazon, and I must say this is the worst I have ever tried! Not only did it ship in a flimsy plastic bag, which had several holes in, but the bubble wrap itself is very flimsy. The perforations are extremely hard to find, the the overall quality is just really cheep. I would not by this again! Worst Bubble Wrap Ever!
I ordered these with the intent they would be a good size for mailing small ointment tubes or small vitamin jars for my online OTC sales. Unfortunately these have no give to them so there's no way I could squash something in here without the risk that it will tear throughout the mailing process. These are very much a cheap material, so a soaking rain could destroy whatever product you are sending to your customer. I don't recommend this product. Useless.
This is the second time I have ordered form this company. The first time they sent me the craft mailers as advertised. The second time they sent me mailers from a company called 'CPI'. THESE MAILERS ARE SMALLER THAN THE KRAFT. ORDER AT YOUR OWN RISK. THIS WAS NOT WHAT WAS ORDERED.
This stapler works fine, doesn't jam. But, it is so loud!! The noise scares my old dog. I'm getting rid of this thing pronto! LOUD!!
I have two of the larger staplers by this company and think they are the best I've ever used. Sadly, the smaller one is defective. Since it was a gift for my 80 year old parents, we didn't discover it was defective until it was too late to return. Defective.
This stapler gave me about 2 months of good use and then it started to malfunction badly. I tried everything and finally threw it in the garbage after 2 months. Rediculous Stopped working.
Short and simple. This product just doesn't work. No beyond that. After properly inserting. Batteries and confirming that the shaving collector was snapped securely into place I eagerly put in my first pencil and waited. Sadly nothing happen. I reinserted the batteries and got ready to sharpen pencils to my hearts content. But even though the shaving blade spun nothing happen to the pencil. Long story short. Pencil sharpened didn't work ended up sharpening 72 pencils nona old wall mount pencil sharper that's older then I am. Proof positive that you get what you pay for and that low tech works out in a pinch.. BAD.
Ok here's the deal… This worked with the first set of batteries, but the subsequent purchases proved to be futile since, no matter which battery I purchased, nothing worked. The sharpener was less than $10. The batteries have cost me almost $18, and, as I mentioned, it only worked with the first set, about 5 days, and now no longer works. They sent me a second, which worked not at all (it was missing the metal lead). It cost me nothing to get it replaced. but… Buy electric, that is what I finally did and it works great. As for X-acto, buy their products. They stand behind them and have GREAT costumer service. Dianne Schuch Lindsey dlschuch at Salon. com (Open Salon) X-acto/Elmers. Not so good.
This scanner is okay as far as the quality of images goes; nothing fabulous, but not bad for the price, either. However, the software that comes with the scanner is absolutely terrible. (I am using the software for Mac OS X, so maybe it's different for Windows users. ) Some of the many glaring flaws:- There is an arbitrary limit of 20 characters for filenames when saving a scan. This might not seem like a big deal, but 20 characters is often not enough for a descriptive filename of any kind, especially when scanning multiple versions of a photo, for example, with different scan settings. - There is no preview mode, or any way to select a region of an image to scan. The user can only choose from a pre-set paper size, or type a custom paper size. Neither option lets you select something in the middle of the page, for example. - Application windows are filled with poorly-designed buttons of various sizes, strewn every which way, and with cryptic names. For example, in one window that comes up when the user chooses the "confirm scanned image" option, there is a button labeled "forward. " What does this mean? Well, the button does the same thing you would expect from an "OK" or "continue" button. - When scanning, the status window (showing the progress of the scan) always stays on top of all other application windows. It can't be minimized, and doesn't move to the background with the rest of the program's windows when another application or window is selected. It can be moved, but the next time it pops up, it will be right in the middle of the screen again. This means that, when scanning multiple pages, it's impossible to use the computer for anything else, because the scan progress window will keep popping up every 10 seconds and getting in the way of whatever else you are trying to view/type. - Unlike many other scanner models, this one has no ruler markings on the scanner itself. So if you need to know the dimensions of the item you are scanning--to set a custom paper size in the scanning software, for example--you'll have to have a ruler handy. Bottom line: the terrible software interface makes this scanner almost unusable for me. (The included PhotoStudio software is no better. ) It is unnecessarily complex, and some screens seem like they were translated from Japanese by someone not too familiar with English. The scanning software supplied for OS X looks and feels like a 1990s-era Mac Classic application. Incredibly, incredibly bad software. I wish I could post screenshots of some of the windows, so you'd see what I mean. UPDATE: Some minor flaws with Leopard have surfaced. The software often fails to scan, popping up an error message "failed to load driver. " It usually goes away after several re-tries. Just more annoying behavior… Okay scanner, terrible software (for Mac), some minor Leopard bugs.
When I did a search prior to purchasing, I indicated, "padded mailing bags". These came up. Guess I didn't read the fine print. No padding. Disappointed. Just thought I would let anyone know in case they expected padding. Thought these had padding.
This printer produces decent quality copies and prints. My complaint and why it only got 1 star from me is the amount of ink this sucker drinks. It is the thirstiest printer I have ever owned. And, for some reason it uses the color cartridges even when printing in black. Another thing I hate about it is you can't print if one of the cartridges, it has 4 by the way, is out even if you aren't using that color. I'm out of cyan right now and I can not print a document in black. I am going to be looking for a replacement printer soon as I will save money in the long run on ink. Where's all the ink going?
Epson continues to rip people off in droves, and there is yet to be a congressional hearing. They have to have some senator and house representatives deep in their pockets. We onlypurchased two of these (thank God) - because they drank ink worse than a broken waterpipe. We have owned almost every Epson model and every one has had issues. Thegarbage they place on the market only to bait potential customers is appalling. We havewritten these thieves many times (very politely and professionally) including emails,phone calls, and letters -- they have never answered any of our questions. Our officeshave about 18 Epson models - including this one - and they are nothing but TROUBLE. Epson has to be one of most corrupt, greedy, and just plain evil companies on the Earth. Daniel J. Tyler (The WJGroup) Epson Needs a Congressional Hearing.
Unbelievable! Ordered this a week ago. Inserted the cartridges. Used it to print 10 flyers, and the INK IS EXPENDED (? ). Epson69 is for use with heavy print requirements. I have purchased this from Epson in the past and had no need to replace cartridges for months after inserting into the printer. NEVER have I purchased cartridges only to have the computer tell me they need replacing after ONE WEEK. INK EXPENDED AFTER ONE WEEK.
This item does not hold anything ,trying to go down a flight of steps whatever is on it will slide off. I should have purchased bungee cords as well to maybe get this to work bettr. gave this item to my sister not for me.
I think this little cart would be great for someone that doesn't need to strap anything down. Like a short haul maybe from room to room. But I bought it to carry a large tacklebox, a cooler, and a bait bucket out onto a 800 ft pier. NOT GOOD. The base is flat, so if or when you try to strap things down with a bungie cord the little plastic hooks make the cart wobbly, not sitting flat. The only way to use this cart successfully is like you see in the pic, flat items NOT strapped to the bottom plate, otherwise you in for trouble. Anyways, I sent it back. Got a full refund, no questions asked. Hope this review helps some other fisherman. Not for anyone needing to use bungie cords. Cart wobbles.
I thought the retractable click was a cool idea, but unfortunately you have to wait forever for these to dry or they smear. And to make matters worse, the color does not stay bright and vivid. Things I had highlighted at the beginning of the semester were significantly faded by the end of the semester. I would not suggest anyone buy these. These smear.
The tape I received had only one side. I was disappointed and returned it which Amazon credited money back to my account. Amazon is great for backing the products sold on their site. I will try Home Depot next. One Sided.
Terrible! Ordered on Aug 7th and still have not received. Have a feeling Amazon is selling product that they do not have. Make sure yourpurchase is in stock. Amazon's prices are great, but one can sell product they do not have for any price! Still have not received product.
This cartridge was either defective or a counterfit. I suspect counterfit as packaging and lable while it said epson, was different from actual epson parts. The printer would not recognize it at all. Took it out and replaced it with a known "Epson Genuine Cartridge" and printer works fine. Amazon, to thier credit, accepted the return and gave a refund. Buyer Beware.
One might go so far as to wonder whether the representations made on this product page constitute outright fraud. The product I received was NOT as it is shown on this page. I did not receive Epson brand cartridges in the box, unopened, as shown. What I received were six cartridges, wrapped three to a package. So each cartridge was not individually wrapped, as is the case with cartridges ordered from Epson directly. Once the package is opened to be able to use one cartridge, the other two must sit opened, with only the tape on the ink port to protect against drying out. The six included a black cartridge, which the enclosed note said was a "freebie" because, while the company assured me these are original Epson cartridges, to "reduce packaging", they were being sent wrapped as they were. I had misgivings, but the cartridges DID have the Epson logo on them, looked like the others I've been accustomed to, so I put them in my cartridge drawer to use as needed. The first cartridges I've used seemed to go much faster than normal, without a corresponding increase in my customary printing load. Then, today, I went to replace two additional cartridges… certain colors don't seem to get used as much, so replacement rates vary (one of the reasons I love having an inkjet that allows for colors to be replaced individually, rather than as an integrated unit is that you always end up wasting ink on the multi-color single cartridge types). I used two of the cartridges that had been sitting, unwrapped, in the drawer, because I had already used one of the cartridges in the three-pack. What a nightmare… the ink didn't flow, wasted paper, seven head cleanings… I FINALLY got ink flowing, but I'm now left with black ink flecks all along the paper. I don't have this problem with inks I order directly from Epson or that I receive in the original equipment packaging. I really have to wonder what the deal is with these cartridges… are they refilled, remanufactured ink cartridges and simply not identified as such? Regardless of the answer, I WON'T be ordering these again. NOT RECOMMENDED Misrepresented product.
These "Epson" Ink Cartridges were rejected by 2 of our Epson Artisan 50 printers. As A Matter offact - The printers have not accepted any new "Genuine" Epson cartridges since July 2010 and aregathering dust. Daniel James Tyler Rejected.
the pens are used they also did not arrive when they were supposed to they came two days after they were supposed to be here and they sent it u. p. s to columbus you are in illinois i am in newcomerstown ohio why not just send it u. p. s to me then when they sent it to the post office it didn't update at all until it was about to be delivered the picture and what i got don't really look the same but then again it wasn't a great picture didn't even show an individual pen so you could see what you were getting the whole thing was a big mess an im glad it over i will never buy anything from tnt deals again not a good experience used pens.
This is the first time I've had a stapler for a large number of pages. It was a pleasure to use. Then it simply fell apart. I have to reassemble this to get it to work each time. I will throw it away when I get a new stapler. Can't recommend it. Crapped out after about 20 uses.
Like another reviewer, I too must have received a defective batch as the tape simply would not stick. Every single roll was entirely worthless. It all ended up in the garbage. No stick, every roll ended up in the garbage.
I don't know what is going on with this packaging tape, but it isn't sticky! I have gone through two rolls wrapping just a few packages because the tape doesn't stick to anything except itself. I don't know what the problem here is, but definitely DO NOT buy this product. I thought it was a fluke, but this is the second time this has happened to me ordering this product! This is TAPE - isn't it supposed to be sticky?
This packing tape will stick to nothing. Often when tape refuses to stick to the box, one can wrap it around to meet itself because it will stick to itself. This won't. I don't know what has happened to 3 M Company, but I will never again buy their packing tape. Awful!
We had to return due to the colors being too much. Yeah.. thought that was the point only to find out the boss said no. Nothing wrong with them. I personally would have been happy with them. Returned.
Swingline Optima PowerEase Reduced Effort Stapler in Black (S7087850A) -- in the picture this stapler looks nice and compact -- but it is huge!!!!!!!!!!!! Swingline Optima PowerEase Reduced Effort Stapler in Black (S7087850A).
I tried to find a cheaper replacement for my old worn out Epson 3800 but this proved to be a really crappy printer compared to the Epson. I had another Canon photo printer years ago and the same problems happened back then that are still happening with this new one. The ink color is good for about 20 days then they seriously start to degrade with colors bleeding on the paper making your image seem blurry and inky also they turn really really yellow and fade. I use only OEM Canon inks and Premier Premium Luster paper. I sell my work and like last time I used Canon this will cost be a lot of money in replaced photos. NOT HAPPY! I am presently trying to return it but I no longer have the box. I just ordered a new Epson 3880 for over 1200. 00, a lot more money but at least it had a 250. 00 rebate and I know my images will not fade. I have images I printed on my Epson 3800 and 2200 that are still perfect after 6 years. There is NO COMPARISON between Canon and Epson's lasting image quality, Epson is by far the best. This will be my very last Canon Photo printer however, I still like their document printers just fine. If you sell your stuff by an Epson, period. Inks bleed and turn yellow on paper JUNK.
Made with cheap materials and comes in MANY, MANY pieces to put together. Nothing seems to fit square and when it is together I noticed that the shelf actually bows from just one ream of paper on it and the top, where I put my Konica magicolor 2500 printer, seems to also bow down the top from the weight of the printer. So pretty much worthless. Do not buy this stand… I'm going to either trash it or let it be in a corner for little trinkets that don't weigh hardly anything. What a waste of time and effort putting it together. Scoot Desk-Side Printer Stand.
When buying this, make sure these are OEM and new products and not the outdated and remanufactured type or you will be sending them back like I did. Make sure you are getting new cartridges!!
Without reading my whole review, here is the key: when you buy ink directly from Amazon, you can expect to receive exactly what you ordered. If, on the other hand, your order is sold by somewhere/someone else but "fulfilled by Amazon), buyer beware. These seem to result in a lot of expired ink being sold. I ordered a 2 pack of HP ink (#56 and #57). The product page shows a stock photo of an HP 56/57 combo pack. As soon I opened the brown Amazon box, I knew there was a problem. The cartridges were not in their HP box as pictured, but in their sealed HP foil packets. I have run into this before with sellers on Amazon. Some sellers claim they discard the box to reduce shipping weight. What they really mean is "I discard the box to hide the expired date on the box. "I can see from the coding on the foil package and the expiration date on the 2 cartridges I purchased show that they expired 7 1/2 YEARS AGO, in September and October of 2005, respectively! This is not the first time I have run into this issue with HP ink fulfilled through Amazon. When you but these ink products and get fresh ink, they are great, but when it is old, HP doesn't warranty it for performance or leaks, and many printers reject it altogether as they have firmware which reads the cartridge and sees it is old. Be Very Careful When Buying Ink FULFILLED By Amazon.
As with all ink, way too costly for way too little ink. If not for the space in landfills I would rather buy a new printer for less then the cost to buy new ink. As with all ink.
Even at Amazon's lower price, this ink costs $7,480. 00 per gallon. How can anyone have anything positive to say about such robbery? This is not Amazon's fault; in fact, Amazon offers this ink at the lowest price I have found. I guess it could be worse as some Epson inks price out to over $20,000. 00 per gallon. Thanks Amazon for doing what you can to help. At $7,480. 00 A Gallon, Leaves A Lot To Be Desired.
The listing I see here is FIVE pens each a different color. Granted the written description says a green pen BUT it is very easy when in a hurry to think this is a listing for FIVE pens and order. I own all these pens and was tempted for a minute or so until it occured to me too many for too little. Ususally what is in the picture is what is for sale. These are good pen. I own all of them and was tempted to buy more if this was all shown. My stars are for the listing not the pens. False Advertusing?
I gave this one star because I was a little disappointed that the Amazon didn't let me know or whoever was supposed to let me know that the that the P Touch printer that I bought wouldn't take a power adapter other than that I have no idea because I never got a chance to use it thank you. Bjwolf to whom it may concern on the Amazon review board.
Horrid piece of junk. Not to mention you can't find the labels anywhere local. This thing zaps the life out of batteries in just a short 2 hours. I am very unhappy with this. DON'T BUY IT EVEN IF IT IS A GOOD PRICE! Battery sucker.
This is the second set I've owned, 3 handsets per set, so 6 all together. I suspect highly that the good reviews are due to people reviewing the phone too soon after purchasing. It works great for a while and then turns to junk. Both times I've owned this phone. It's too late of course to return it and the warranty service stinks. So I get to throw the thing away and try to find a decent phone. Panasonic should be ashamed to produce this piece of junk. Be forewarned - if you buy anyway because of all the good reviews, you'll most likely be sorry. Piece of utter crap - don't be fooled by good reviews.
Speaking as a loyal Panasonic phone owner for years… I'm a bit surprised by the flood of good reviews on this phone, my experience has been the opposite. When I saw some of the negative reviews, I glanced over and then dismissed them, figuring they were just the exception based on a purchaser getting a lemon or folks that didn't understand the technology very well. The minority seems to have it right in this case. PROBLEM:The primary problem was an issue with the sound of my voice cutting in and out when I was on a call (your voice is fed back through the handset speaker normally). Many people may not realize that phones normally feedback your voice into the ear speaker until it ceases to work properly (as with these phones). When it happened, my first reaction was that the line had dropped and I would start saying "are you there, are you there? ". When the other person invariably said "yes", I began to realize it was the phone malfunctioning. Another problem is static on the phone occurring randomly on calls. We've never had that problem until these new phones were put in. I am returning the phones because of these two issues. However, there are some pretty glaring design issues I'd also like to draw your attention to. DESIGN DISAPPOINTMENTS (design points that make me wonder, with lots of frustration, what Panasonic engineers were thinking):-- Unlit keypad (I knew about this from other reviews, but seriously, previous Panasonic phones had lit keyboards, what genius decides to go backwards on a key feature like this)-- Non-dedicated key for voicemail (yes, this phone has an answering machine, but I can't buy a non-answering machine phone anymore, thank you Panasonic… they could at least recognize that a fair amount of people will use voicemail and design with that in mind, their previous phones had that)-- Cheap feel to the phone itself (felt and looked like a cheap plastic kids toy)-- Clunky menus. The menus on the handset were not natural to flow through. It is not that hard to take the time to make use and flow of menus an easy and non-confusing thing. These felt like an after-thought. The sad thing? I am going to stay with Panasonic since they still have the best quality phone in my mind, it just happens to be a phone they no longer produce and sell, the KX-TGA520M series phone. Looks like I'll be shopping eBay and Amazon marketplace. Really disappointed with the direction Panasonic is going in with their phones. Sorely disappointed.
My wife is a dentist and I purchased the l7780 (same model as l7680 but with extra paper tray attachment included) for her brand new office after seeing many glowing video reviews praising the speed and low print costs. The printer itself is a marvel, with lightning fast print output and decent color reproduction. The fax and scan functions are very quick and seem to work pretty well. Unfortunately that's where the praise ends. The HP software installation package is one of the worst I have ever seen (and that's coming from someone who has worked in the computer business for years). I needed to install the print/photo utilities on five brand new Dell XP Pro workstations that had a very simple initial configuration. The HP installation software would hang, it wouldn't clean up upon un-install, it wouldn't see the printer on the cabled ethernet network from one computer but would from another one (with firewalls turned off on all of them), and the real clincher? The stupid printer management utility is a resource hog that frequently crashes the PC with a bluescreen error or prevents logging out or shutting down. This is unaccepteable under any circumstance, but even worse since this is being used in a Dental office where the staff are dealing with patient data and expect a stable print/scan/fax experience. HP tech support is worthless. HP would rather save a few bucks and outsource the tech support and software/driver development to India than develop a product that cost $100 more and actually worked properly. Shame on you HP, you won't be getting another dollar from me. Installation issues and buggy drivers mar an otherwise decent multi function.
I live in an old school full of dry erase boards, so I have a lot of old shadowy dry erase ghosting on the boards, so I was really excited to try a product capable of removing even permanent marker by just adding water, as these purport to do. They do not. You can scrub your butt off, but they won't even remove old dry erase, much less permanent marker. The only thing they will remove is fresh dry erase, which you can already remove with anything from a kleenex to the side of your hand. Total bust. Useless for anything but fresh dry erase.
Who was the idiot who came up with the idea for whiteboards in the workplace? What exactly was wrong with blackboards and chalk? Every company I visit, no matter how how high tech or cool, has nonfunctional whiteboards. The markers are inevitably dried out - which one does not find out until they are tried, followed by a frantic search for fresh markers. This little dance is repeated a million times every day in conference rooms across America. Then the marks are impossible to clean by dry rubbing. Even at their best, whiteboard drawings look ugly compared to elegant, organic chalk on slate. But they're cheap you say? Cheap to buy maybe. But let's compare the time and motion involved in erasing a blackboard vs. whiteboard. Ready? Here we go:Need to erase blackboard. Implement the following steps:1. Rub eraser on blackboard. In a pinch, use your hand. Need to erase whiteboard. Implement the following steps:1. Root around until you find your 3M Whiteboard Eraser. Take it to breakroom sink. 2. Run water on it. 3. Your hands are now wet. Dry them with paper towels. 4. Walk back to conference room trying to hold dripping 3M Whiteboard Eraser without getting water on your clothes. 5. Wipe whiteboard with dripping 3MWE. 6. Whiteboard marks have now been, not removed exactly, but rather smeared into large wet diluted splotches. 7. Go back to breakroom for more paper towels. 8. Back to conference room to wipe up and dry whiteboard. Discard paper towels. 9. Back to breakroom to wash your hands again and dry. 10. Need to erase again? 3MWE has dried out, take it back to water faucet.. Let's see, assuming average industrial cost of a professional with overhead of $100 per hour, and we estimate the company has just spent about 25 bucks (not counting the paper towels, water and trash removal) to ERASE THE WHITEBOARD.. I hate whiteboards.
Update: Watch out for this one… I have my 27" iMac on it. A full 8lbs under the maximum. It is now sagging. I could probably cut a piece of wood and make a pier to place in the middle… but I plan on replacing this and using it with my printer… avoid getting this if your computer is (my best guess) more than 15lbs. I purchased this to use with my 27inch iMac. The iMac weights in at 30lbs so it is 10 under the max for this stand. I looked at many stands at local stores. Had trouble finding one that would give the height I needed and still be able to handle the iMac. I am 6'6" tall so I needed something with height. The stand appears to be well made. It blends in well with my glass/metal computer unit. If you are needing something for height this is it. The keyboard easily fits beneath it if you want. UPDATE: Someone had mentioned it sagged… made me hesitate on buying it… glad I took a chance. I placed a few books so that they just barely touched the middle of the underside of the stand. Now after many weeks it has not sagged at all. IT SAGS!
For the past few years, I have used Epson 2200 (first), Epson 1400, and an Epson 260 printers. Initially, they were good printers. Once I started to replace ink cartridges the $$$ began to flow. Between cleaning the print heads almost constantly and doing repeated nozzle checks, I had to think there must be some other way. I finally did have one of my 2200's serviced and the cost was about half what the printer cost; plus the nearest authorized service center is in a neighboring state (75 miles). And it didn't take long before I was back to square one on that particular printer. I put it on the street next to the garbage can and nobody even tried to pick it up. So I put it IN the can. The print heads are difficult to clean; require constant attention, and the ink is prohibitively expensive, if you purchase genuine Epson cartridges. Third party inks work, but sources change and so does the formulation apparently of the ink. This only adds to the cleaning problems. While they are working, Epson printers are great. I fiddled with them for almost 6 years. No more; purchased a pair of Canon printers. I had owned a Canon I9900 that I gave away when I decided to switch over to Epson. Ironically, the I9900 is now on its third owner and is still in service. So much for Epson. And their Technical Support is flawed as well, unless you can work directly with the FAQ section of their website. But if your question isn't on there, good luck. Epson reliability.
This is the last epson I will have die on me, never again after the fourth one was only a month old and on its first ink change. What happens:You run out of ink and replace a cartridge. This causes a nozzle cleaning cycle to run. Nozzles that were working FINE before are now CLOGGED because epson cant figure out how to purge their ink properly. They get gummed up. Epson's solution? Run another cleaning cycle - which makes the problem WORSE! They can only be fixed by a technician via complicated disassembly that costs more in labor than the darned printer is worth. This is my second dead epson in one month. They print amazing when they print right but that isn't often enough for the price. Never again, Epson… never again. Epson = Clogged Nozzles that get worse with "cleaning:".
The wrap that I was sent by one of the 3rd party sellers was not the name-brand advertised here. While the wrap has worked well enough, it was not what I paid for. I have tried several times to leave a review only to have it rejected. I am continue to be disappointed with the ever-declining quality of what used to be a good site. dishonest sellers - knock-off generic product.
All the reviews about this product HP74XL seem all about different manufacturers. I didn't even open the box and I am returning this as the company put a label over the expiration date. I bought this on 9/7/13 and it looks like under their label it says March 2013. Surely if they didn't have anything to hide they would not have covered the information. Please shop elsewhere. Julia DO NOT BUY FROM Pioneer Marketing.
Like the other Reviewer… This stool first off… comes apart easily it Snaps together! So I check it frequently! I weigh no where near the 300 pound max or the 200 pound max! It just went FLAT underneath me! FORTUNATELY it went Flat not just one side Buckled! I was VERY LUCKY I didn't break a hip, leg etc etc… It's NOW in my TRASH CAN! PLEASE be Very CAREFUL… I could NEVER recommend this Stool! Lucky I didn't Break my neck, leg etc.
Purchased in July, opened in November, DEAD!!!! Couldn't get the yellow to flow. Did not come in a box, only the foil pouch. Don't purchase from this sub-vendor. DEAD, No Yellow Ink.
I use to love HP product but in the later years the quality went down hill. I own this printer for few years and I have nothing but problems with it. I use it maybe once or twice a month. I figure, I don't print enough for me to spend a lot of money, but this thing is an absolute junk! when it decide to work it does a real nice job but it can stop working after 2 pages claiming the ink cartridge is missing… you have to open the door and re-install it, after 5 tries you might be lucky and it will print again. I have it so long that this thing keeps doing the same thing over and over! stay away!!!!!!!! nothing but problems!!!!!!
this chair is awful. ones that sell for two hundred bucks at an office supply store are much nicer. the back mesh is too tight, and the arms are too far back. don't buy this. this chair is awful. ones that sell for two.
The scanner I used in 1999 was better and easier to install than the Strobe XP 220. Installation Process from hellThe installation process was a nightmare. Brought me back memories from hardware installations dating back to 1999, nay… 1997. The scanner is connected through chunky Y cable; Y split from the power adapter for USB connection to the computer and connection to the scanner. It was cumbersome and annoying. The cable is heavier than the scanner itself and often made it tilt under the weight of it. The scanner took hours to install, 2 CDs, adding tons of bloated software to my computer and my waning patience finally snapping. After all of that, the scanner refused to work. I had no idea whether it was on since the designers of this "product" deemed an ON switch or light was unnecessary. I left the Strobe-craptastic-scanner for another day. Getting it to workA week later I returned to the task of trying to make the crap-scanner work. It will work this time, sure it will, I mused trying to fool myself into wasting more time on scanner-fail. I connected the scanner to the computer and waited for my computer to recognize it. And I waited… and waited… and kept waiting. Since there is no ON button or nice green light to let me know whether this crapshoot was even on, I went onto prodding and clicking any and all buttons McCrappy had. Alas, there was only one grey button at the side. I pressed. Nothing. Pressed again. Nothing. Pressed and Held. Nada. Finally, as if by some miracle, my computer recognized it and told me to calibrate it. I hastened with a semi-victorious hope (maybe this will work! ) and inserted the calibration page and waited… waited some more. Page aligned with the arrows? Check. Is the Crap-scanner on? No way to check. Grey button? Pressed. Nada. Check another electric plug? Nothing. Restarting the computer? Nothing worked. Finally, after the 10th unplug/plug back in of the cables… it worked!!!! So, I quickly calibrated, before it decided to bail out on me again. Then I put in a test page for scanning. SoftwareIt has an unfriendly interface. Full of useless stuff and meager setting options. Black and White scanningThe text was clear but lopsided. A LOT. I calibrated again. Lopsided again. Calibrated again and still lopsided. Black and white photo scanning had terrible quality. Color ScanningLet me laugh a bit here as I review the "color" scanning. Yes, there was color and there was scanning. Scanning the photo it looked like a pictured taken with a 1 MegaPixel camera, the ones you would find 10 years ago then scanned by a scanner of also 10 years ago. There were vertical lines running through the picture scan. It was bloody awful. Yes, I did scan on picture mode and played around with the settings to try to make It better. I checked the settings, the highest resolution was 600 dpi! (See shared pictures above. )ConclusionBloody awful crap-tastic scanner. :D Craptastic scanner.
The laminator works well enough as advertised. However, for the price, the Scotch Laminator featuredScotch TL901 Thermal Laminator 2 Roller Systemhere will do BOTH 3 mil and the thicker 5 mil sheets. This laminator only handles 3 mil sheets. We own the Scotch Laminator as well as this one and can definitely recommend the Scotch Laminator over it. Well, to be fair, it states that it can handle 5 mil sheets… as long as the 12. 5" wide mouth is fed something that is the size of an index card or smaller. Pass on this. It's ok, but for the price.
Bought it in August 2009 and by November 2009, it stopped working! No, I didn't do an extraordinary amount of shredding. In fact, I did very little. Don't recommend it. The Shredder That Dies On You.
The shredder is advertised to be able to shred CD's. After 3 or 4 CD's, the feeder jammed and it ALSO jammed the paper shredder. All I had was a piece of junk on my hands. Based on my experience, it would not even be worth the effort to have it replaced. Cannot shred CD's.
I put 4 sheets folded in half into the shredder and rather than cutting it up, this shredder only managed to mangle the pieces. I actually pulled out a part of the document the size of the palm of my hand and could easily still read the information on it, though it was punctured and torn (but still intact). Even the pieces that did managed to get "shredded" were far too large for a cross-cut shredder, in my opinion. If you want security, try another brand. Just mangled the paper.
Two shredding sessions on the first day… 10-15 minutes each. Then it died. Amazon replaced it promptly - but that one didn't work at all out of the box. Returning for a refund. I will look for another brand of shredder. First one died in less than one day. 2nd one didn't work at all.
These seem to have a problem. Most of the tear strips are loose, and when you try to seal the envelope, it will not stick, and you have to tape. Not satisfactory The glue on the back doesn't stick.
I bought this to use with my laptop at home. But there are a number of problems with it -- all of which are simple things that they should have fixed:(1) Why include a keyboard and not a mouse? I had to buy this separately. (2) Why only 3 USB parts? (3) The station needs to be plugged in to work… so the keyboard will not work when plugged into the USB port of my laptop unless I have also plugged in the adaptor. Why? Other wireless keyboards don't have this requirement. (4) My external hard drive will not work when plugged into one of the 3 ports on this device - so I had to get a separate port replicator for this. (5) The plug on the device is too short - it couldn't make the short trip from the dining room table to the wall outlet - so I had to get an adaptor. Basically, you're paying for a hunk of plastic to prop up your laptop monitor, plus a wireless keyboard, plus a fairly poor port replicator. If I had it to do over again, I would purchase the PCI docking station for home usage from Toshiba. I would lose the monitor stand, but I would be able to do more with this replicator. Toshiba PA3542U-2PRP Dynadock USB Laptop Docking Station with DVI Port Too little.
I usually love Sakura and I was excited about the colors to use on my Fuzzy Velvet Posters but these are sooo wet! They slop all over the place, you have to use a toothpick to push the paint into where you want it because if you put the pen where you want the color, it winds up everywhere BUT! I'm returning these and won't ever buy these particular ones again. Sakura is consistently wonderful but these pens suck badly. Sloppy, Wet and Disappointing.
Skip the high yield cartridges. They leak everywhere. I am going back to the low yield. I have had problems with 2 of 4 thus far, and I am only 3 months into the cartridges. After 3 months of use, Leaks Everywhere!
I own the XP-310 Epson printer, not this model. However, there is some corporate greed technology in the XP-310 that is most likely in all of their printers. I actually really liked my Epson printer until it came time to replace the ink cartridges. I always look at the replacement cartridge prices before I buy, and the Epson were cheap. However, I soon found out that the minds at Epson went to VERY great lengths to make sure you can use only genuine, way-over priced genuine Epson cartridges in their printer. The aftermarket cartridges won&#8217;t be &#8220;recognized&#8221; by the printer, and even the empty refillable cartridges won&#8217;t work either. Don&#8217;t bother with the bottles of ink to refill your existing Epson cartridges, for that won&#8217;t work either. I could have bought 4 black and 2 each of the other three colors for $14 for the aftermarket products. Instead, the cheapest I could find for the same 10 Epson cartridges cost over $80. Actually they weren&#8217;t the same, the aftermarket were the larger capacity (model 200XL) where the Epson cartridges at $80 were the smaller capacity (model 200). Maybe other or even all other printer makers do this same thing, as I don&#8217;t buy printers often. In the mean time I will have my old Canon printer repaired and use the Epson only for scanning and copying. corporate greed technology.
I bought this just to print on discs. When I got it, it would not print on the entire disc, so I called Epson. After having me do some tests, they said they would send another. That didn't work, either, so they sent another. I now have three, and not one will print on discs. If you want an excellent disc printer, get an HP 5280 All-in-One. Don't Bother!
I printed one 8X10 and 12 DVDs before the ink carts went dry, starting with yellow. I thought this has to be a mistake. Nope. This is an Epson. A total piece of junk. Ink will suck you dry.
My partner and I purchased this printer (not from Amazon) about 1 and 1/2 Years ago. Setup was EZ, We only printed 4 CDs and 8 Documents before it told us it was out of ink. My… that was fast I thought? Cartridges cost 85. 00 dollars (for all 6), and low and behold, the printer was out of ink again just after 15 days (15 documents, 4 photos and 2 CDs). All this for 85. 00? No thanks. We noticed the printer spend more time cleaning itself than printing. Total Junk and Ink-thirsty. We dumped it. and bought a laser (at least the toner didn't run out until 5 months - and we use it daily! )The WJ Group - (Danxo) Epson Junk at its Best.
I only got 1/4 of the life of this cartridge. I, like others am going back to the low yield. Clearly there is a problem with these cartridges. They should be pulled. Cartridge Leaked after a few months of use.
I owned a 9840CDW for almost two years. The print quality is really bad. After a few hundred pages, I see streaks run down the pages. I also see stains. This happens to the original black and blue toners. After I replaced them, the problem went away for only a few hundred pages. Then it came back for black toner. I checked the manual and found that we have to clean two areas. One is the drum unit. It produces equally spaced stains on the page. The other is the spill of the toner. I have to constantly clean it. Brother has a unique design that toner cartridges and drum units are separate. So you don't have to replace them all together like other brands. . All the Brother color printers share this design. They all use the same toner cartridges and drum units. It apparently reduces the production cost greatly. But it seems to me that with this design toner cartridges and drum units are very flimsy. I have done the cleaning of toner carriages and drum unit so many times that I can do that without taking out the drum unit. I never have to do this to other laser printers. And I never know so much detail about laser printers before I own a Brother printer. If unfortunately you own one and would like to keep it, the other thing you have to watch out is the cost of toner. It will stop working after a preset number of pages even you still have a lot of toner in it. You can follow the instruction below to reset the toner cartridge. It will save you a lot of money. Amazon won't let me post the url. Please search the web for the instruction. You have to open the cap and turn back the wheel in the cartridge. Good luck. Horrible printer and toner cartridge.
Fell apart within two weeks. Had to return. Case It has the worst quality I have ever seen in binders. Would not recommend. Very cheaply made!
This fax machine is a really bad design. I hate that it uses a very expensive inkjet cartridge because the cartridge dries up quickly if you don't receive faxes often or use it as a copier often; so it's a really poor design. I got the Brother 575 fax machine instead for less money. It's a better design for a fax machine in this price range because it doesn't use an inkjet cartridge that just dries up when you are not using it. Further, the Brother replacement ink ribbon is half the cost of the HP inkject cartridge for this fax machine. I would recommend you avoid this unit. Horrible product.
I have owned a number of printers over the years and this new Kodak 5300 ranks as the absolute worst printer I have ever owned! I have owned it less than 48 hrs. and I have to date 5 calls to Tech support for a number of issues all of which seems to be glitches in the Kodak software. (I have XP Home on a Dell) To install it for the 2nd time with tech support on the phone, it took just under an hour. Then it would not print from Word Perfect. Then it would not turn off and the list goes on. Couple this with far East tech support with language issues and you get the picture. Add to this, slow, slow, slow start up, slow print time even in draft, horrible print quality on the higher settings and you have the makings of a real loser! Kodak needs to stick to cameras and leave the printers to HP, Canon etc. I bought this for the cheap new inks but I wish to heaven I had bought something else now. I am paying the price for wanting cheaper ink cartridges. I bought it on line & the cost to return it would be a fortune. I have learned my lesson. Don't you make the same mistake! Worst Printer Ever!
If you're like me and have "grown up" on HP calculators and were think "This is it! HP is back! " let me be the first to tell you that, no, HP is not back. The calculator feels a bit more fragile than the earlier generation and is missing some of the well thought out HP calculator innovations that the earlier alphanumerics, such as the legendary HP-41, hhad. The display does not show the function key you pressed unlike the HP-32s I own. Better yet the HP-41 showed the function and if you made a mistake in hitting the wrong function key, you simply held the key down for 2 seconds the function was nulled. UPDATE: Day 2. Now the calculator has hung-up with SYNTAX ERROR. I tried all the obvious keystrokes without resorting to the manual to no avail. Not the same as the original HP calculators.
Very thin labels, as a result the feed grabs two or three at a time and prints across several pages ruining most of them. If you sit and feed them one sheet at a time, it works, but what a pain that is. The are not worth the money. Don't waste it on these. cheap, thing jams up in printer!
I love to write; I am a writer and I also enjoy journaling. At first, I loved the brilliant blue. I never saw anything like it before. It is the most charming thing in the world. However, my watermen pen got clogged and I see sludge all around the nib and the pen felt as if it had mud all over the nip. I become worried. I decided to use another fountain pen, my son's pen, but same problem occurred. I looked for vinegar bottle and had to soak both pens in the hope of getting rid of that thick stuff, that sludge, that mud-looking thing&#8230; I was sad. I had no choice but to dump it in the garbage basket to go with the garbage for Monday. Thankfully, I still had old Watermann ink cartridges and they will hold me for the time being. I would have loved sincerely to give an exalting review of this ink but I also want to speak my mind. but&#8230;.
THIS ORDER IS BAD DRY TOO FAST BUT I'M NOT EVEN USE IT YET. THIS IS BAD STOCK NOT LAST LONG BOTHER ME HAVE TO GO BUY NEW INK NOW FOR MY PRINTER NEED. THE INKS DOESN'T GOOD EVEN NOT USE BUT DRY RAN OUT NOW.
HP has big problems with cartridges and Support of their ink cartridges. I have has 3 cartridges from 2 of these sets that would not be accepted by the printer. This happens when the electronic chip or its programing is defective or is damaged in transit. This is not terribly unusual but 3 in the same week is. All were within 30 days of purchase and all were sealed until they were installed and refused to print. New replacements did work. The real problem comes when you try to get them replaced under warranty. There is no clear way to contact HP. You need to go to the support section and report it as a problem, Then you get a reply asking you to do several things and print a report which can not be printed with a defective cartridge and scan it and send it to them. Failing that they want 13 separate pieces of information most of which are not printed on the cartridge. Then you get a reply that says it will be replaced but you need to fill out another set of questions and give them the serial number of your printer. This is a lot to expect of a consumer who has done nothing more than buy a printer cartridge. So far the single pack cartridges are OK. Stick with them or avoid HP altogether. HP has big problems with cartridges and Support.
I did not have any problems loading the software for this printer. I connected this printer through USB, as printer functions work faster through USB connections, rather than networking. However, when printing Photos, the Skin Tones were Never Correct. The faces were always very dark, as well as the rest of the pictures. After working with HP on this problem for Over 6 hours, and downloading other drivers, the Skin Tones were still the same. I tried just copying some pages and the printer could not pull through the regular 20# paper. I had to remove the paper several times in trying to get the printer to take the paper. Borderless printing on 4 X 6 paper was OK, and had no trouble pulling it through the printer. Just the paper in the regular bottom tray. Copying was OK for the output, but had trouble pulling the paper through the printer. I never got around to testing the Fax features, as that was not high on my priorities list. Not a Good Printer - Poor Quality.
I had a HP 970cxi for years that was a wonderful workhorse of a printer. It had replaced a loathsome Epson which had convinced me never to own another Epson. Well, *this* HP has convinced me to never own another HP printer. The HP Photosmart C7280 All-in-One may be the worst printer in the history of printers. This printer is _helpful_. It knows what kind of paper you have and what kind of printing you want to do. It is oh-so-clever about everything. It knows more about what you want to do than you do. Heaven save you from helpful printers. I'm currently printing CD labels. The printer _helpfully_ notices that the shiny side of my "photo" paper is down. It spits out the label sheet (blank) and chirpily informs me I need to turn the paper upsidedown. Not really wanting to print my labels on the backing, rather than the label, I stuff the sheet back in and hit okay. Then it chirpily informs me there's a paper mismatch with the previous type. An okay on this might yield me two uninterrupted sheets printed before having to go through this miserable process again. Go ahead, turn off every automatic feature and detection feature there is, it doesn't help. Then one of the minuscule half-dozen print cartridges will become empty and the printer will refuse to print anything until it's replaced. I'm often not sure how the [obscure, seldom-used] color cartridge became empty as what I was printing didn't use that color. Sometimes I come to use the printer and will find a color cartridge has supposedly gone empty while sitting doing nothing. This printer is annoying and hideously expensive to run. On the plus side, once you do get the wretched thing to grace you with the boon of an actually printed page, the quality is gorgeous. The printing speed is very fast, but that's irrelevant because of how much time it takes to get to the fast printing. Genuine speed to get to the finished product makes this the slowest printer I've ever had. This doesn't even get us to the scanner, which is its own tangle of "helpful" features. Horrid, horrid, horrid printer. Worst Printer in HP History.
Sounded good, before I tried it myself. First of all, the "Quick Start" guide is 119 pages long. That ought to tell you something right there--Isn't a "Quick Start" guide usually 1 or 2 pages long? I'm not finding this to be an even remotely intuitive device. I my humble opinion, this is the most complicated multi-function unit I have ever encountered. The only thing I can get it to do easily is print. The Automatic Doc Feeder works… sometimes… for reasons which escape me. I tried to get it to feed a doc for scanning, it wouldn't do it. However, it DID feed a doc for faxing. With regard to fax/phone/ans device coordination, not being able to turn off the ringer and not being able to stop the thing from interrupting incoming messages with fax beeping is really annoying. It made so much noise during recorded messages, I could hardly hear what was being said. I finally created a bypass phone line that I can just unplug when not in use. But I've never had this problem with any other fax machine. With regard to the inability to turn off the ringer, apparently this is not a setting that you can change. You can only make the ringer loud or normal. You can't turn it off. When I tried clicking on "Help" for the multitudinous questions I had for how in the world to run this thing, an error message came up indicating there is no help for this model. (Go figure… )I'm concerned about the comments about it being an ink hog. But I haven't had it long enough to evaluate that, and if things continue as they have been, I probably won't have it long enough to know. My last HP died prematurely. However, out of the box, it was a breeze compared to this machine. I'm disappointed. The price is great. But I guess you get what you pay for, as the saying goes… This reminds me of the 70's and early 80's when you had to be a rocket scientist to run a computer. I guess I'm not one of those. Hmmm… Not impressed so far.
I bought this printer in April of '08. It died today Oct. 17, 2008. I'd be much more upset if it was my only printer. Have not been happy from beginning because of problems with paper handling. Must use rear feed for anything other than 20# paper. Rear feed hard to use and inadequate paper guide leads to many misfeeds. Gave up on using front tray after a month because it kept jamming with it's limited use. Today I got messages there was a paper jam when there wasn't. Mechanisms began to sound horrible and print awful, then my paper did jam and won't clear. A shocker a month ago: ran out of ink in one color. the printer then refused to do any printing at all and wouldn't even let me scan or fax when my task didn't need to use any ink. I'm done with it. I don't even want an exchange if they offered it. I'm going back to HP and Brother. Waste of money.
very, very poor quailty. they actually fall apart if you dont handle them like a new born baby. whne you pull out a push pin, a hunk comes out w/it dont buy.
I have had spotty success with Epson products in the past, but in researching a new scanner, most of the reviews had about the same amount of negatives and positives, so it was a tossup for me. I chose this scanner because it had the highest dpi resolution among the similarly priced scanners. It looked good out of the box, and I made sure to go to Epson's website and download their latest driver per their instructions there. The scanner was easy to hook up and started up just fine. I was expecting something flimsy, but it seemed solidly made. I made one scan that came out fine, and then the problems started. I got a flashing error light on the unit itself, and the software kept telling me either that the scanner wasn't hooked up properly, or that the "carriage" (whatever that is) was not hooked up right. I spent about a half an hour unplugging the unit, uninstalling and re-installing the driver, re-plugging the unit in, and re-starting my Mac before I could get it to work again. In total, I was able to get 4 scans out of this unit. The orange error light kept re-occurring, and my frustration mounted with every unplug/re-start/re-plug/re-install/etc. I contacted Epson (after slogging through their horrible and vague knowledgebase, what is it with these companies? ) and they informed me that it would need service. I'm sorry, but a brand-new scanner should work properly right out of the box and not need immediate service. I have returned it with Amazon's great return policy. To give Epson the benefit of the doubt, the Amazon box that arrived at my doorstep looked like it had endured some abuse, so the scanner may have been damaged or mis-calibrated or something by poor handling. I have decided to try a Canon next time. (though I've had spotty experiences with them in the past, also. ) Broken Right Out of the Box.
With the included software, this scanner is almost useless. Regardless of how you set the clunky driver software, the scans come out so fuzzy you'll think it's out of focus or smothered in vaseline. The bottom of the scan glass is cloudy as the head passes over it. Oddly if you use VueScan, you'll find that the scans are far sharper -- not great, but far sharper, even without an unsharp mask / sharpening applied. The scanner is extremely fast and the physical body is well designed. Using the multiple page PDF option requires clicking two buttons on the software, not the body of the scanner, for each additional page (why not one button? why not a button on the scanner body? ). You can save your settings but you can't assign a name to the saved settings. The Mac software is PPC based so it won't work in Leopard. A very limited subset of features is available via Image Capture and that appears to be Epson's sole solution. Canon's looking very attractive. I bought this based on other reviews at Amazon and wish I'd returned it earlier. A huge disappointment.
had to send it back. printer wont recognize cartridge. this is the problem with the cheaper refilled ink. better off with manufacturer's brand. no problems ever. didn't work.
I know the reviews on this machine are mixed. But there were enough good reviews that seemed to indicate a good number of people were happy with some of the features I was looking for. I have the previous model. It's adequate. So I thought I'd give this one a try. Then I got it and set it up… If anyone out there knows of an answering machine with really good sound quality, I be grateful if you'd make a comment with that information in it. These are the Pros and Cons for me:Pros: Fairly easy to set upSimple to operateAbout 40 min. recording time. Cons: The quality of the sound is even worse than the previous model. It's very tinny and distorted. Also, when I recorded my outgoing message, there is an echo on my voice! What's with that? Messages left for me have even more of an echo on them. You notice it more because it's louder and the echo is delayed more than with my outgoing message. The phone cord is hardwired and too short. I have no idea what the logic is behind hardwiring the phone cord. I'd like to be able to replace the cord if it fails or, as in my case,I would like to use a longer cord. I know I can buy an adapter an add a cord, buy why is this even necessary? If you turn it off, it turns itself back on after 10 rings and answers. If I turn it off, I want it to stay off. It's in expensive and you get what you pay for. Worse than the previous model I had.
I've been using HP printers for forever and bought a Lexmark for the first time. I hate it and now find that the black ink only lasted 1 month!!!! Hp is MUCH better!! Wish I never bought the d**m thing! I'm going back to HP. I can't afford these prices for one month's ink! Ran out in 1 month of home use!
I purchased these cartridges prior to running out of ink, so I had no need to open them right away. I installed the black cartridge a few days after receiving it, but it was several weeks before I needed to open and use the color cartridge. Although it looked fine, upon installation, my printer displayed the message that this was not the correct cartridge for my model. It is exactly the same as the cartridge I just removed, so I know that isn't true. I put the old one back in - no problems. I put the new one back in, and get the same message. The cartridge is useless to me. Because my "return window" had expired, I can't get a full refund. Very annoying, since people tend to buy cartridges in bulk and open them as needed - not necessarily right away. I won't order these through Amazon again because of their return policy on this type of item. Go to Staples or Office Depot - at least you can return a defective product! Defective Cartridge.
I ordered this pack since it said it would work in my Lexmark X7675 printer. Well it turns out that yes the color 43 will fit it but the 44 does not it will not lock in the proper position. The interesting thing is the box says it also fits the X7675. I am sending this back to Amazon. Not what it says.
only. 5" high not 1"other than obvious lack of function due to height, the material is good, no leaks, does not stiffen up over time, no bad smellInnovera is a better brand too short.
At first I loved this. It felt reasonably comfortable and looked nice. It is VERY firm however, and doesn't feel cushioned at all--nothing like other gel products I've seen. But after a few weeks of use, I noticed pain in my wrist, which I'd never had before. Since the only thing about my office setup that had changed was this rest, it seemed the most likely culprit. I stopped using it, and within a couple of days the pain disappeared. It's now serving as a paperweight. I can't recommend it as a wrist rest. Increased wrist pain.
FYI This arrived with a WARNING label on the package. &#34;WARNING: This product contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. &#34;When are corporations going to stop manufacturing items that are known causes of cancer? Amazon was excellent about letting me return the item, which I immediately did. I am going to reread the product description, but I certainly did not notice any mention of any warnings when I purchased it. UNACCEPTABLE.
I read the box, there were NO instructions, and it didn't work for me unless I handled the staple (the one to be removed) by holding it and then trying to push the staple remover into position, and then squeezing the handle to remove the staple. I tested this by stapling paper - just one page of paper - and it was a chore to remove the staples. I don't like it. I'll stick with the old-fashioned staple remover. Ugh!
Easy-Glide! Easy-Glide Ink System! Revolutionary right? No it's not. I got excited for no reason. Some other reviewers mentioned this easy glide pen being an alternative to the Pilot G-2 Gel Ink Pen… No, its performance isn't remotely close to a gel pen. As a ballpoint pen, it's about average. 1-Star for average? Yes, it got my hopes up with Easy-Glide this, Easy-Glide that, and it ended up being bogus. With other manufacturers marketing their smooth-flowing ballpoint inks, e. g. Paper Mate with InkJoy (No experience with it), King Uni-Ball with the Jetstream. I expected something similar to the Jetstream. A pen that produces distinct, vibrant lines with smooth flowing ink. The marks this pen makes aren't vibrant and aren't smooth flowing. I will give it that its ink is darker than normal BIC pens. But I have trouble finding a pen that is not darker and more vibrant than the dull, gray ink of BIC's standard line of ballpoint pens. The ink is certainly darker, but the ink flow is the problem. As I write, I get significant sections of letters that don't have ink. The ink fades in and out. The ink needs to be "jump started" every time it touches the paper to get a dark continuous line. Writing fast always breaks up the ink flow. This is a good pen for you if you write LARGE, in CURSIVE, and very SLOWLY. Ballpoint pens by Cello (E. g. Cello Silke/Smooth | INC Style Glides, can be found branded as an Off Dpt pen) and the INC Forma, perform a bit better than this pen. A bit. They don't get close to the experience of Uni-Ball/Mitsubishi Pencil Co. 's Jetstream hybrid ink (vibrant lines, smooth flow, AND quick drying), but they're better than the average lot. I also really like BAZIC's 'Oil Gel' pens (low-cost pens, vibrant and smooth flowing ink, but average dry time) found in bargain/dollar stores. Now, WTF is Easy-Glide? The package cites patent number 6797748 B2. Some idea taken from printer ink technology which adds (isocyanate free! ) polyurethane resin to ink that is supposed to produce an ink vaguely described as "well performing. " It's described as smooth writing and non-seepage. BIC obviously needs to re-evaluate how they quantify "smooth writing. " Smooth writing, as in lower friction and lower vibration, provided by improved ink lubricity and higher shear strength (and larger nib), at the expense of continuous ink flow is not a good direction to head towards. At least I found out (from reading ink ingredients) that sniffing undried ballpoint ink fumes isn't good for you. Update: Had some more time with this pen. No, it isn't an average pen. It is very much below average. Your standard no names are better. Normal BICs don't have as bad of a skipping problem that this "easy-glide" pen has. I would rather use the standard BICs with dull ink instead of the revolutionary skip-tronic technology in these pens.. I don't see myself ever picking up this pen if there is another pen around. ---Update 2: Very nice of readers to thumb down as not helpful without explaining why this is not helpful. Perhaps all you care about is whether or not the pen can write, that it can lay down ink in some fashion. (In that case, why are you reading reviews? Pick up any generic pen. )The reason why I picked up a few packs of these pens was because of a favorable review comparing the writing ability to a Pilot G2, which this thing's writing experience isn't anything close to, it's the complete opposite. The ink doesn't flow well enough on first contact. The ink fades in and out (you get white blanks, missing sections in letters when writing fast). I went into the store and picked up just this item and was looking for only this item. That's how much effort I put, and I had high expectation, looking for some sort of holy grail of a pen that was dirt cheap and wrote as well as the higher end pens. I imagined the complete BS "easy glide system" being reminiscent of Hybrid ink tech that you'd find in pens by Uni-ball, Pilot, and Zebra. This isn't anything close, it's worse than most generic ballpoints in my opinion. If you want a decent writing "ballpoint" pen, head straight to the Uniball Jetstream, Pilot Acroball, the Pentel Vicuna, the Zebra Surari. Those are the types of pens you want to write with extensively and keep. This BIC with "easy glide" is the kind of pen you give away and throw away. Very dissapointed.
Why improve the tape roll with something lame? That should have been the question someone asked when this product was designed. This thing ran out of tape in 2 seconds and it cumbersome and awkward. I would not recommend it at all. Zero stars. Ugh.
No amount of pushing or prying with a thin, sturdy object would get the tape compartment open, and I eventually decided it wasn't worth losing a finger jumst to have a two inch piece of tape pop out of the dispenser. It isn't much smaller than a roll of tape on a plastic dispenser, with the advantage that you can strap it over your fingers, but the disadvantage that you can't size the tape as needed. Is this really an improvement? Perhaps it's more environmentally friendly over the long run, but only if it works. Back to the drawing board, Scotch! Dispenser compartment wouldn't even open.
Shortest review I've probably ever written: Installed software, hooked up scanner, and attempted to use. Couldn't save or view scans. Received error message. No help on Fujitsu website. None, nada, niente, zip, zero, zilch. Attempted fixes mentioned on other websites. Still wouldn't work. This piece-of-crap scanner is going to be returned tomorrow. Total junk.
This does not work with Mac OS 10. 5. 5. You need to update the drivers and then the application, or is it the other way around? When you need the application, they require the serial number which then says you don't have the the right number (which it was). You then call and wait 30 minutes to be told you need wait another unannounced time to talk to the Mac department, which never did answer. I shoved it back in the box after 5 hours of trying to get to run and sent it back to the dealer. Brother has some very serious customer service problems as well as hardware and software issues. When the CSR hang up on you, you know you've bought the wrong item! This is a problem device and they even ask you if it's a QL-570, indicating to me, that they have many issues and complaints with it. Stay away is my advice, it's not a good thing! OH BROTHER!
This is suppose to assist you in making a smaller box. This does a poor job it and all it does is make some perforations on where you want the new box to fold so you still need a box cutter to finish the job. I find it easier to just use a scissor to cut the corners and then use a box cutter to score the inside of the box. Better yet I use a skil 2352 multi cutter instead of scissors. Save yourself time and mopney and get good scissors and box cutter.
I purchased this quite awhile back but never got around to using it. I plugged it in for the first time today. It started to heat up but turned off after a couple of minutes. Tried letting it cool back down, moving outlets, etc. but nothing works. Unmitigated junk.. Junk! Buyer beware.
The two main draws of this envelope from it's description are the easy seal ("Reveal-N-Seal") patented technology, and the blue patterning on the inside of the envelope to obscure what's inside. Unfortunately neither works well. The reveal-n-seal is a strip in the middle to top third of the envelope that you fold up to reveal the adhesive. It's better than licking the glue on an envelope. But the standard type of adhesive where you peel away the waxy paper strip on the top flap is easiest, simplest, and works best. In short, the reveal-n-seal technology (patented) is un-necessary and tries too hard. It's an envelope! Worse, the blue patterning inside won't completely conceal what's inside. I tested it by placing a check inside and you could tell what was in there. Not recommended. Reveal-N-Seal.
As is the case with every other person here, it is virtually impossible to get this printer to work… period… if you want to set it up to work as a wireless printer, good luck… no can do. I've now spent over 3 hours on this with no luck. The instruction guide is useless. I will consult with a network specialist friend of mine regarding this but never have I had such problems with a printer. If he can't get it to work within a reasonable period of time, I'll gladly send it back and get something functional. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY… BUY SOMETHING ELSE… DO YOURSELF A HUGE FAVOR!! I wouldn't ordinarily trash a product, but this is the worst I've ever seen. Don't make the mistake I made… buy an HP, Epson, etc… Brother should be ashamed for even making this thing… virtually NOBODY can get it to work… for those who said they hooked it up successfully through a home network for wireless function, please print detailed instructions! Thanks and Happy New Year… don't buy this printer! DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER.
Quite literally. It was an economical printer while it lasted, which was almost 4 years, but every time I printed from it, my voltage regulators would trip. Not just the one it was hooked up to - the thing would brown out my entire house. Then, today, FLASH BANG - one dead voltage regulator, one dead printer, one scared cat in the office. I do not recommend this product. Mine had power issues and finally sparked out.
Brother was very wasteful of material and promoting bad enviornmental practices to require the entire replacement of the large plastic unit. All that's really needed is the long dark tube DR-360. Unfortunately, Brother designed it so you have to purchase the entire unit when it should have made the tube removable. It's totally wasteful and I'm sure the plastic will not be recycled but will end up in a dump somewhere. Very sad these corporations are doing this to make more money rather than have any consideration for their customer and our environment at large. My drum light started to flash after about 12,000 prints. Drum Unit vs. Drum Tube Replacement.
The product description is incorrect. It says this is a high-yield cartridge. It is the standard cartridge. For $10 more you can but the TN360, which is the high-yield cartridge. It prints 2,600 rather than 1,500 (though in practice 2,300 and 1,200 are more typical -- and, of course, you want to cover the sensor with tape to keep it printing for another 200 pages or so). I have submitted a product description correction. I feel tricked! My cartridge lasted half of what I'd expected -- because it's NOT high yield. The product description is wrong. This is NOT high yield.
The first disappointment with this product came after opening the package. It's nothing more than a cheap and unattractive piece of plastic -- nothing you'd want to hang on your wall. The second major problem is the size. Although it might technically be 8. 5 by 11 inches, the interior volume of the sleeve is smaller. Therefore whatever object you place inside it will have to be smaller than a standard-size piece of paper. Due to these flaws the product was useless to me. Very disappointing.
Magic jack doesn't disclose before porting your number to magic jack include: Ported number renewal fee (Never heard of any company charging renewal of ported number 2. If you want to release the same number and move it to another carrier (because of terrible call quality and terrible customer service), they will charge you another $30. 00 whammy on you. This is a hog wash. There is no call log, no phone customer service, on top of these unscrupulous fees. They never mention that they will charge renewal fee on a ported number and they will also charge $30. 00 if you take the number to another carrier before your porting transaction with magic jack is complete. This is unbelievable!! one year experience: Lost calls, choppy calls, NO CALL LOGS,and for call forwarding you have to go through plethora of web links and chart sessions to get the web link and you have to do the same to remove the call forwarding too. I am closing my magicjack account and will move to either Nettalk or vonage or Ooma: none of them have ported number fee, and no phone number release fees. I know, vonage and Nettalk provide call log for free. Magic Jack RIPOFF charges on Ported numbers - BUYER BEWARE!!!
The device worked well for me, but after 4 months, they shut off my Magicjack for violation of terms of service. It took a bit of effort to find out what was violated and they claimed excessive use. There is no support number; you have to get support online only with live chat or from their knowledge base. There is a billing questions number and you can call that. That's the only way to get a live person, but they only want you to call it for billing questions. The problem is you have no idea what constitutes excessive use or when you might be exceeding their limits. The terms of service says if your usage exceeds 20 times more than the average customer or more than 50 calls a day you have violated the terms. The 50 calls is easy to quantify, but what about the 20 times more than the average? The terms also say it is not limited to just this criteria, so you have no clue what other criteria they might use to decide that you have had excessive use. There is no way to know what that is. Instead of just suspending your service for a while, they cut you off permanently with no recourse. You lose any remaining time you may have paid for. If you are a light phone user, MagicJack may be okay for you, but don't expect to be on the phone for a lot of time or they may cut you off for excessive use, with no recourse, since you must agree to the terms of service. I would never get this device again. Read those terms of service before you agree to use this device. Watch Out for their Terms of Service.
I did not purchase my magic jack (MJ) through Amazon but rather through the MJ website itself. My biggest complaint about MJ is the voice call quality and dropped calls. Often, the person you are talking to can't hear you and you have to repeat yourself a lot during MJ to landline or mobile phone conversations. The second thing I hate about MJ is the echo you get frequently. This drives me absolutely crazy when having a phone conversation. You say "hello" for example and then you hear the echo "hello" back or whatever it is that you said. This is very distracting and annoying. I suppose you get what you pay for. I have been using MJ for many years. I was even dumb enough to purchase a 5 year service contract but after it expires, I will not renew. Their customer support also sucks. They don't even have a toll free 1-800 number to call if you have a problem. You have to get online and establish a chat connection for tech. support. I know they will tell you they have to do this to keep costs down but this is horrible. I predict this company will eventually go belly up due to the poor call quality and customer support. I just purchased an Obi VOIP phone adapter to try out with google voice. I hope this will be a lot better positive experience than what I've had with MJ for the last few years. No matter how cheap the device or service, I personally still demand a min. level of quality that is acceptable to me. MJ has fallen way below that level so they have now lost a customer for life. From what I have seen and read, Ooma seems to be the best thing going but the up front cost for the unit is pretty high and there is still a nominal monthly ($3 - $5) regulatory fee each month after you buy the unit which I don't quite understand. My review of this product.
When I bought this thing I was assured it was a trial. Since two years were cheaper, I went with that. I was also told that I wouldn't be charged for the 30 day trial. Next day, a year of service hit my bank. The phone didn't work at all in my area, so I tried to get customer service on the phone for return - nada. No answer, no voicemail, nothing. I returned the thing as instructed on the invoice, and after a suitable amount of time to get the return, they charged me $89 and I couldn't get it back no matter what. What a bunch of crooks. These people are a real rip-off.
Vey cheap. I had high speed internet and people would tell me I sounded choppy. Expect it to only last 6 month as cheaply made. There are many more products out there like Basic Talk. Although it's $9. 99 a month for basic talk in the long run a mich better product. I'd stay away from this product. NO.
This sounds like a great deal -- and it is if you never have to acutally use your phone, but need a numberso you can say you have a home phone nubmer, but never have to actually use it. I have had MagicJack for 2 years, and they are so far beyond horrible, I can't even say it in words. It seams like there is always one of the services like caller ID , voice mail, or call forwarding that is not working or services are removed and they do not tell or notify you, and sitll show on the website that they are an available feature. No chance of speaking to a live person for service - only CHAT through a translater system and most of the ones I have worked with have not been very knowledgeable. Remember the services is approximate $30 per year - not per month AND YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!! - VERY LITTLE. (if Amazon allowed for negative stars this would be a -2) ABSOLUTELY *&%$#&$@"& and that is putting it mildly!!!!!!
As of this review: 317 5-star ratings, and 486 1-star ratings. This product has been out for years and they still don't have the bugs worked out. Great idea, but obviously doesn't work consistently. And I wouldn't doubt that the inventor is a billionaire even though the product is krap. Didn't work for me.
Sent one back a couple of years ago because the sound quality was terrible. Just spent over two hours "chatting" with four different techs. They could not even get it to work. This one goes back tomorrow. Techs could never get it to work.
As a Sunrocket customer who got left for dead when they went belly up, i've been trying to find something that worked as well. Signed up for Vonnage and about 15 minutes later cancelled since I found powerphone, which worked, but their pricing model bothered me since they threw in so many fees that weren't part of the up front thing I signed up for. So tried this, and it worked intermittently for a while. I don't like having to have a computer running for this to plug into though, and while I stuck with it for a couple months (since i run a media center PC that is always running, so could use that) but found that the smallest thing could make it not work. I had a windows update that broke it - i could talk and be heard, but the ear piece no longer played any sound. And a few weeks ago when I started testing Windows 7 it's incompatible of course. Not a surprise or their fault, but just shows how much of a pain it is to have a phone that is so totally dependent on compatibility with a computer. And the inability to do things like disable voicemail so i could use my internal answering machine was frustrating. I did not like their support model either, just someone you chat with online, who has no real knowledge and just reads from a script. Have since purched an Ooma and am tossing the magic jack in the garbage. Worst VOIP I've tried so far.
MagicJack was always a shaky proposition in terms of quality, but it was a cheap option. But there are much better quality options a fairly low prices. For instance, Walmart sells a VoIP device that costs $10 a month, and a wireless portable one at $15 a month. I prefer to use theOBi100 VoIP Telephone Adapter and Voice Service Bridgewhich connects to my Google Voice account, right now. Granted, Google seems to have little interest in Voice, so I don't know how much longer this combo will last, but for now there is no monthly charge, and the OBI device is quite inexpensive. If MagicJack charged ten or 15 dollars a year for service, it might be worth considering, but at $30 it's too expensive. Better quality available cheaper and slightly more.
It's as bad as everyone says. Non-existent customer support. Takes over computer's entire internet connection for 10-15 minutes at bootup on a quad-core, very fast computer. Stutters. People can't hear me talking or complain it's messed up. It takes over the screen everry time a call is made or comes in, throwing up spam. It is NOT unlimited. Read the terms of use. After about 50 calls a day, they terminate your account and keep your money. This company had an "F" with the BBB until they paid them off. Suddenly, they went to an "A". The owner of this company should be sent to prison and never allowed to use a telephone again as punishment for this piece of junk. I want to like it but can't.
I was happy for a few hours. By the end of the day, I removed it and returned it to Walmart. I have a fast roadrunner cable service. Movies download fast. MJ service was usable but static present. I could live with that. We use our cells for all our calls, and have no land line, so this was just a supplement. The problem. This is one big spyware program. May not fit the definition of real spyware, but any program that forces unwanted advertising on my computer is bad news. It also tracks every number you call. It's almost invisible in your computer. It doesn't show up in the program files, or the add/remove list. No uninstaller function. Programs are sold by third parties to uninstall the program. This is poor business practice. I'm kicking myself. My speed slowed greatly. Speed increased after I dumped as many files as I could. I have several spyware removal programs, and here I voluntarily loaded one of the worst. This item had great possibilities, and may have been a home run had the owners practiced good business ethics, instead of treating their customers like total fools. Pass on this one.
I got a brand new / sealed one of these, plugged it in, created the account, got a phone number, and then got prompt to create new account, went thru the same routine over, and over, and more over. Went to the MJ website and was advised by the chat person that my account is under review!!!!! and I should call customer service, the CS rep. repeated the same &#34;account under review&#34; and told me to call later because they are having a high volume callers now!!! Each time they ask for name, phone number, email address, etc… Same routine was repeated every time I called, over, and over,… , still no service. Do yourself a favor and buy something else. You will save money and lots of frustration. New device didn't work, Extremely poor Customer Service.
I bought Magic Jack hoping I can save money on my phone bill. It so happens Magic Jack phone device doesn't work. I immediately follow their direction and put it in different USB port and wait for FULL 3 minutes for it to install. It didn't work nor show any sign of installation. My computer run in Window Vista and later I try it on my laptop which runs in Window 7 and it doesn't work. I know its not my computer because I try it on my friends as well. Still it doesn't work. I thought it suppose it to be easy as 1-2-3 obvious its not. I highly recommend nobody to buy this. There is a reason why there is 355 negative reviews of 1 stars than good. Bad Quality! Horrible! There is a reason why there's 355 negative reviews.
I bought this hoping for a second line but it did not work very good. sound was awful, static and tunnel sound. Could not hear my friends they kept complaining they could not here me. I sent it back and got my money back, but not return postqage as they promised. They never discontinued my account I still: after 6 months, get email messages saying I have messages on my email account. This means I aqm still connected to MJ,I called and they kept me on the net for a total of 2 1/2 hours and basically said nothing, So every time I get a prank call or annoyance call my internet connect is compromised and I get an email telling me I have a message. I am still conected to MJ and I will be contacting some government agency such as the FTC, or public advocate, or Board of public utilities. If we all do this when we are not happy with these products maybe they will think twice about messing with the public. Awful everything.
I've used tissue that seemed more sturdy than this board. The magnets are very weak. The board fell right off the fridge and the plastic boarder cracked. Not very well made at all. Look Elsewhere.
Keep in mind this phone really should be powered by its AC adapter or, at the very least, a small 9 volt battery. How long a tiny 9 volt battery will last is an open ended question. Without AC power, the phone barely functions. Yet, to be fair, in some vague way you can still say it functions. Without power - the lights for which line is in use don't work, the speaker phone does not work, and virtually every other function of this phone will not work. Yet to be extremely fair, you could make a phone call - just don't expect even a simple led to light up when you select which phone line you want to use or even to light up if the phone rings. I have had a few Panasonic multi-line phones over the years and they all worked perfectly, even without a power adapter or batteries. This phone also has a POOR interface: When I plugged this phone in - using the supplied AC adapter - I got a bright red light on line 2 saying a message was waiting. No such message existed and I could not figure out how to extinguish it. I don't think I should need to consult a manual or call customer support to use a basic two line phone! The bottom line is this phone is a step backward from the traditional designs which are decades old. These older designs were powered by the phone lines themselves and had simple pushbuttons and lights. What used to be a simple press of a button to select line 1 or 2 is no longer so simple on this phone. You have lights and what appear to be corresponding push buttons on this phone yet sometimes they are not push buttons - just raised pieces of chromed plastic. A very confusing layout for what should be a simple device. This phone is being shipped back to Amazon as I type this. One Star - NOT recommended Junk.
I must constantly redial numbers because this phone does NOT record a ten-digit number if it is dialed other than slowly. You must wait for about 15 seconds to have a recorded message tell you -- incorrectly -- that you did not dial the required 10 digits. This is incorrect because all ten digits that you dialed show up in the Caller ID screen. AT&T said they will replace the phone for $15, but it would be with another Model 993. I believe the problem is in the design and engineering of the phone and that a new unit will not correct my problem. A Major Flaw.
It was a very heavy duty machine, all metal, and worked well for just about a year, with only a couple of times where I had to take it apart to remove jammed plastic… But then… it ate a document so thoroughly that there was no getting it out. Smoke was pouring out of the machine and the plastic pouch was completely adhered to the inner heating rod! Even after almost completely disassembling it, there was still no getting all the plastic out of there and we have had to scrap it and buy something better. You get what you pay for? It worked for one year.
I bought this and it does not heat the laminate enough make it stiff… just &#34;kind of sort of&#34; enough to bond the two sheets together. I used another laminator here at the office and with the same film it works great. So I know the issue is with this machine. I'll chalk this one up as &#34;You get what you pay for&#34;… in this case I should have purchased something that costs more than $18. I threw away the packaging so returning it is out of the question now. I should have known better. 1 star for not working at all. Garbage - Buyer beware.
Out of the box this item was plenty comfortable and colorful. The kids loved it. But within a couple weeks it had popped and the gel was oozing out. Not sure whether that's a construction problem or an abuse by kids problem, but either way it didn't stand up too well. Your mileage may vary.
This certainly seems like it might be a great cart, but I had no opportunity to find out because of the way it was packed. After opening Amazons absurdly large and poorly taped box, fighting through layers of torn cardboard and paper, I was confronted by the largest amount of tape I've ever sen. This tape, clear and sticky, was difficult to remove, and the little that I diod get off the product left a thick, sticky residue behind. It would've taken a few hours to clean the cart, since the tape was on every surface. (see photos) What a thoughtless way to ruin a perfectly serviceable product. And yes, it does stink too. Needless to say, I returned it. I'm not sure who has enough time and will to dedicate a whole day to cleaning of a new product, but I sure think that it ought to arrive clean. Also, I've never seen a worse packing job from Amazon. I had to use an entire roll of packing tape to get the package back into some approximation of a box to send this thing back. I can only guess that this item used to be delivered in a more reasonable condition, given the many favorable reviews, but as of May 2011, you get an unholy, stinking mess for your money. Stay away. Impossible to use because of insane packing.
After using this cart very lightly (2 to 3 times a month) for about 4 months, I cannot think of anything that liked about it. The construction quality was below average when compared with other similar products. The material used, though appeared to be metal-based, was very fragile. The tiny rods could be bent very easily by a 5-year-old. The assembly was a nightmare because when I received it, they included a front rod from a smaller model of this cart so that didn't fit. Amazon shipped the replacement right-away but it shows that the manufacturer (not Amazon) had no quality controls - resulting in frustration and dissatisfaction from the very start. The instructional manual that was included was totally worthless because it included rough sketches (and not actual pictures) of parts to assemble. The actual instructions were apparently translated using Google Translate from some other language (perhaps Chinese? ). The wheels were held by thin pins and I remember thinking that this is definitely not going to last long. The wheels themselves were of very poor quality material that was that appeared like a hybrid between rubber and plastic. You may have noticed that I'm using the past tense when talking about this cart. That's because about a month ago, the wheel lost the pin that was hold it. I don't remember where it was dropped. I could go buy another pin from Home Depot but I am not going to because that's not the only problem that I'm seeing with this cart. I've noticed back rod that joins the two wheels is also bending so the wheels are not long straight. It makes pushing this cart even more difficult now. Oh, talking about wheels, I forgot to mention that one of the biggest disappointments with this cart was finding out that the front wheels cannot turn so the cart can only go straight. To turn you have to really pull the cart toward you so the front two wheels are not touching the ground and then you can maneuver it. In retrospect, I should have returned it for full refund when I found out that the rod didn't fit instead of requesting a replacement. Not worth half the price.
UPDATE 2: After a couple years of VERY light use, my opinion of this phone has dramatically gone down hill. At first there were little glitches, like how every call that comes in, even ones that are answered, show as missed calls on the phone. That, I could live with. But, they also developed a habit of losing thier link to the base, for no apparent reason. One of the handsets has completely gone bad. Another will only ring and cuts out if you try to answer it, even when at the base, so it's not out of range, and despite having a full charge on the battery. I'm down to my last functioning handset, which also cuts out, but usually only when I talk for 20 to 30 minutes. I don't use the phones that much, so I'm still debating whether to replace them or cancel my basic phone service. Should I replace them, it definitely won't be with another Panasonic. I know from past experience with their dvd players that Panasonic doesn't believe in standing behind their products. Their warranties are some of the worst in the industry at 1 year parts, but only 90 days labor, which the labor is often 2/3 of the bill. I've used this 3-phone set for a year or two and have been very happy with the design and performance. They replaced a previous set of Panasonic phones, as I needed a third base and found it more affordable to buy this set of 3 new than to purchase a new unit from Panasonic for my previous set. I'm glad I did, as not only did these phones cost less than the 2-phone Panasonic set I previously bought, despite an open box discount at Circuit City (amazon is definately the first place I'll check for prices from now on), but this set improves on the previous generation in features, range and, most important to me, sound quality. This is the clearest sounding phone I think I've had since switching from tethered to cordless. I haven't owned too many different models, but of the GE's, Unidens, V-Techs, and even previous generation Panasonics that I have used, none were as clear as even the speaker phone function on this phone, which is what I primarily use and when I ask, people I'm talking to never even realize they're on speaker, so the transmitting receiver must be pretty good too. The phones range is phenomenal. I've carried it outside, talking at least 50 yards from the house and even further from the base, without even a hint of static or signal loss. It has a large feature set, but I'm not really a phone person, so I haven't used most of what it can do, other than the basic phone and answering machine functions. That you can automatically transfer your contacts to the other phones is much more convenient than having to program them into each phone separately, but I was used to that from the previous Panasonic I used. I like that it has an intercom function and the included belt clip is nice too. I rarely am around a phone enough to use it, but I leave it attached just in case, as it doesn't seem to hinder sound clarity, despite it partially covering the speaker phone speaker. My sole criticism of these phones, which I find significant but not a deal-breaker, is that, on occasion, an incoming call doesn't register on one or both of the satellite bases, causing me to miss the call because the satellite base fails to ring (still goes to the main base where the caller can leave a message though). Both bases are less than 30 feet away from the main unit, in opposite directions, but are usually behind closed doors. It's not common, but in the year or two that I've had these phones, it's happened at least a half dozen times that I know of. Usually I'm within earshot of the primary receiver, so I don't know exactly how often it may occur. It's probably relevant to note that my previous Panasonic phone set was the same way and thus it could also be related to where one of the bases is kept (on the floor in a dedicated HT with insulated walls for sound control). All the other phones I've used have only had a single base, so I can't offer any conjecture as to whether it may be normal for multiple base units or a problem unique to Panasonic. But since it's not too consistent, and I'm not much of a phone talker, it's been a fairly minor inconvenience. So far, none of the missed calls qualified as emergencies or were very important. For its sound quality and range, I'd definately buy these phones again. Infact, I purchased a set for my sisters family at Christmas. Her husband is a minister, so between the two of them, they spend a lot of time with calls and seem very happy with these too. UPDATE: Having used these phones for quite awhile now, I would still repurchase them, or the newest incarnation of them. However, I find the sound quality so clean and clear I usually use the speaker phone feature when calling. It sounds clear and nobody I talk to can tell I have them on speaker when asked. Each handset has a speaker phone option on the handset itself. That said, when using speaker phone, the sound tends to go in an out on all three phones as you move around, depending on how they're held. If you hold them still, or set the phone on a desk, the sound stays constant, but sometimes if you tilt your hand a little while holding one of the phones the sound fades to a nearly inaudible whisper. The mic seems to still receive fine; this only appears to affect the speakers output. It's not a deal breaker. You just have to be more conscious of how you're holding the handset at times, but it's still a bit annoying and, I suspect, something that Panasonic should be able to easily fix in production. Hopefully they have with newer models. Panasonic is now a name I avoid in phones.
I "upgraded" from theUniden TRU-8885 3HS Cordless Speakerphone 5. 8GHzthinking that the Panasonic phone system would clear up occasional interference from other wireless devices. Unfortunately, the Panasonic system is a major step down from the much older Uniden system. Voice quality is mostly very bad, even when standing next to the phone base. The menu system is cumbersome to navigate and get voice messages. As a comparison, the Uniden had a single button to obtain voice messages; the Panasonic requires three clicks through the menu system. The caller ID is far to slow to display or verbally announce callers. Overall, I'm very dissatisfied with this purchase. Poor Voice Quality, Cumbersome Menu Operation.
This stapler broke within the first few times of use. I tried to staple 10 pages and it started to jam and misfeed the staples. Then it couldn't even staple a single piece of paper properly. In my search for another mini-stapler, I purchased theSwingline Tot Staplerwhich has a much more solid stapling mechanism, is smaller, and actually works. Broke immediately. Get the Swingline Tot instead.
I am surprised that so many people like this stapler. It works fine as a stapler but it is so loud that I could never take it to a meeting or class. It is so loud that it scares my dog everytime I use it. I can't wait to get rid of it! Loud!!
These folders are flimsy and hard to expand without tearing. The colors are very dull. I would not buy again! Bad.
I would have given this three stars, due to the font and tape limitations, but the fact that it can take up to 5 minutes to peel a lable, using it's useless built in tape peeling assistance "tool". Best to use an exacto knife… just be careful if you are ill-informed enough to buy ANY Brother P-touch. Prepare for ultimate frustration Impossible to peel the tape!!!!!!!
I was looking for a color that evokes a feeling of Autumn time, so I went into my local stationary store, and although the selection wasn't huge, this was one of the colors that struck me. Although the name of the color didn't describe my intentions, the color swatch assured me this was the right choice. Loaded it up in my Lamy Safari with a fine nib and the ink would not even stop skipping long enough to complete a word. Tried on several different papers including a Moleskine and Bristol Board, still nothing. Beautiful color, just refuses to start or stay started with writing. Unfortunately, not a very reliable ink. Good Looking, Not Reliable.
Well here it is, not even a month later and the sharpener no longer works. Let's see how long it takes to replace it. and now 2 weeks later, I have replaced it myself with ax XACTO School ProAnd now they want me to package it up, pay to send it back (use a bus to go to the PO)and they are going to charge me ANOTHER handling fee. But the Xacto is working beautifully. Dianne Schuch Lindsey dlschuch at Salon. com (Open Salon) I thought it was great, but it aint.
I ordered this sharpener for my classroom based on the positive reviews it received. It lasted exactly 20 days in service. I would not buy this sharpener again nor would I recommend it to anyone. Much promise but disappointing.
I haven't found one good electric sharpener yet. This is a piece of crap. It sharpens for a little while and then you can't use it anymore. Don't waste your money on this. I purchased it for my 4th grade class and I only used it for about two months and that was it. It's no good for heavy duty. Then I purchased a heavy duty one like this and that one was just as bad. They just don't make any good sharpeners anymore. Sharpener.
I bought this because of all the positive reviews on here but I was not impressed at all. Looks and feels like cheap paper. I was expecting high quality paper but was very disappointed. Not great.
Prepare for one very honest review… 3M should think twice about charging (what is tantamount to) a king's ransom for this potential doorstop. Pros:Honestly, none that I can find. (And, I usually can find SOMETHING positive to note about a product). Cons:Installation was a nightmare. I originally ordered this for the desk in my office. However, once I received the astonishingly weighty tray (over sixteen pounds), I realized that I would have to drill sizable holes in one fairly expensive desk. Rather than nervously bore holes through a valuable piece of cherry, I decided to first experiment with it on a less pricey piece. And, thank goodness for that! Not only was installation a struggle (I needed an extra person to help me), but the end results was far from ergonomic. At first, I just assumed that I would have to "get used to" it (maybe years of ingrained, bad habits would have to be broken). Turns out, this was just painful and bizarre. No matter how I altered the product, it was just awkward. And, "awkward" soon translated to aches. Perhaps 3M needs to reexamine their design… perhaps it's just a problem with me. If you were considering this on a whim, I vote that you skip it. If you came here because you are dead-set on buying this, maybe you will have better luck. (And, with these new reviews posted here, you will have a clearer idea of the potential drawbacks). Not Yet Perfected.
i have bought these hp in tanks for genral use and photo work-- all printers use up ink faster when copying photos makeing copys-- these are real ink tanks but refiled. by law they must use real tanks (plastic)but there not real hp --it may look like it-- but the ads and packeing are older styel pacaking-- they dont last at all-- get this-- when i did by them and install them my printer ink leval was clear there not real hp- ink. some them were leakeing-- i contacted one of the companys they said they get them in retail from stapels or office maxthey replaced them with same ones--- i did contact HP--ON FRAUD they are looking into this-- as 2 ov these companys were closed and law suites plus they were useing the hp web sites on boxes. i use the model HP 7510 PHOTOSMART its great---there are honest sales on none use brands iv used company ink grabersfor genral use on another document printer (epson) be carefull not to damage your printers.. and your pocket $these ink tanks are grabage yes the printer status showed there not real ink -from HPEDDY NEWTON MASS. REAL GARBAGE LIES XX.
AMAZON IS THE BEST BUY! The store named Best Buy claims to have a 30 return policy. I bought an HP printer from the so-called Best Buy store and I soon ran out of ink. I also had a terrible time with the HP printer. The HP printer had very little ink, it took forever too get the printer to start, it made a lot of noise when compared to other Brand named printers, it took a long time to print let alone shut down and it printed a test page that used up a great amount of INK without me directing it to. The HP printer also has very little INK that comes with the HP printer and when I purchased extra regular INK cartridges I ran out very soon. I found this out with HP printers; very little INK. If you buy a regular HP ink cartridge you are buying what I call a sample HP INK cartridge since it runs out of ink quickly. If you think about it the HP cartridges that show 2. 5 times more INK are the same size as the regular cartridges. You then have to ask, "how much ink do they really put in the regular OVER priced HP INK cartridges"? I considered myself cheated when I bought the regular sized cartridge. My personal opinion is that the HP 2. 5 times more INK cartridges run out after printing only about 50% more than the regular overpriced HP INK cartridges while you end up paying a lot more. The only good thing about my experience with the Best Buy store is that I was able to try out the HP INK supply and the printers' performance! I could suggest doing the same but I won't. I will state that I wasn't shy returning the HP printer to the Best Buy store because I was not afraid of this chain store and I was not satisfied with the performance of the HP Printer. Best Buy says you have 30 days to return the HP Printer you should have 30 days but this is a misnomer! I tried the HP printer I bought from the Best Buy store and I didn't like its performance. The Best Buy store states that you can return it within 30 days for a full refund if you don't like its performance. I took the Best Buy store for their word and I returned the HP printer to the Best Buy store after 25 days of use. The Best Buy store would not take the return without me signing a statement stating that I would not return anything I buy until after a 90-day period from the time I returned the HP Printer. I should have told them to F off and accept my return without signing their statement. The Best Buy store also wants a photo ID from everyone when they return something. If the item is being charged back to your credit card then you should not have too give them any ID! This amounts too invasion of privacy (Big Brother). AMAZON IS THE BEST BUY! AMAZON DOES NOT ASK FOR A PHOTO ID! My opinion is that the Best Buy store is not the BEST BUY! I believe Amazon is the BEST BUY! MY OPINION IS THAT Amazon does have the BEST BUY. Amazon is not like the so-called Best Buy store. It is my opinion that Amazon ALWAYS gives you the BEST BUY. I will stay committed to Amazon and quit buying from the so-called Best Buy store. Amazon has fantastic delivery, great service, in most states no tax, in most cases free shipping, extended warranties are available and Amazon will take care of any problems immediately, unlike the so-called Best Buy store! Save your money!
I sent the tray back. It was to be a set of 6 stacking trays. Only 1 tray was in the box. Really? If the missing 5 trays were included It would have been ideal. I sent it back.
JUNK PLASTIC, WHICH IS MADE FLUMSY. NEVER SPEND YOUR MONEY ON SUCH A THING. SPEND A LITTLE MORE AND GET SOMETHING THAT WOULD STAY TOGETHER. NOT A GOOD PRODUCT. TOO EXPENSIVE TOO.
It's junk. It's nothing like what the ad describes. The picture might look pretty good, but there is a lot of plastic in this chair that can break. The one I ordered was dead on arrival with a broken right armrest. I saw no noticeable damage on the box. So I know what happened is that the box got bounced. That's all it took to break the plastic armrest. The armrest is really a loop of plastic that is held onto the chair by one bolt. The right armrest broke all the way through exactly where the bolt was! Of course, that's where the stress would be from a bounce. The point is, it shouldn't have broken. And the inconvenience and cheapness of this thing will keep me from ever ordering another one. Don't buy it!
I love Amazon, but I am never ever buying a chair from them again. Why, because these things are a pain in the butt to return once assembled. I got this chair on December 16 2013. Today is March 5th. - that's TWO AND A HALF MONTHS. The cheap leather wannabe is now torn in two different places, and the chair is not as comfortable as you think it will be. It's kind of hard to explain, but it feels like I am falling forward, and not by design to promote good posture. As soon as you lean back, your butt moves forward. Height wise, it was no problem, but when moving around, it sounds like cranky old metal. I'm guessing by the summer, this will start losing its hydraulic, too. I paid $149. 00. No, it's not an expensive chair, but come on, two and a half months? Two words: Rip Off Absolutely, Positively Awful. No better than a $49. 00 chair.
HORRIBLE!!! Terrible experience and I am literally crying now, because I could not afford to lose $142. First of all, it arrived defective as in MOST of the screw holes were not threaded. We contacted the manufacturer and replacement parts were shipped out - THEY TOO ARE DEFECTIVE… however better. Only 2 of the screw holes were not threaded so I figured "okay, I'll have an unsteady desk.. I can live with this.. " Nope. Now the glass -seriously - DOES NOT FIT! One out of three pieces fit- the other two are TOO BIG and seriously -they do not fit. They cannot sit down. The desk is NOT USABLE like this. I got it all put together prior to figuring this out; obviously the glass goes on last. Which means I cannot ship it. I am out $142 that I did not have.. I used xmas money to buy myself a much needed desk- I am a college student and I have back pain from hunching over laptops all day. I now have no xmas money, no new desk and a big defective heap. Seriously heartbroken about the situation… -Screwed over pretty badly,Jessie R. I do NOT recommend this product or any others from this company. :( :( :( Devective product! Replacement parts -STILL DEFECTIVE.
The printer had been purchased as a replacement for a 20-year old HP Laserjet III. My expectations of the new printer had been tempered; however, the product proved more disappointing than I could bear. The unit was of flimsy build quality. Print quality was poor. There were numerous stray streeks on the printed pages. HP's once legendary service branch was of no help. I exchanged the printer for a Xerox 6130 -- WOW, what a difference!! I've been burned enough times with HP products during the last few years that it comes easy to write that this printer may well have been my last HP purchase. Bought it… and exchanged it for the Xerox 6130.
This is a terrible product. Here are the problems we've had with it:- Frequent paper jams in both the paper and scanner feed- Frequently says it's out of paper when it's not- Sometimes it gives an error while scanning or starts scanning and then never finishes- The feature that is supposed to smartly detect photo borders when scanning multiple photos often doesn't work- Confusing and annoying software with too many popups and murky choices- After changing the ink and aligning, it keeps showing the message asking you to align anyway- Confusing front panel that makes you select "Scan Color" first, even if you want to scan in B&W;I know HP can make good products, but you have to pay for them. We also have a more expensive but similar HP which works fine and has much simpler and better software. Awful, terrible, horrible.
The first printer I received had a paper feed problem (not in the auto feeder, from the paper tray). The second replacement printer HP sent will not print color for some reason and I've tried everything. This printer is extremely low end, hence the low price. It's operation and materials are of low quality. So far I've invested three hours attending to HP's problems with their defective printer. In order to get a replacement, you have to walk through their phone instructions. You then have to repackage their printer for return and drop it off to a FedEx location. I will never buy another HP low end printer as long as I live and certainly only from a distributor that excepts returns. Buying this was a huge mistake. **Update** it prints a simple pdf page with simple black text at 2 minutes per page. Beware, this printer should be free to consumers because of what HP makes on its cartridges. Two Defective Printers Received.
I bought used cartridges, and my printer wouldn't recognize them. They were in a different brand packaging. Wasted my money when I could have paid a few more bucks to get the real thing. Yes, HP cartridges don't last long. Please do not buy used cartridges.
Today's inkjet and deskjet printers are JUNK and deliberately designed to make the customer pay for them over and over again in INK COSTS!! Do yourself a HUGE favor -> if your at this page thinking of buying this ink, yeah it's probably the best one for your money… but what's so much better is if you please consider investing in a cost effective and inexpensive LASER PRINTER that suits your needs and will end up paying for itself so you NEVER need to be here again buying this!! There is a decent selection here at Amazon -> Make a WISE choice by at least taking a look at what's available before buying more inkjet INK again and AGAIN!!! WASTING OF MONEY - BUY A LASER PRINTER!!
I would not suggest ordering this item from "Linkyo" (SuperMediaStore. com) folks. They will deliver within the time THEY specify but believe me it could be days and days AFTER you have made your order. Product original HP packaging and quality but I found no savings from ordering from this company so while waiting for their item I did what I should have done in the first place… I went to WalMart and bought it for the same price but got it instantly! Sheesh can I be dumb sometimes! Company Rating not Item Rating.
Having purchased an HP 4500 officejet a while back I also picked up some ink for it. 901 color and 2 - 901 black cartridges(family does a lot of B&W; printing) I am not impressed at all with the 901 black. It is substandard at best and produces very mixed results. Usually we print stuff on FAST (economy) and while the cartridge is rated for 200 pages, we actually got around 250-300 on the first one which puts it at around 125-150 for Normal. (Usually fast/economy uses half the ink as it only does a single pass instead of two or three) The strange part is.. the second cartridge we got was terrible performance. I estimate by around 150 Fast/Economy the cartridge was starting to show it was almost out of ink already which would put it at around 75-100 pages normal!? I was a bit shocked because there was such a deviation. I did some research and found out that HP rates their Cartridges using an ISO standard Text document. They test on a J4580 printer which is an INK SAVER printer. If you do not own a J4580 then obviously you will get different results. Because it is rated on a Text document keep in mind, print out a page that is loaded with black bars(like a bar graph) it will devour your ink; yet print out a page that has only a small amount of text you could go for 300+ pages easily. I rarely complain about ink cartridges but I must say HP really should put some more ink into the standard 901 black; considering a 901XL has over 3x the rating (200 vs 700). Plus they should rate them using a "Standard" printer not an Ink Saver printer. VERY MISLEADING!! OVERALLAvoid the 901 black!! While they perform just fine and do have black ink in it that works, the cartridges performance is determined by how much black you print per page not by # of pages. I would recommend instead spending the extra money and getting the 901XL black which is rated for 700 pages. Once I got one of those I found I was able to print an entire ream of paper (500 pages) and the cartridge was still 50% full (all on economy/fast) So despite paying twice the price I already DOUBLED my output compared to a 901 standardIn short.. avoid!! get the 901XL as it will pay for itself. Avoid… Get The HP 901XL Instead.
WIFI connection is tedious and time consuming to set up - and often the printer has to be recycled several times just to find a router that is in the same room. Once the connection is set, connection has to be manually recreated every few hours - a 5 to 10 minute process. It loses the connection easily and it does NOT automatically recreate the connection like other wifi devices do. I have to reset the machine to "default settings" and start from scratch. None of my other wifi devices have this problem. They all find the router easily and if they lose it, they find it automatically, let alone having to begin from scratch. I have spent time with their technical support on the telephone, numerous times, who confirmed that this is NORMAL behavior. Also, my router is very reliable when it comes to other devices. Even guests visiting with devices have no trouble using the wifi. The Brother machine seems to use its own proprietary approach to wireless and therein lies a problem. That is, you have to load special software onto every machine that will print wireless. So don't expect guests with computers using your wifi to easily print from their computers via wifi unless you invest the time to load the software. The user interface for other functions is very kludgey and unreliable. I often have trouble getting this thing just to make a copy. Seriously. Overall I feel that I wasted $300 and a lot of time. You know, I research so carefully before I buy; I read reviews, make comparisons, and review product literature. Buying this piece - particularly for the purpose of printing wireless - was a VERY bad move. PS: If you check my history of Amazon reviews, I think you will find it is rare that I am as unhappy with a product let alone furious as I am with this one and this company. I will not buy from this company again and I will strongly recommend that friends and family avoid products by the Brother Company. WIRELESS IS DIFFICULT AND UNRELIABLE.
The basics: Textured plastic surface (probably to aid old-school ball mice to track) with a Post-It-type glue back to hold in place either on your desk or on the top of your laptop when you're on the go. My reaction: I do not like the feel of the textured surface. It irritated my hand as I used the mouse. My optical mouse did not like the pattern on the surface, and the cursor would jump occasionally. Not very useful. I get better results just using the mouse on the table top. No good.
Other purchasers may have been luckier than myself, but I sent this back for a refund. It did not work as advertised, other than it did indeed stick/restick, as mentioned in the description. But it did not give a smoother "mousing" experience. I placed the 'pad' directly on my computer desk (which is really a long conference table with a hutch so I could turn it into a 'computer desk' of sorts) surface. Unfortunately, my mouse (an optical Hewlett Packard precision laser tracking mouse) skipped all over the place. I had greater success with mouse/cursor movement placing the mouse directly ON the table surface. I also did not get extended battery life, as, ironically, I had to put in new batteries about 2 weeks(? ) after it arrived in the mail, lol. So IMO, if you are looking for a better alternative to a foam mouse pad/smoother mousing experience, I would not personally recommend the 3M Precise Optical Mousing Surface. It did not live up to its advertising. (But as always, the return process with amazon. com was a breeeze. ) Does not work as advertised (my experience).
At first, I liked this pen very much. But it leaked ink on a nice dress shirt, ruining it. Apparently, they cannot put liquid ink in a retractable pen like this without some of the pens leaking. Bummer, not only because of the ruined shirt but also because I liked the way the pen worked. IT LEAKED AND RUINED A SHIRT!! :(.
This will work for a short time, after which you can tap, pound, plead, jiggle and anything else you can think of, and nothing will come out of it. I just tossed the two that I purchased. A waste of money. A loser.
Your comment couldn't be more true. I hope someone gets a Class Action lawsuit going to stop HP madness. Their INK cartridge information isn't nearly correct. Look at Epson and the Class Action lawsuit they had to settle due to false claims. Thanks for confirming what I thought was HP hype. When you buy the 2. 5 times longer ink cartridge and the cartridge is the same size as the regular ink cartridge you have too ask yourself why is it the same size? Then you think again about the regular sized ink cartridge taking up the same amount of space as the XL cartridge and it all adds up. The regular size is what I call a "SAMPLE PACK" which may be the same amount you get when you buy the HP printer and find out you got only a SAMPLE PACK!!!!! RUN FOREST, RUN AWAY FROM HP. Run FOREST, RUN FROM HP.
I usually purchase my ink cartridges directly from HP. I will certainly do that in the future. It may have been retailer packaging but these cartridges haven't worked since I put them in. I get an error messages from my printer, it shows the ink levels almost gone when I've only printed 4-5 items (most of which were my test/clean printheads pages), and when I try to print, the color is streaked and very faint. Even a diagnostic or clean printheads won't print correctly. I wasted $26 and will have to purchase these cartridges again (from HP this time) in order to use this printer! Would not recommend anyone purchase from this seller. Substandard product. Wouldn't buy these cartridges again!
The printers for this type of ink are the worst of the worst. The new ink cartridges are like sample cartridges. I would stay away from HP like the plague. If you want a "sexually transmitted disease" or "pound a nail in your head" I would go for it but I would rather do that than keep paying for HP Ink. HP is living off an old reputation. I have an "HP Photosmart Premium eAll in One" printer with two drawers. I print primarily on a setting of "Plain paper, fast draft, Black" with most of my printing done on 3 1/2" shipping labels that have only mailing and return addresses on them. I use the same setting while printing on standard letter paper. This type of setting is perfect for what I do. I printed only 264 - 8 1/2" x 11" pages with the above settings, 1,354 3 1/2 x 5 shipping labels with the above settings and I used color on only 3 - 4X6" photos. My color ink is exhausted after using the original ink that came with the printer and a complete set of 5 new printer inks (Photo Black, Black XL and C,Y,M. I asked HP why did the color deplete and their comment was that I am getting a false report from my printer yet they cannot explain why my printer won't print because I am out of C,M,Y and standard XL Black. I had to replace the Photo Black twice! What is going on with HP? My opinion is HP is putting starter ink in all of the over priced new cartridges. HP: STOP THIS MADNESS AND TREAT THE CONSUMER LIKE A HUMAN AND NOT LIKE A PRODUCT!!!!! START TREATING US WITH RESPECT AND YOU WILL NOT GET COMMENTS LIKE THIS. Epson has far surpassed HP in quality and Ink retention. Low capacity Ink - HP got it right for their company.
HP has really raised the level with the printer ink scam. They must play golf with the corporate executives who work in the men's razor blade industry. My HP printer has a lot of great features but aside from having terrible drivers, it runs out of ink FAST and I only print occasionally. The older HP printer I had previously was alright and had ink cartridges that lasted many months with the same usage as with my new printer. So, now we basically have to buy their XL cartridges to get the same life as their previous "standard" cartridges, all for a much higher price than before, and they package new printers with cartridges that are ultra low on ink and assume we're all just dumb hicks who won't notice. No more HP printers after this one. Buy another brand printer.
Item came from "Ink EXPRESS", the product indicated that it was sold in the retail packaging, including a picture of same. When I received the item it was enclosed in bubble wrap, NOT retail packaging. Not as advertised.
HP has informed me there not real ink tanks , there refilled and used for displays in stores, there retail!! with a short time use and can jam damage your hp printer, hp will not cover any damages from useing this and many wont fit!!! AMAZON NEEDS TO KNOW THE FACTS!! im not a dealer for amazon or HP , only a AMAZON CUSTMER-most of my printers are HP-- not the real thing buyers.
More like 25-50 pages. This is so misleading and so frustrating. HP has got to come up with a better solution, I hate running out so frequently. I rarely print and the 10000 applications HP installed with my printer start forcefully reminding me to buy another cartridge within a week or two. ugghhhhh. 250 pages???
I've spent several hours trying to figure out why this printer won't show up on a list of printers for wireless connecting. What's made this completely frustrating is how seemingly random and generic every HP support page or pdf is. A hour into troubleshooting seeing HP in the URL meant 'no useful information. ' (I've given up trying to use the school's HP P2055dn, and purchased a Brother printer to use instead. I decided to stop wasting anymore time and give up when the tip was &#34;look at page 80&#34; of a 144 page manual. If there's a fix, I couldn't find it. Terrible Support.
I had an Epson 2200. I loved it. I upgraded to this. I hate it in every way. You have to swap out the ink from matte to glossy if you change paper types. It insists you do. There is no way around it (There was on the 2200). This means that every time I print on a DVD, I have to switch the ink. To do so, the printer primes itself and literally takes 7-10% of the ink to do it. Then to switch it back there goes another 7%. I have gone through so much ink I can hardly stand to look at it. Sorry Epson, but the jig is up. This swapping ink system is a scam. Just for kicks, here is the final straw that triggered this review:I had just printed a glossy b&W; print. Then I needed to print a CD so I switched out the photo-black to the matte-black like a little monkey. As the printer primed the inks, it literally ran itself out the last 10% of both magenta and light cyan. Now I can't print. I have to go to the store and buy more colored ink. Of course this is NUTS since I was only doing black and white prints. Yuck. POJ.
This plastic stand appears to be well constructed, but badly designed. If your computer happens to be the exact size, design, and weight distribution for which this unit is probably designed, then it might work for you. Mine is a little taller and narrower than the usual boxy CPU model (A Dell XPS Studio) but within the limits posted for the unit, it just sits there trying to balance, but there is space left over to either side. I selected it because my CPU has the ventilation on the sides and I needed a unit that didn't cover them up. The stand does not grip the sides,there is no lock mechanism to lock the width so it will hold on to the sides (only the wheels lock). The CPU just balances on the base with no side support. My purpose for getting a stand is not to just raise the CPU off the floor, but to be able to move it back and forth under the desk when I need to check a connection. My previous metal stands made by Fellowes worked this way, but the high sides covered up the ventilation holes on this particular computer. Since this is just a suspension device that doesn't really hold on to the unit, I feel uncomfortable putting my CPU on this unit and hope it doesn't fall off. Does not provide a secure base.
The first line of this item's description reads "Suitable for any size Notebook Computer". Nonsense, my 17" laptop slips and slides all over the plastic surface of this swivel pad. Only one side has the little gel nodules so you have to use that at the bottom or the swivel pad will slip and slide all over the place because laptops are not that heavy as opposed to televisions, speakers, etc. I'm going to Home Depot now to see if I can find some more gel nodules to use on the top but this will likely elevate the height and at 0. 8", it already feels too high. In addition, the ball bearings they mention in the description, you wouldn't know they are there. It doesn't spin that smoothly, particularly with only the weight of a laptop. Thumbs down for laptop use. *Added 2 weeks later*Ok I figured out how to use this product for a laptop. You need to buy some shelf grip liner from Target or Walmart - I paid $4. 99 for a roll. Cut it to fit the top and bottom of the turntable and everything should hold into place quite nicely. Why they couldn't design this more thoughtfully I don't know but at least there is a fix. Not for laptops.
I got these due to the great reviews - what a mistake! Every eraser in the box has broken right off the first time it was used, so we had to get cap erasers for them all. Also, they break often while being sharpened. Both of my kids also commented about how hard these pencils are to sharpen, so it's not just me! Never used such a bad pencil - erasers break right off!
"100 Count per Box, 10 boxes per order" so you should get 1000 total paperclips. It is lying though. You only get 1 box of 100 paperclips. Not what product says.
I bought the package of these pens and now I regret it more than I can say. Every single pen from that box bleeds ink. I get it on my hands and smears all over my paper. As I said it is each one because I won't use the one's that leak, so I kept trying and not one didn't bleed. Wouldn't get it again. They had to go in the trash. Bleeds ink. Horrible.
I will not purchase this product again. It broke right away, due to my work schedule, I was not able to return earlier. did not work right.
When I need to laminate small items, such as IDs and insurance cards, I take a piece of 2" clear packing tape and put it on both sides. I then use sissors to trim the "laminated" item. The LS960 uses a very similar method, but the "tape" is about 8. 6" wide. Unfortunately, the rollers apply the laminate in an uneven manner, with bubbles or most often with severe wrinkles. I actually think that applying the laminate by hand, instead of using this machine, would do a better job. I can't give more than one star, because it doesn't do what it claims to do. Packing tape does a better job and costs less.
For years I have used clear packing tape to laminate tags and even whole sheets of paper, so I thought this item would be pretty useful. Wrong! It's so difficult to prevent bubbles, creases, and outright jams from occurring that I was better off with my roll of clear packing tape. I liked that it was electricity free because I could take it anywhere and not need to find an outlet, or bring an extension cord. It is a lot better smelling than the heat-type laminators. (That melting plastic smell is awful in a closed office. ) But those are about the extent of the positives. It just doesn't work very well. You feed your item to be laminated into the machine and start turning the roller (which is on the wrong side of the machine for most of the right handed population). The tape cartridge has tape on the top and bottom which (is supposed to) evenly stick to your item and get pressed together by the rollers as it feeds through the machine. Heaven forbid there is a speck of dust, or animal hair, or lint, anywhere near the machine because I guarantee it will end up stuck between your freshly laminated document! The thing is a dust magnet, and the tape cartridge is not well covered to keep it clean. Then, most of the time there will be air bubbles and creases in the finished product which you need to use your fingers or a cloth to try to smooth and press out. A pin hole stuck in the middle of an air bubble helps smooth it out. This is just too much effort for the finished product. And make sure you leave a 1/2" of extra tape on either end when you use the trimmer. Otherwise the tape starts to peel apart and the document is useless. If all of this wasn't bad enough, the replacement tape cartridges cost nearly as much as the whole unit. Granted they give you a pretty generous 90 feet, but it's still a big investment for a product that doesn't really live up to it performance objectives. I would say stick with the heat laminators as they work a lot better than this dog. Sorry Scotch, this thing is a dog.
This is a terrible product. I was able to get the very first page to laminate correctly. But the laminating paper was barely wide enough to cover the paper. It left less than 0. 1 inches of clearance on each side. After the very first page, every subsequent page came out crooked and not entirely laminated. I tried readjusting the paper guide and it did not help. Even though the paper lined up between the guide, every page still came out crooked with part of the paper outside the laminated area. If I had paid for this product I would return it immediately. Since I didn't, I'm dumping it in the trash. Complete piece of junk.
I have had this thing for about an hour now and am sooooooo ready to throw it away. When I first opened the box I "thought" I was impressed with the quality feel of it's build… but soon learned it is just a thicker plastic crappy body versus thinner plastic. Most would think, "Hey, thicker plastic… sounds stronger"… uh no, just more cumbersome and heavy for no reason because the doors and hinges are still fragile. The tray you see sticking out of the back is removable to make storing it a bit easier because you will want to store it. There are no doors or covers to close off the back of the unit, which is where you feed the paper object in you want to laminate… this is a stupid design because it leaves the laminating roll open to dust and whatever things are floating around in the air settling on your desk or wherever you store this (think animal fur and dust balls… LOTS of them because this sucker is LOADED with static and will attract EVERYTHING that comes near it). The rear opening is just 2 layers of tape essentially that come together over your paper… the sticky is all exposed in the rear and if it even catches the smallest hair or dust… helllllllo permanent bubbles on your so-called laminated paper. Now, using this thing… no heat, so no plug (the only YAY for this thing). There is a handle on the LEFT side that you rotate slowly in a clockwise direction as you manually push your paper through the back. The idea is that those 2 sheets of tape will adhere on top & bottom of your paper and pop out the front looking all laminated… and a simply swipe of a razor blade (which is safely contained) will trim the edge leaving your machine ready for the next job… nice theory Scotch. 1st thing, what percentage of the population is right handed versus left handed?? I'm not really sure and don't really care but can say that being right handed I would have preferred that handle to be on the right side since the rotation of that is the most important part of the process. Getting the rotation timed just right with your other hand pushing the paper through is VERY important… and in my hour of trying this thing, darn near impossible! Your papers will 95% of the time come out with bubbles and 99. 9% of the time have creases, sometimes severe creases. You can sometimes work the bubbles out by taking a soft towel or something similar and rubbing like your life depends upon it… or sticking a needle in the middle of the hole and also rubbing til you sweat to smooth it out. The creases… yeah, they aren't going anywhere so learn to like them if you get this machine. If you are lucky (and it surely is luck cuz this thing is not predictable) and happen to get a paper to come out looking rather good… take a picture because it is probably the last. As with all laminators, you need to trim the edges, but don't trim too close (needs 1/2" to remain adhered together) or the ends will unstick and then your paper looks even worse than when it first came out of the machine (who woulda thunk that could be possible? ). EVERYTHING that comes out of it needs to be pressed/rubbed to get it all stuck together because the built-in roller that is supposed to do that is a joke. I will give Scotch one thing… the roller is super easy to change and comes in a glossy or matte finish. I haven't had the luxury to try the matte finish… but with the hair that I have pulled outta my head in the past hour, don't think I'm gonna be giving it a try. For smaller objects (like ID cards), good ol' tape across each side and then trimmed works a heck of a lot better than this… is cheaper and takes less time. For larger sheets of paper, buy something else or find a Kinkos because this is a total waste of money. Out of 23 things I laminated in the past hour, 4 look OK and only 1 came out some-what nice. Such a disappointment!! A hit or miss item… mostly a miss.
This uses non standard packing tape rolls, forcing you to look for and buy special sized Scotch ones. This fact makes this tape dispenser practically useless and you are much better off getting theScotch HB-903 Scotch Tartan Pistol Grip Box Sealing Tape Dispenser, Uses 2"-Wide Tapeinstead. The Tartan one has provided me years of usage both at home and in my business. And it uses industry standard 2" wide tape rolls of any length. Maybe if you are a Grandma who only tapes a package once a year around the holidays or something like that, this would work for you but that is the only type of customer who could use this product over something more utilitarian and industry standard. Even Grandma would have to work very hard to locate the special proprietary refill tape rolls for this tape dispenser rather than just buy any standard tape roll! Would you want to put her through that? Not me. In summary, I would absolutely not recommend this product to anyone. Almost useless - uses non standard packing tape rolls.
Is nasty. i don't why it charge too much. I think is only worth $0. 25. That's it. don't waster your money Is a joker.
Don't waste your money. Wrote only 5 To and From's on Christmas labels, stopped working, then leaked all over my hands, dining room table and wood floors. Ruined two home made Christmas cards. Go to the local dollar store and buy a pack of gold and silver ink pens for $1. 00. MUCH better; they wrote more fluently, more ink in the writing and not one leak or mess. Don't waste your money.
The inside cover of this organizer has a grid on which you can track your tasks. That is somewhat helpful. The rest of the organizer are pockets with an area to write in and stuff your documents. Not really sure how this helps since I can't see myself carrying around a lot of project related documents; I am more likely to file them hard copy or electronically. The organizer is really just a glorified notebook of sorts. Not very useful.
This thing is awful! It is bulky and way too busy with all of the bold lines everywhere. It's already in the trash! Terrible!!
Man I wanted to like this product so bad it hurt! The ease of going paperless seemed to good to be true and in the end it was. First and foremost the 50 page maximum scan at one time is a joke. That's only IF it counts all the papers correctly, or doesn't jam, or doesn't miscount. The clarity on this thing was awful for black and white documents. Even after I fooled with the settings. I would say let me try my hand at another similar machine but I think I'm done. I wanted to like it.
I didn&#8217;t think I could find a product that would fail in every single way that it could, but this one actually did it. All of its features were either defective or poor in quality. It&#8217;s actually funny in a twisted sort of way. Failed in every respect.
DO NOT BUY… I BROUGHT THIS ONE AND THE SMALL ONE, THEY DO NOT TELL YOU THAT YOU CAN'T RE-INSTALL THIS, IF YOU LOSE YOUR MACHINE OR IF YOU HAVE TO RESTORE THE MACHINE. I WAS SO MAD, IT IS NICE, BUT IF YOU EVER HAVE TO INSTALL YOUR SOFTWARE AGAIN YOU CAN'T. I EVEN CALLED THEM ON THIS, WHEN I DISCOVERED I COULD NO LONGER INSTALL THE PROGRAM, SO BEWARE. CALL AND ASK. ITS SAD YOU BROUGHT A MACHINE OR EQUIPMENT AND ONE TIME INSTALL IS NOT ENOUGH OR EVEN TWICE. WHAT A RIP OFF, PLUS YOU CAN ONLY INSTALL THIS ON ONE MACHINE AND NOT TWO. SO THERE YOU GO. BEFORE YOU BUY ALL THESE SCANNERS, CHECK IF YOU WANT REINSTALL AND IF ITS UNLIMITED RE-INSTALL. DO NOT BUY.
What a joke. Hardly detects anything correctly. And what it does detect, it places in the wrong column. Basically, this is a scanner where you then need to enter 95% of everything manually. Business cards, receipts, invoices, all messed up and require manual fields entry to correct NEATDESK mistakes or out right failures to recognize. Played with scan settings, did the software update, and still just extremely poor results. Tried various types of business cards as well as documents and invoices. Nada. Just plain junk. Naturally, this is going back. I bought mine from one of those shopping channels. Not Amazon. Maybe $69 would be a fare asking price, but not anything over that. This is basically just a scanner. And a poor one at that. OCR from the blind. Anyone giving this more than 1 star is no doubt satisfied with entering ALL the data manually after EACH AND EVERY scan. 195 1-star reviews can't be wrong. Junk is junk at any price. Now I know why so many 1 star.
The desktop versions of Neatworks worked pretty well for me but I made the mistake of hitting the software update button before I realized that by doing so, I lost the ability to access all of the data that I had scanned into Neat. In my case it was only my business cards, but it would have been a TOTAL DISASTER if I had put critical documents into the Neat system. I complained to Neat and was given a download for the desktop version to reinstall. HOWEVER, NONE OF MY BACKUP FILES ARE COMPATIBLE WITH IT!!!!! DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT TO ARCHIVE IMPORTANT DOCUMENTS. ANOTHER CAUTIONARY NOTE:Many companies come here to review what is being said about their product and often leave comments in reply to reviews offering some kind of explanation or remedy for the problem. Go through the many negative comments about Neat products and you will see that Neat has made no effort whatsoever to interact with their customers. DO NOT RELY ON THIS PRODUCT TO ARCHIVE YOUR DOCS.
My bad. I did not read the fine print: requires OS 10. 6 or greater. It won't work on my trusty workhorse, the MacBook, version 1. I will update this review when I buy a new laptop, but based on many, many reviews, it sounds like this is not all it's cracked up to be. Not compatible with trusty little MacBook.
I use the scanner, but with other software, because the software that came with it was too cumbersome. I had to purchase something new each time I upgraded my computer, when all I needed was a new driver. I did some research and discovered there are other scanners on the market with better customer support and more streamlined software. I purchased one of the other scanners and have been satisfied ever since. Cumbersome, more expensive than advertised, poor support.
The scanner is fine. I used it with the desktop software to keep my business cards organized and it worked well. But Neat kept bugging me to "update" the software so I did. HUGE mistake, one that I regret. You have to go online to use it now and use their "cloud" services. I am not interested in their "cloud" services. The software is so bad they have videos for you to learn how to use it. VIDEOS to learn how to use something as simple as keeping a database of business cards. I would STAY away from this. I guess I am going back to the old physical notebook to keep my business card contacts. Used to love it, Now I hate it.
Amazon's little personalized box says these will fit my MP610 printer. Not so. The MP610 takes CLI-8 color cartridges. The pictured CLI-221 cartridges are for use with the 610's successor, the MP560 (Canon's retrograde numbering system for its printers confuses matters even more). Be sure not to pay postage for the return. Be wary, MP610 owners.
I'm sure there is nothing wrong with this ink, but it does not work with the Canon MP610 printer. Amazon's webpage indicates it is compatible and there is even a picture of the MP610 on the enclosed brochure, so Canon is under the same misconception. As always, Amazon's return procedures make it easy to send items back for a full refund. Does not work with the MP610.
The main reason why I picked this printer was for its wireless printing capability. It has proven to be a nightmare to install this printer-I have an iMac-. I think you need an engineering degree to install this printer. I spent over one hour setting this up, and at the end, I was unable to register this printer linked to my Mac. I will try again tomorrow. It is frustrating and one reason why people usually buy a simpler printer. I will update this review ASAP A nightmare to install.
The 210XL gives you 66% more ink (15ml vs 9ml). It also doesn't cost much more. The only reason the regular 210 cartridge exists is so they can give you less than a full tank of ink when you buy the printer. Don't fall for it, buy the bigger 210XL. Buy the 210XL instead.
Works as ink is supposed to, but it's very expensive. Will never buy a Canon inkjet again. Will stick to laser printers. It's black ink, but it's priced like gold.
Just received this printer today, and the photo printing doesn't work. Called Epson and had to go through the process of testing out the printer for problems. After the test, they suggested that I return the printer. Their process for return takes 5-10 business days. Amazon got me the printer in 2 days, and is now sending me a replacement that will be here in 2 days! Amazon is great; Epson consumer printers I'm no longer sure about. I've had five of their printers go out on me, each within three years. And I'm not talking heavy use of their printers, but I do rely on their printers for my business. So my advice is to keep your packaging when it arrives. There has been more than one complaint about this and other Epson printers. Test out everything when you get the printer. Don't wait. Also, the above description gives the impression that Automatic Duplexer comes with the printer. It doesn't. It's a $29. 99 accessory that you must purchase from the Epson store. The print quality of Epson printers are great, but the hardware just doesn't seem stable, at least over the long haul. Be sure to register the warranty and get it extended for 2 yrs because that's just about long their printers seem to last. Update: Turns out that I needed to insert the photo glossy paper face down (glossy side down) in order for it print correctly. The Epson support team did not tell me that when I called the first time. I missed reading that part in the manual. So over-all, the printer seems to be working okay. Now we will see how long it will last. June 16, 2009 Update: Well, while the printer has been working fairly well, I want to add some additional cons to this review:1. The autoduplixer is extremely noisy when printing. If you're printing a long document, you might want to just leave the run and come back. It's very annoying. 2. The settings for the autoduplixer don't always work. If you're for example trying to print a back-to-back document, you sometimes have to first set it to standard printing, and then go back and make changes for two-sided printing. If you simply use a preset that you created for two-sided printing, it won't always work. 3. Forget about using paper with the 3-rings holes already punched in. The Artisan 700 can't handle that paper. It gets jammed. 4. Creating setting for simply copies on the flatbed instead of from the computer seriously demands your patience. You have to click through a series of buttons to make it happen. Overall, I just can't say enough about how difficult that all-in-one printer is. It's smaller in size that previous all-in-one Epson models, but it's bigger in problems. I'm not sure if there are better printers out there on the market, but I would strongly advise if anyone look into other options. Photo printer didn't work.
I cannot imagine Epson getting any repeat customers after this atrocity of a printer! The problems: (1) If one ink cartridge needs replacing, the whole printer shuts down - you cannot use the scanner; (2) I'd estimate a cartridge's life to be about 50 prints; and (3) The biggest "surprise" of all, after a littler over 500 total prints, the internal counters are set to give you an "Inkpad" error message, recommending you to purchase a new printer since the pads are expensive to replace. Your purchase dollars do not go far with this printer. Avoid! Avoid like the plague!
You can get 13ml of ink in the XL, 44% more than the 9ml in the regular 211. And it isn't much more expensive. So don't buy this one, buy the 211XL. 211XL a better deal.
I have to use one of these at work. I despise having to use it. Sometimes I'll print things at home just to avoid using it. My boss' wife used this printer before me, and she kept insisting that it was broken to her husband/my boss. He sent it in to be repaired, and they sent us a new one, no questions asked. That's suspicious. Well my boss' wife insisted that the new one was broken as well. He purchased a Canon for her and gave me this one to see if I could get it to work for me. I can't. It takes anywhere between 3-10 minutes to make it print something. I will press the print button on my computer and it will make a sound like "eeee. eeee. eeee. eeee. thhhhlrup. eeee. eeee. eeee. thhhlrup ceuuuuuuuu. eeee. eeee. eeee. eeee. " Once while I was printing something my boss asked if I was okay because he heard the noise and thought I was choking on something. After about 3 or 4 rounds of the sounds and some sputtering, it will finally print. For some reason, the first page always takes the longest. After it starts printing, it doesn't have to go through its routine again unless you let it go without printing for ten minutes. Another awful thing: the paper tray. I dread it when I actually have to load this thing. If I don't line the paper up exactly right, it will jam constantly later on. The back wall of the tray is slanted, making it very hard to line the paper up right and keep it in a tight stack. If I let the paper stack at a slant, the printer will angrily beep at me to correct it. I JUST replaced the ink, and not a day later, after printing three pages, I get a low ink warning. I pulled out the cartridges and looked. There is plenty of ink. Every week I get a message telling me to clean the head. So I do, even though its just as spotless as I left it the week before because I haven't actually printed anything. The tray that catches printed papers is flimsy, at best. Ergonomically, I like the printer. The screen is easy to use, and adjusting the screen is very easy. The plastic seams are smooth everywhere except the tray that holds printed papers. There are no problems opening the printer up. The operating system on the printer is straightforward and simple. The scanner works dandy. This printer was very well thought out and designed, and it's a shame that the mechanical components were not up to par. The only thing this printer isn't good at is printing. Update: 7/2/12Printer gave out on me, permanently. It kept jamming, beeping at me to clean the print head, replace the ink, remove paper from the top tray and two other things I can't even remember. Then it beeped at me to turn it off. I did. I guess I put it out of its misery because I haven't been able to turn it on since. Going to try to get a refund. I feel bad that my boss actually paid money for this. The worst printer I have ever used.
Purchased locally in 2010 for every so often, light color projects. To make this brief:Cons:- It takes forever to get its act together at start up, and when changing ink. - The paper tray is a horror show; the designer of this tray was probably related to Freddy Krueger… get use to numerous paper jams, and heavy stock will make it cry. - Installation is confusing… with separate software installs for the scanner, along with a hit and miss network setup; re-installing drivers is not something you'd want to look forward to. - The CD loader and paper catch are laughably flimsy. - It's big, heavy and ugly to be quite honest. - Ink runs out fast, and most recently, I can't get two NEW inks to print, even after many attempts at every option on the maintenance menu (this is what finally set me off to post here). Pros:- The scanner works well for attaching PDFs to email, and that's about all this baby is doing these days. At least that doesn't require printing, on this "printer". Do yourself a favor, stay clear of this useless monolith. I think I'll switch to Cannon next time, because I've had even worst issues with anything from HP (printer, laptop). Plus, HP's tech support is horrific. A Train Wreck.
I am an engineer, and any engineer working for Epson should be embarrassed to admit they work for this company. Today I am throwing out a perfectly good, like brand new Epson Artisan 800 printer simply because the "Printer ink pads are at the end of their service life. Please contact Epson support. ". I am not kidding. My printer has printed less than 1000 pages, and when the ink pads that take the excess ink get full, Epson has it set up so that the printer shuts down and is no longer useable. I am not making this up- it comes straight from Epson. Virtually every time you use the printer after a day of non-use, it goes through a full cycle of head cleaning that literally shoots a tablespoon of ink into the pads. Yes, I am serious, I tested it with my own eyes and have seen other's videos of this. You can turn off the automatic head cleaning, but then you have to deal with frequent bad pages, so it is a catch 22 situation. Anyway, after talking to Epson, I was offered a "deal" on the Artisan 835 to replace this one… Yes, I am serious, Epson designed this unit to be thrown away when it is in perfect condition simply because the ink pads are full. You ask, you mean they didn't simply make it so you could remove the ink pad, clean it, and reset the printer and keep on printing? Yes, that is what I am saying. Their engineers should have their diplomas stripped. You can buy software to reset the printer (but not from Epson), and then go through the process of removing and cleaning your ink pads. What a joke! Epson should have built the availability to do this easily themselves. If they think their planned obsolescence of the printer will make them more money, think again. I will never buy another Epson inkjet printer. Don't buy this… I am serious.
After getting burned by expensive Epson printers in the past I vowed not to give Epson another chance ever, but this product seemed almost too good to be true. What others have pointed out - and what I didn't notice at first either - is that Epson will go to any length to embellish the truth about their products. Notice how it reads "built-in double sided printing" in the product description. Then you see three asterisks pointing to the fine print that says "only on a Mac and only with the optional duplexer. " Sorry Epson, last time I checked "built-in" was still defined as "present," not something you have to shell out extra dough for. More importantly, and in contrast to the high quality pictures you get from Canon machines in the same price range, Epson's inks are only fade-resistant - and they don't tell you how long they'll actually last. Stay away from Epson and get yourself something better. Misleading specs.
I shook this pen for 3 full minutes and it still did not produce any white ink. I truly dislike being sent an out dated product. Do not buy! No ink.
This is a good quality printer but it cost a lot to operate! We have this printer for few months and we have already replaced ink cartridge 6 times! yes, 6 times! We do not use the printer often - just occasional for printing homework for school or work. If one of the ink cartridges is low (not even empty! ), this machine shut down and won't even print anything until you replace it to a new cartridge. I used to have HP printer and it operates until the ink cartridge is empty… So get ready to spend money for ink cartridges if you are buying this printer… get ready to spend money for ink cartridges if you are buying this printer.
I was given a chance to review an Epson printer. I never owned or used an Epson printer so I'm excited t see what all the hype is about. First off the printer looks cool but feels CHEAP! I had to take another look to make sure this was an Epson. So I hooked it up and started printing. I'm NOT impressed with this printer. Let me break down the pros and cons so we can get to the point. Pros: Print quality is decent while the cartridges last. It is quick, but then just about everything sold is pretty quick these days. Printer looks cool. The printer is pretty quite. Cons: After about 10 photo prints and some coloring pages my kids printed, the ink was done! A new set of chipped OEM cartridges costs as much as the printer. Paper feed is as clumsy, it will not let you use aftermarket ink products and goes through ink like the ink is free. Compatible cartridges are perfect physical match, rejected electronically!! Summary: The big deal with this printer is the cost of OEM ink.. If you plan to print more than 3 color PPY (pages per year) with this printer, save your money. If you plan to print fewer than 3 PPY with this printer, save your money anyway: One or two print head cleanings will deplete a $75. 00 OEM cartridge set! Yikes! Stay far, far away from this awful product. I was really disappointed with Epson. I'm staying with my HPs and Canon printers. STAY AWAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYY.
I was amazed at how quickly the ink kept running out. The standard capacity model is horrific. You have to get the high capacity just to make it last more than a couple of months with minimal use. I wasn't printing much at all and it was as if the ink just evaporated. I would pull out the cartridge, shake it, but no change. After spending way too much on ink I finally got rid of the printer and switched to laser and a different brand. No more Epson for me. Does the ink evaporate??!!
I was amazed at how quickly the ink kept running out. I wasn't printing much at all and it was as if the ink just evaporated. I would pull out the cartridge, shake it, but no change. After spending way too much on ink I finally got rid of the printer and switched to laser and a different brand. No more Epson for me. High-capacity my a**.
There is nothing premium about these "Canon 104 Compatible" cartridges. When you consider the wasted paper from having to reprint documents to see if you can find a document without lines or spots on many of the pages. If you don't care about having to reprint then go ahead and purchase this product. But if you need a reliable cartridge, one that will create pages without spots or lines where there is not supposed to be ones, then purchase an authentic CANON CARTRIDGE. NOT COMPATIBLE WHEN YOU CONSIDER THE WASTED PAPER.
This "compatible" toner cartridge is not the same as the original one from Canon. It prints just great on regular paper. I print post cards for my business. I found that the toner won't stick to the post cards at all. The toner is smeared all over the place. I didn't have this problem with the Canon toner cartridge. So to me, this toner cartridge is useless. That is why you see the reviews are either very good or very bad. When it works, it is great. You pay less than half of the real thing. But when it doesn't work, then it is useless. I am not going to buy another printer to print the things that this toner catridge cannot print. I know the cost of genuine Canon cartridge is very high per page. But this "compatible" one is simply not compatible. If you print more than plain printer paper, do not buy this. It is not "compatible".
Well, based on the reviews it seemed like an okay product. Unfortunately such is not the case. The marker didn't work. The surface of the board itself is poor and very soon erasing previous listings was nearly impossible. Pretty much a waste of money. Don't buy it.
I have tried a number of fountain pens and I haven't hated any like I do this one. I converted this to an eye dropper and it leaked all over the place. But, leaving that aside, I find the nib to be scratchy. It's unpleasant to write with. Within just days of having this pen, it doesn't write at all anymore although I can see it still has ink in it. If you want a dirt cheap fountain pen, do yourself a favor and get either a Pilot Varsity or Pilot Petit. Both of those have a much much smoother nib, and a nice wet inky nature. And if you would like an entry fountain pen that's got a bit more class, go for the Pilot Metropolitan. I don't know how or why, but Pilot just seems to consistently make smooth nibs, even at low price points. Note- the color of this ink really is violet. It is not purple. It's what you would expect magenta tinged with a little bit of blue to look like - violet, not purple. I like it. I'll also add that I've tried this pen out at several different art stores to see if maybe mine was just a dud, but everywhere I have tried it, it still had that unpleasant feel to the nib and half the testers didn't write at all- just like mine now! get a Pilot Varsity or Petit instead.
After seeing all these glowing reviews, I'm wondering if maybe I got a bad batch. I wanted to try these as alternatives to Expo because they're so much cheaper. The thing is, I found Expos much easier to read than these; that is to say, the Endura-Glide markers were writing about as well brand new as my regular Expos do when I'm ready to throw them out after a few weeks' use. I was not satisfied with the saturation of color, my students complained they could not see what I was writing, so I threw out the box after trying all four markers once. These are cheap, but much too light for classroom use.
Original Review (really liked this phone at the beginning):This Philips ID555 cordless answering machine phone is DECT 6. 0 and comes from the Philips' Design Collection. It features:200 entry phonebook50 entry call logA selection of ringtonesCaller ID130 hours standby time10 hours talk time30 minutes of answering machine timeSpeakerphonePer the Product Packaging:Handset is 8. 5"W, 6. 93"H & 3. 07"DThe phone was designed in Europe & made in ChinaThe phone has "very low energy consumption"Overall, I really like this phone/answering machine. It is stylish, low profile & user friendly. Set up is easy and the set-up features (clock, message, ringtone, etc. ) are very easy to figure out and accomplish. Call quality is good and range is very good. The phone comes with a quick start guide and a regular user manual (separate manuals/guides in English, French & Spanish). My only complaint is that I couldn't find an extension handset anywhere even though it looks like the phone has been out for awhile. I feel that the availability of an extension handset is critical when looking to purchase a home phone. I've emailed Philips customer support, and found out that Philips has discontinued manufacturing landline phones & never put the extension handset for this product into manufacturing. There are no extension handsets available at all. If you can get by with one phone/answering machine, this is a nice unit. However, since it is out of production, this is a fact you should take into consideration. Overall Impression of the Phone - 5 StarsEase of Finding an Extension Handset - 1 Star4/19/10:Information per Philips' online support (edited):Philips is no longer manufacturing landline phones, and what is on the market now is it as far as product availability… The ID5550B [the extension handset]was never made -- So there are no extensions. I am sorry! 7/28/10:The phone has died. No dial tone. Pretty phone, crappy construction. Nice Looking Phone but Quality Not There - 1 Star. Extension Handset Never Manufactured - 1 Star.
I was really bothered that the Sams identical product was 30% cheaper. The Sams tape also had more tape on each roll! This req 2 hands to operate: one to hold the tape and the other to roll it out. The "yellow" dispensers hold the tape in such a way that only one hand is needed. Cheaper at Sams Club.
Panasonic has a smaller footprint than this dinosaur, and results in sharper pencils, faster. My old Panasonic's grindings container broke because I dropped it. It was four years old but far superior to this uninspired clunker. Buy Panasonic.
As some reviewers have mentioned here, the mini Tombow is problematic - the tape breaks and does not apply well. However, the Tombow regular sized Mono and the slimmer profile (for pencil box storage) Hybrid Mono correction tape work much better. Those versions are sold on Amazon also. get the regular Mono or Hybrid Tombow instead.
One of the four casters is of a different type and doesn't fit. I emailed the company--more than a week later, still no reply. Missing Caster.
This will work well but it doesn't have much ink. They should cost allot less if they aren't going to put much ink in them. Well this will work.
This is what you need for printing. They are so small. There just is not much ink. They work well but they don't last long. Not allot of ink.
Our office has 4 of these scanners. We have replaced all 4 of them along with a replacement unit. That's right-we have had to have 5 total replacements. The scanner works great and efficiently-but then for some reason the FATAL ERROR would pop up on the machine and it would quit working overnight. We would get the replacements, but they were all refurbished. We just got a refurbished unit yesterday and it would NOT work. I spent over 2 hours on the phone with support trying to get a new unit and they finally gave in. Oh-they do not have a 800 number! So it was a long distance call! When we had to call in about the original units getting the FATAL error message, we were treated like we were dumb. Also-there was a language barrier. I would stay away from this product. It is not worth the time or the energy. Not worth it-stay away!
I researched this phone system on various web sites before buying it here, and they all say it has an option of an audible message alert. I've spent a month trying to figure ours out, to finally give up and email Panasonic about how to set the alert to a beep or some audible sound. Panasonic responded and said this model does not have an audible message alert. Even though Amazon. com doesn't say it has one, I bought it thinking it did based on so-called reliable sources such as CNET. It's an important feature for us. So if an audible beep when you have messages is important to you, even though CNET and many other web sites list it as having it, do not be fooled--there is no audible message alert. I can't believe Panasonic did not make that an option on this model, so I cannot give it a rating above 1 because now we're finding that it doesn't even ring or make a tone everytime we get phone calls. Now it's too late to return it to Amazon, so I'm probably selling it on ebay. NO audible message alert.
Maybe if you're a super-techie you can set this up, but 3 of us have not been able to follow the instructions yet and I question whether we ever will. The problem seems to be with the paperwork, not the machine, but I haven't been able to figure it out. I really hate feeling stupid!
Before purchasing this printer, be aware of the astronomical ink cartridge prices that will set you back $114 + tax/shipping for all four (Black $35. 99, Cyan $25. 99, Magenta $25. 99, and Yellow $25. 99). The cartridges that come with the actual printer are only starter, low volume cartridges that will require replacement before you expect it. Even more aggravating, when you call HP's tech support line, they will actually try to sell you more ink. I wonder why? Sadly, HP provides the worst technical support that I have ever experienced. The telephone reps barely speak English (even worse than other India-based tech support) and the chat reps serve multiple customers at the same time, leading to long delays between their responses. Moreover, I have been cut off during chat sessions five times, which leads me to believe it is intentional as this always seems to happen when I attempt to corner them on difficult questions. Before getting cut off today (5/5/2009) the chat technical support rep acknowledged that there are known incompatibilities between the drivers and Windows XP. Presumably, this means the software was written for Vista. Terrible - $114 for Ink and The Worst India-based Tech Support You Will Ever Experience.
I posted a video review of this but it never made it on here for some reason. This line of HP printers has a known software bug - just google for "HP Officjet Pro 8500 fake paper jam error. " You'll see pages upon pages of people complaining that there's no fix for this - including people who actually repair printers. HP has acknowledged that there is no fix for this, yet there hasn't been a recall or a driver update to address the problem. Avoid at all costs - it will work for about 6 months then develop an imaginary "paper jam" which paralyzes the machine. Tech support is terrible and incompetent. Ships with a KNOWN error - Shame on you HP.
This printer was shipped to me with no outer brown box to conceal what I was getting; a label was stuck onto the box that it comes in and there were huge pictures of the product with "HP Printer" printed all over it. You could see it on my porch from the next county. Anyone who might have been put off about stealing an ambiguous plain brown box might not have had any problem at all with stealing a brand new high end color printer from my porch, and Fedex did not even bother to knock to let me know something had been left. This may be because I got this from the Vine program, but even having gotten this product gratis I am very perturbed with the lack of discretion of the shipping department. This is not lightweight, it takes up more space than our multi-function 11x17 printer, theBrother MFC-5890CN, and it's not going to replace it because we need the larger prints for client review plans. However, the print quality is vastly superior-- it has been on every HP printer I've ever worked with or owned. Even line drawings on regular 8 x 11 sheets are super-crisp, and color photos and rendered 3D models look superb on even regular paper. This thing spits out text pages before I can turn around to reach for them, and no setting your egg timer and waiting for those crisp color images, either. I honestly did not expect the speed to match the print quality, but it surpassed anything I ever hoped for and beyond. Setting up is easy, but there are six different cartridges you have to put in. Four are ink cartridges-- separate colors means less waste, and HP makes it impossible to put the cartridges in the wrong way, or to put cyan in the magenta slot, and so forth. The ink slot is on the front-- easy to get to, easy to replace. The other two are printer heads that slip directly downward through the top of the printer. I am guessing that at some point these printer heads will need to be replaced (never had to deal with these on a previous HP so I don't know) but what's nice about them is that they have retractable handles on them so that they lift in and out easily, from fitted slots that make it impossible to put the wrong printer head into the wrong slot. Letting it set itself up after turning it on is a bit confusing since it was difficult to tell when it was done. It has to do this internal test stuff before you plug it into/connect it with your PC during the driver installation. I know everyone loves wireless, but the PC we'll be using this with the most does not have wireless capability, and it would be nice if HP would include a 4 or 5 foot USB cable for this purpose instead of making us having to search for an extra or run out and buy one after getting set up to a certain point. It's a little thing that could reduce a lot of initial customer frustration, even for those who have wireless capability and simply choose to use cables, or for those experiencing difficulties with wireless setup. The LCD touch screen is easy to use without picking up a manual. The only way to improve this would have been to make it tilt forward for using the printer on a higher shelf. It takes just about any kind of media card you can think of if you're not printing from your computer, and gives all kinds of options to receive images, like email or sending directly to an image editing program on your PC. There is a junk fax blocker that comes with it, which is really nice, and an automatic email button. So I can scan and directly email it to someone if I had it directly connected to the network. Turning off the wireless is not complicated, but you do have to read the manual to know how… if you don't this will cause conflicts. Once it's off, it functions fine. Printing on two sides is effortless and automatic, and can I just mention the quality and speed again? No paper jams, so quiet… it even LOOKS good. Mine is a small business, and if I didn't need 11x17 prints this printer would be at the top of my list as an investment for my needs for so many different things. It would be the only printer I own, and if it's the only printer you ever own, you'll be very happy with it. 09/29/2010 UPDATE: This printer broke after about 18 months of light use 3 to 4 days a week. A gear inside a box deep inside the unit gave out. We had a professional repairman examine it, and the part was cheap. However, it was doubtful that he could get the part, and even if he could, the labor to take it apart and put it back together would equal or even exceed the cost of a new printer. I think the scanner on it still works, but we need a printer to PRINT. We were not printing hundreds of pages a day 24/7 on this and it should have lasted MUCH longer than what it did. It pains me to have to reduce the rating on this item to one star, but the use we got out of it isn't worth it. Either pass on this one or proceed with caution. I am honestly stunned that a Hewlett Packard printer failed like this so quickly. Absolutely Fabulous! - Not anymore 09/29/2010.
Bic are much better as far as cheap pens go. These stop working with nearly full ink. Anyone giving these a 5 star review must have bought them in the past week… I have actually had a couple not work right after taking them out of the box unused. Really Bad.
I really didn't think that a pencil sharpener could be so frustrating to people. This X-Acto is sturdy and generally sharpens properly but decided to fix a concept that didn't needing fixing. The problem is the self-feeding. It doesn't always grab the pencil with the same amount of pressure. Sometimes, it takes a little more effort. Once it grabs the pencil, it won't let go easily. So, you need to really pull it out hard. As with most sharpeners, it may take a few attempts to get the right amount of point on the pencil. Each try takes extra effort and extra time. What is the point of the self-feeding? It doesn't seem to add any value at all, but it makes every attempt at sharpening more of an effort. It's bizarre, and really aggravates the kids (and some adults). Frustrating self-feeding pencial sharpener.
I really have no complaints about the print quality or the setup of the wireless function, which is a great convenience in a home network. The reason this printer is going to the recycler is the cost of operation due to HP's decision to gouge consumers on replacement ink cartidges. If you look up the unit price on replacement cartridges, it does not sound unreasonable: roughly thirty USD for the black cartridge and twenty USD each for the three color cartridges. However, what you need to be aware of is that the printer decides when the cartridges need to be replaced and WILL NOT FUNCTION until you comply. This is a change from a few years ago, when you would receive a low ink warning but could still print until the cartridge actually emptied. This disabling of all print functions may be becoming a standard industry practice but, in my experience, is particularly egregious with this HP printer. It is no coincidence that all four cartridges are flagged as needing replacement at roughly the same time. Even if you have been printing only black and white draft copies in the interval since replacement, the color cartridges will be flagged as empty after a few months. As this happens, at the least, twice a year, you will be spending close to two hundred dollars a year to maintain even minimum function. After literally a mere few months, using the "high-capacity" XL cartridges and extremely rare use (I rarely print more than a dozen pages per month), this printer is once again disabled due to an entirely fictitious low-ink warning. This function is clearly not triggered by actual use, the number of pages printed or the volume of ink remaining. It is based entirely on an algortithm combining some arbitrary time since cartridge installation and HP's greed. Again: The resident software decides when you will replace the ink cartridges (of which there are four) and it will not print so much as a single page until you do. If you print enough pages in both black and white and color, and exhaust the cartridges in a short period of time, you may consider this printer a good value. Read many of the four and five star reviews carefully: "I've had this printer one month and I love it", "I've had it for one day… ", etc. I'm happy for them, but I have owned this printer for fifteen months and am replacing it. This will be my last HP printer. UPDATE: I have received (11/18/2010) notice of a settlement offer in response to three lawsuits filed against HP alleging fraudulent practices related to the issues noted above. Quote: "HP denies all these claims" but will offer coupons redeemable at the HP online store (only) as compensation. One can therefore assume they intend to continue these practices. HP is offering an insulting maximum six dollar credit for qualifying printers. For more information: hpinkjetprintersettlement dot com Warning: HP's hand will be in your pocket.
I hate this printer. I hate it. I hate the HP Officejet Pro 8000. Now that I got that out of the way, I will admit that the print quality is good. That's its one redeeming quality, and if it lasted for even the warranty period, that might be enough to garner at least a run-of-the-mill, 3 star printer rating. Unfortunately it doesn't. In many cases, they don't even last 6 months. It's just not because of one hardware issue either. Sometimes the paper refuses to feed, in others the blue ink line will decide to explode, still in others the wires above the print heads (held in place by a thin, swinging metal rod with a hook at the end) will fall and get tangled up with the heads. There are so many things that are wrong with the 8000. See, I basically made the mistake of thinking that the HP Officejet 8000 would be a better choice than the Canon inkjets we were using at the time, which ended up being unusable without service after a year and a half (due to the logistics of it, we just can't service an $80 printer, and the Canons and HP's of the world know this… that's why they're basically disposable at this point). After all, with a claimed duty cycle of 15,000 pages a month and good experiences with HP laser printers over the years, how could this possibly not be a better choice? Ultimately, it all comes down to durability, namely, the 8000 has none. This is the Yugo of inkjet printers. I've probably deployed 300 of these and the in-warranty failure rate is around 25%. I realize that any mass-produced items are going to have a lemon or two in the bunch, but one in four? That's way too high HP. In most cases, this failures occur within 4-6 months (and probably a third of them have issues as soon as they're taken out of the box). The claimed duty cycle is a joke and the propensity for the 8000 to spew ink makes it a messy choice as well. This is probably due to the way the Officejets house the ink in the front of the unit and then feed it to the print heads via "lines" (thin hoses basically). Other negatives include a very, VERY drawn out setup process (where you're basically forced to install a slew of pointless HP software that you'll never use), the printer's tendency to take forever to "get ready" to print (it almost sounds like it has to "bleed" the lines) and larger than average footprint, and there are much, much better choices out there. Unless you enjoy support and return authorization calls, steer clear of this disaster. As it is, I'll continue to buy HP laser printers, but I'll never buy another HP inkjet as long as I live. Do you like having to return items when they break down? No? Then pass on the Officejet Pro 8000.
TO MY SUPRISE AND THE FACT THAT I HAVE FOUND OVER THE YEARS HP PRINTERS ARE THE ABSOLUTE BEST IN MY EXPERIENCE, THIS ONE WAS A NIGHTMARE!! IT WAS AWFUL TO SETUP & WASTED TWO SETS OF FULL SIZE INK CARTRIDGES IN EVERY COLOR JUST IN THE SET UP AND PURGING PROCESS, GETTING BUBBLES OUT OF THE LINES, ETC. A REAL PAIN… HP MAKES A VARIETY OF ALL IN ONE PRINTERS MUCH EASIER, SMALLER AND NICER THAN THIS ONE & I GOT ANOTHER ONE SINCE THAT'S A DIFFERENT STYLE BUT SO MUCH BETTER. IT'S ALSO LARGE WITH A HUGE TRANSFORMER WHICH MEANS SO IS THE ELECTRICAL DRAW. DON'T BUY THIS MODEL!! TERRIBLE EXPERINCE FOR HP!!
I've used this close to a year and am very disappointed in it. It simply will not print on both sides after awhile. It may at first but that won't likely last. And getting help from HP is just out of the question. Their support isn't. The printer works and then it doesn't. The ink is expensive and it uses a lot of it --- even when all you use is black ink. I'm going to use up the ink I have on hand and then invest in another brand printer. I won't buy HP again. Not recommended. -- Susanna K. Hutcheson Constant trouble.
I purchased the 8500 from HP because it was on sale, but the first one that arrived did not scan or copy and HP promptly exchanged it. When I received the new exchange, it had a weird noise like a really loud hard disk. When tech support assisted me with my install problems, they spent quite a while going over my PC and deleted a bunch of stuff from my computer, then when I couldn't get it to send scanned images via email my PC crashed and had to use the recovery disks. Good think I back things up. With a fresh software install on my PC, it finally worked fine, but the noise was still there. I then got an email for the 8500 premier wireless and did an exchanged for it. I'm so happy I did because the premier works great and it worked on the first try. Disappointed.
I have owned three of these printers over four years--now that this model, bought two years ago has gone bad I will not buy HP again. These printers are tricky to maintain, have high ink prices and when you switch to new cartridges, which are VERY expensive (and you need four) the printer often does not recognize the new cartridge. There is also no FREE customer support. I just spent more than $100 on ink cartridges and the printer refuses to recognize them, keeps saying, replace empty cartridge. Have had three of these, switching to Epson.
Horrible printer will never get and HP inkjet again. Stops in the middle of printing to check the machine. Takes 3-4 minutes to resume printing. Hate this printer go Brother all the way!!!!!!!! SLOW SLOWER AND STOP DESCRIBES THIS PRINTER.
Note that ink for this printer will set you back One Hundred and fourteen dollars!!! Before purchasing the Officejet 8500, be aware that there appears to be compatibility issues with the current drivers (as of 5/5/2009) and Windows XP. Basically, the user gets the following error: "The printer has not yet responded, but the Microsoft Office program may be able to proceed without printer information". I have spent hours on the phone with their India-based tech support and with their chat technical support. Sadly, HP provides the worst technical support that I have ever experienced. The telephone reps barely speak English and the chat reps serve multiple customers at the same time, leading to long delays between their responses. Moreover, I have been cut off during chat sessions five times, which leads me to believe it is intentional as this always seems to happen when I attempt to corner them on difficult questions. Before getting cut off today (5/5/2009) the chat technical support rep acknowledged that there are known incompatibilities between the drivers and Windows XP. Presumably, this means the software was written for Vista. Also be aware of the astronomical ink cartridge prices that will set you back half the cost of a new printer. This is the third HP multifunction printer I have purchased. Historically, I have purchased top-of-the-line models from the HP Officejet line for my home office. Generally, I have been rather pleased and impressed with their ability to work for years with few paper jams, either in the printer or document feeder. My primary complaints with HP and these printers are twofold: 1) the ink prices are exorbitant (i. e. pay as you go) and 2) HP has atrocious tech support. The Officejet 8500 appears to have all-around better construction than the other HP Officejet multifunction printers I have owned. Yet it hasn't been without problems. Looking back at my other purchases, it is striking how much prices have come down. Yet HP continues to gouge its customers on ink with the four cartridges costing $[… ]+ tax. The first Officejet (d155xi) worked almost flawlessly for three years. I finally decided to sell it when moving. The second Officejet (7310xi) worked extremely well until one day it would not power on. Apparently, something had gone wrong with its main processor. The printer was on a surge protector the entire time, so I have no idea why this happened. I do turn the surge protector off every day before going to work to save electricity as this severs vampire loads from the electrical system. Perhaps the on/off cycles were not good for the printer. After determining the 7310xi was beyond repair, I purchased an Officejet 8500 from HP direct. The printer appears to be well made, but it has problems with communicating with my notebook in addition to having issues with photo printing that have been not fully resolved. The timeline of my Officejet purchases:2002 - March Officejet d155xi (HP Direct) 800 + tax/shipping2006 - March Officejet 7310xi (Sam's Club) 368 + tax2009 - April Officejet 8500 (HP Direct) 269 + tax/shipping -fifty buck trade-in rebate for 7310xiThe 8500 does not come with a USB cable, which was not an issue [at first] since I have so many surplus cables. Apparently, the 16ft cable I used with the 7310xi was not compatible, possibly because it may have been a USB 1. 0 version, which I can't determine. So I tried one of the dozen or so shorter USB cables I have, some of which were in fact USB 2. 0. While I got the printer to work, I repeatedly get errors such as "The printer has not yet responded, but the Microsoft Office program may be able to proceed without printer information". So, I purchased a new 16ft. Belkin USB 2. 0. Unfortunately, I still get the same errors and freezing of the computer. I have not resolved the problem and don't look forward to calling HP's tech support. Their Indian support reps have the worst English I have ever had to deal with in a tech support setting. I do appreciate their new chat tech-support option, which allows the customer to select his skill level such as "novice" or "expert". Yet, the chat sessions abruptly severed communication with me multiple times with a red warning message, "we are having technical problems, please call tech support". What a ridiculous headache! PRINTER DESIGN AND BUILD QUALITYDespite HP's less than acceptable tech support, HP's engineers deserve credit for improving the design and build quality of their multifunction printers. Even though the previous printers never had a problem with broken paper trays or document feeders, these plastic pieces seemed extremely flimsy. The 8500 seems to be better constructed in that thicker, rigid plastic was used. Additionally, the parts that require interaction by the user, such as the receptacles for the ink cartridges, are much more accessible. SPEEDWhile I have not conducted a side-by-side test, both printing and scanning appear to be faster than my most recent Officejet prior to this one, the 7310xi. Despite the increased speed, the 8500 doesn't shake my printer stand as violently as the 7310xi did, suggesting the engineers used a lower-inertia print head. The scanning appears slightly faster, but really not fast enough for large jobs. Truthfully, I would pay a lot more for much faster scanning. I have a grown accustomed to using a Ricoh 6500 copier/printer/scanner at my day job. The ~50 page/minute scan to pdf capability really changes the utility of the printer. STILL NO DOUBLE SIDED SCANNINGOne of the features that really attracted me to the original Officejet was its double-sided printing capability. Unfortunately it doesn't provide true double sided scanning. Some of scan options suggest the 8500 can perform double sided scanning but this appears to be more of function to interleave the second (back) set of pages. For larger double-sided documents, I find myself using the industrial strength Ricoh 6500. PRINT QUALITYThe black text quality appears to be slightly better than that of the 7310xi. In fact, it appears indistinguishable from laser print quality. However, there have been some problems printing in color. First, when printing on plain white paper on regular ink volume settings, the colors appear a bit less vivid than the prints I made with my 7310xi. In fact, I have a few samples of color documents printed on the 7310xi that I was able to compare side-by-side with the output of the 8500, which clearly showed the difference between the two prints. Yet, this may be a result of HP's strategy to market this printer as being more ink efficient. When printing on photo paper, there appears to be some issues when selecting the photo quality settings and "HP Advanced Photo Paper" as the paper type. Using both HP photo paper and Kodak "everyday" photo paper, there were striations across the center of the page. It isn't clear if the HP photo paper I was using was truly their "advanced" paper as this was a sample pack from HP. When using the "other photo paper" option, there were no striations. With certain other papers, however, I found that the ink would run with the slightest exposure to water - even after drying for more than one hour. Barely visible drops of water would cause easily visible spots on the page. While it isn't clear precisely what was done with the ink and requisite paper compatibility, the 8500 does appear to be more fickle than the predecessors. In summary, the 8500 appears to be better designed and constructed than previous Officejet models but is less user friendly. My guess is that many of the problems I am experiencing will be resolved when new drivers are made available. However, as a fairly technical user, I would not expect so many difficulties getting the printer to work. Moreover, HP's consumer tech support is so unforgivably bad the company does not deserve your business. Cons:*Tech support is totally unacceptable, off-shore reps have both a poor command of the English language and weak technical skills*Online chat tech support is disjointed with reps chatting with multiple customers simultaneously*Printer communication problems unresolved as of 5/5/2009*Photo printing requires more adjustments of settings*Still doesn't have a true double-siding SCANNING mechanism*Drivers for XP seem to have compatibility issuesPros*Fast printing and scanning for a piece of home office equipment*Sturdier construction than predecessors*Reasonable price for the performance/functionality*Smoother/quieter than previous Officejet printers HP Ink Rip-Off, Unbelievably Bad Tech Support, Communication Issues, Some Design Improvements over Predecessors.
Worst printer I have ever owned. I will never buy an HP printer again. I read the reviews before purchasing, and they were better than the 2 1/2 stars shown here. At first, it was pretty okay. We never could get the wireless to work. My husband is great at setting up wireless, computers, etc. , but not on this. Since the printer was basically next to my desk anyway, we just used a USB cable. The print and speed was fine. The NOISE is terrible. It seems like it needs to calibrate or something on a regular basis. That was bothersome. I probably should have taken it back, but never did. I had it less than a year and then all of the sudden it just stopped printing. I looked online and saw that there were lots of people having the same issue. It was the printer head issue. So, I was basically done with it. Easier to buy another one, but NEVER an HP again! I highly recommend you thoroughly read reviews before you purchase. Buyer beware! Worst Printer Ever!!!
Now they got you paying over $100 for tiny ink cartridges. My PCS-1610 has lasted over 5 years. That's a record for an HP printer. Nada $100+ a pop for ink.
Canon's tech support gratefully, responded today. User error for front feeding of paper by my not shoving the paper into the viscera of the printer. Am I happy with this printer? I really wish I was. The print quality is grand. The slowness is incredibly annoying. Oh my stars this thing is s-l-o-w. I still wish I would have purchased an Epson. At least my expectations wouldn't be as high as they were for this monstrosity. I purchased in 9/27/10 here on Amazon. Maybe I will sell it here as well. It works, I haven't printed much on it and still the ink is being sucked down. I'm serious, I haven't printed much more than MAYBE 10 b/w documents, and maybe 10 color printed things. All were on 8. 5" x 11" paper. Oops, one picture on high quality photo paper. I ramble… I'm just really disappointed. Glad the rest have had a grand experience. Lastly, there are a phenomenal number of printers in the "used" section which are listed as "new in the box but UPC removed". 2/18/11 - This is such an annoying piece of junk. I must have purchased the a lemon, it is really a pain. Update… this is a piece of Crud.
This printer has a lot of features (copying, scanning, faxing, duplex printing, duplex auto-feed) for the price, but you will end up paying an arm and a leg in ink costs if you use it very often. Like:- Image and scan quality (consistent w/ Canon's usual great performance)- Auto feed duplex scanning: you can easily scan or copy a stack of paper- Duplex printing: great paper saver- Dual tray loading (rear and cassette)Dislike:- Wireless setup is a major pain. They need to rework this. It is unnecessarily hard(! )- Ink usage, even with light use, is very high. I've owned canon products for years and thought this "business" class machine would be a little more reasonable on ink usage. Our office uses a full set of ink every two months or so. This is really a deal-killer in the long term, and brings a 5-star printer down to 2 or 3 stars. Update: The worst part is that if a color cartridge is out, you can't even use the thing. No scanning. No black and white printing. I'm giving this thing away on craigslist for free I think. Canon quality, but it hogs ink.
It's no wonder Canon took so long to come up with wireless printers--they had no idea of what they're doing. I got this MX860 the other night and there are about 60 pages on how to setup one's network. Apparently, one can not setup the network from the printer and printer screen, as they could with normal printers like Brother, HP, etc. You have to start a USB connection and run an install program that runs as slow as dirt to run wireless on this printer. This is like starting a jet by pulling it by horses. It baffles the imagination that Canon could make this so convoluted and over-complicated. In addition to that Canon fills up your computer with garbage. It loads up about five programs into your startup tray, which bogs down your computer, and really serves no purpose at all. No thanks! This baby is shipping back and I'll look at a company that knows how to make a printer like Brother or Epson. Are you Kidding Me?
Interesting… I thought the person who warned me about "reasonably priced" printers that lure you in and then condemn you to a lifetime of outrageous toner costs was cynical. Now I know he was a friend (okay, a son). Absolutely outrageous what Canon charges you for the itty-bitty replacement cartridges which run out the moment you look at them. Even more expensive if you buy them color-by-color. Unethical is another word that comes to mind. A very nice printer aimed at sending the owner to the poor house.
Wow. I've owned dozens of printers over the years, but until I bought a Canon MX860, I'd never have believed that an inkjet printer could go through a $14 cartridge after outputing just 40 pages!! In fact, my printer is indicating that BOTH black cartridges are spent. Granted, you'll get more pages per cartridge if you use the printer more frequently than I do. But still -- forty pages for the occasional user? And wait till you see how tiny the ink reservoirs is for the egregiously overpriced, #221 cartridge: nine milliliters, down from 14ml, according to another review on this site. What a brazen scam! My solution is to buy the cheapest ink that works, and to use the printer for as long as the print head can tolerate inkdom's version of $2-buck Chuck. A scandalous guzzler of very expensive ink.
Don't try using these in the freezer. They don't stick, or in the refrigerator or on anything that has any moisture in it. Not for freezer.
disappointed, didnt work, delivered in a timely fashion, but, cartridges didn't work. waste of money. May be it 's canon's software that's not letting these generic cartridge work. didn't work.
I got one of these under a year ago… I have 5 of these phones… all with the original batteries except for one that had to be replaced… well, guess which one stopped working out of the blue? This one… buy a better quality battery and save money in the long run. These batteries aren't worth the print that is on them. piece of junk… do not buy.
I ordered 5 of these and I seem to have gotten less than a year of use out of them. They're already dying on me and refusing to hold a charge. Not worth it. Horrible replacement batteries.
I returned this battery to Amazon without even trying it. It was not as pictured, was dirty and possibly used. What is shown is not what you will get. You get a battery pack with a stick on label. The label was dirty and torn indicating to me that this could have been a return. If you need one of these batteries, buy a Uniden battery not one of these imitations. I should have paid attention to the negative reviews.
I ordered a CS6219 and I got an entirely different model (CS6124). Um, Im not sure why I got the wrong item, but this one will not work with my existing handsets. Wrong item.
I learned the hard way that the base unit of this phone system does not use a back-up battery (something Amazon. com does not disclose). So, everytime the unit comes unplugged, which happens unbelievably easily, or your power goes off for only seconds, it erases the time and date and greeting. What a pain in the neck, and I paid $98 for this system. I called At&t because I just could not believe the base unit would not have back-up power--surely I just hadn't been able to find it, but they confirmed that it does not. This is nothing but an overpriced piece of junk foisted upon the unsuspecting public at a grossly high price. Don't Buy This!!!
When I unpacked the phone I realized that it was missing the piece of plastic that will hang up the phone. There should be a plastic piece to depress the button on the receiver, however as it was shipped to me it does not ever hang up when you "hang up" the phone. I had to return it. Will Not Hang Up, Defective.
Very poorly designed. When you hold the receiver in your right hand, in a way that is natural for the average person, your fingers automatically hit the buttons they inconveniently placed on the outer side of the receiver. I was on the phone and hit the flash button repeatedly even though I was well aware the button was there and was trying to avoid it. You can't avoid it unless you want to put your hand in a very odd position, and get cramps. No kidding. In order to hold the receiver and not hit the flash button you have to cramp up your hand into an odd position and hope you don't drop the phone. And you cannot place the phone on your shoulder to hold it, if you temporarily need to use both hands for something else. And, for those of us who still use an attachable shoulder cradle (a. k. a. shoulder rest), you cannot attach it to this phone due to the buttons on the outside of the receiver. I don't want to be mean, but honestly, the person who designed this phone should be fired. Outgoing sound was bad - the person I was talking to reported a hissing noise. Incoming sound was actually good, but that does not make up for the fact that holding the phone, what should be the simplest thing to do, can't be done comfortably. And just as an FYI - I've tried them all; VTECH 265, ATT 265, and ATT 1909AT&T; 265 - Trimline Telephone with Caller ID & Call WaitingVTECH COMMUNICATIONS INC 265 WHT Trimline Telephoneand they are all the same design - don't get any of these if you want to be able to comfortably hold the phone, let it rest on your shoulder, or use a shoulder cradle (a. k. a. shoulder rest). See my photos of this ATT 1909 for an example of what I mean. If you want a very simple corded phone I can tell you the ATT Trimline 230 has worked well for me for about 20 years. The 230 model is now called theAT&T; Corded Trimline Phone with 13-Number Memory (210), slightly modified. I've just ordered some 210s, for my MagicJacks, and I'll be sure to review them, to see if they are as good as the 230s use to be. Very Poorly Designed.
Nice product apart from being completely ruined by one idiotic design feature. Every time you "miss" a call (including picking it up from another phone! ), it will flash the call info light indefinitely. Net result is that you have a distracting flashing light constantly on your desk. What on earth were the designers thinking? Infuriating "Call Info" light flashes constantly.
Whenever a product has "high quality" in the title, I suspect they are protesting too much. In this case, way too much. My phone arrived with a completely nonfunctioning "3" button. I'd say AT&T; is going downhill, but they have absolutely nothing to do with this phone other than receiving a royalty payment for having their name defiled by the Chinese company that is actually making and selling these (VTech). Here's my guess as to the cost breakdown of this device, per unit:$2 royalty payment to AT&T;$1 plastic case$1. 50 electronics$1 buttons 0-2 & 4-9$0. 2 button 3 (management-consultant-directed cost savings after market study showing 85% of people using a land line don't have any friends with a "3" in their number)$0. 25 child labor$2 graft to local Chinese government officials to escape prosecution for violating child labor laws$8 corporate management salaries$4 brand marketing consultantsEnjoy this brave new world of High Quality! Came with a broken button.
The first 3 color cartridges installed were not recognized by the printer. Removed and reinstalled several times to noavail. Contacted the seller and they asked us to try 3 more cartridges, same result. None of the six cartridges wererecognised or asked for an alignment test. Seller said they would issue a prepaid return tag and give us a refund. They were shipped back two weeks ago, and haven't seen a refund yet. Tried calling 3 times Friday 9/9 no answer. If wedon't hear from them by Monday 9/13 we will work through our credit card for a refund. Looking at the site today togive feedback I find that the same cartridges we paid $28. 60 for are now $16. 74? Stay away they don't work properly, hard to get you money back.
We've been using these for a hotel that I own and it felt like either someone was stealing these or they were going through them too quickly - so we dated them, tracked the number of pages, and yep, they lasted only 1200 pages each. Argh. Lasted only 1200 pages.
I order in bulk and the first defective one I got I thought was a fluke. But later I had another on my hands. The little white plastic widget on the side doesn't move at all. You get what you pay for. A total waste of money and shipping charges. 2 Out of 4 Were Defective - Didn't Know Until Too Late To Return.
Stated that "Drum" (a piece that the cartridge is "inserted into" and then totality is placed into into the printer's cartridge slot. Now my printer works and does not jam paper. Someone at Amazon should understand what it is they're selling; the Brother website has a link to Amazon and makes no mention of the "Drum" either. Read this over again and save yourself some money and frustration. Spent all day yesterday in a downtown store to figure this one out; after 3 TN-650 cartridges that did nothing but cause paper jams it's "another" part not spelled out in the reviews and instructions;at least the Hewlett-Packard spends money on their technical writing staff. After 3 cartridges did not work: owner of cartridge world store.
This is not an actual Brother drum as Amazon advertises. In fact, it is a cheap imitation as far as knockoffs go. The unit arrived I installed it and the drum light still lights up meaning the printer recognizes that it is not a compatible drum. Amazon stop advertising cheap imitators as the real thing! A Fraud!
I have tried these labels with digital templates for Avery 5160 from Avery, and several other sources. The first few rows print correctly but the rest are all aligned wrong. I had to buy new labels from a local office supply store. Wrong layout.
==========Comment just for the Seller:Labels are formulated for laser in at least two important ways. First, the adhesive has a higher temperature capacity, so it doesn't melt inside the printer or copier. (Inkjet just sprays on the ink - does not heat up the paper surface at all). Second, the surface area is specifically formulated to hold toner. You KNOW that these labels are not formulated for laser… so why would you market them that way??? If you had disclosed they are for inkjet only, I would give them 3 stars for being a decent generic/Avery knock-off. But they are falsely advertised as laser safe. You get zero stars. You say the product is 100% guaranteed - are you going to pay our $180 repair bill on our laser printer? We'll see. ==========Now onto the review… Oh boy, these labels are a trip. We've ordered twice, got a different product both times. Never ordering again anything that says "Americopy" again. The first time, the finish was more like a thermal label, somewhat glossy. I thought the finish looked nice & professional. They worked fine in inkjet, not so well in laser, but no major problems. A decent generic item. However, the second time, the finish looked just like a normal piece of paper (like 20# bond copy paper). Almost as if they just sprayed adhesive on the back of it. When you put the two next to each other, they don't even look manufactured by the same person. Very odd. The 1st style we used up in our inkjet printers, and worked fine. The 2nd type we used in our laser, and they are NOT working. In our first laser printer, the toner just flaked right off. So we tried in our expensive laser printer (the first batch worked ok, not great, so we thought we'd give it a try). The sheet LITERALLY melted and jammed up the entire works. We worked for hours to pull all the little stickers out of there. Ended up costing $180 repair bill. Lowest score possible for the deceptive advertising. Does NOT work in laser printer! Buyer beware… and other notes.
Oh, I hate to disagree with people. I think sometimes we complain about trivial things. But… I wanted a mechanical pencil that was easy to use. I had another one that all you had to do was click a strip on the side or front (depending on how you hold the pencil) and eraser located where every other pencil has the eraser.. This one, you have to click the top, but the eraser is also on top. So you have to remove the cover to erase. The cover is also the thing you click to advance the lead. I ended up with about 1/4 inch of lead sticking out because I would click it when trying to remove it to use the eraser. I tried to write with the longer lead because I didn't want to waste the lead. Not easy. Went back to the other ones. They come in a two pack&#34;Paper Mate Clear Tip 0. 7mm Mechanical Pencil&#34; is the one I recommend Disappointed.
I would pass on this. It's very heavy. Also, when you attach a pen on the side, the weight of the pen makes your I. D. tilt to the side. Further the fabric material which its made of is not very attractive, not at all like the photo. I would totally pass on this. Silly design.
Stroppy works about as well as a ball bearing as a door stop! It does not work on finished concrete, carpeted floors or linoleum floors. Tried on four different doors on these surfaces of various gap heights and the stroppy would not hold door to even a mild nudge much less moderate pressure. Save your money, this product is a true "New Age, Yuppie Nice Looking" piece of junk. A simple wedge type door stop worked well on each of the doors that the Stroppy failed on. You can find decent ones (which are ones I used) atNational Hardware V334 The Wedge Door Stop, Brown, 2-Pack, 4-Inch Stroppy SUCKS!
I wish I could say something nice about this pencil but I'd be lying if I did. It uses very thin pieces of what I gather is lead; it could stab someone right to the heart. The pencil does a fine job of scratching and tearing paper when you would like to write something with it. It is totally undependable and, occasionally, for reasons I've not fathomed, writes well. Go figure. Get an old yellow #2 with the eraser on top, put the other end into a pencil-sharpener and then write. Better yet, use a ballpoint. Who bothers to write with a pencil today anyway? What's wrong with the old yellow #2s we used in school?
It's not a bad printer but it is inefficient with respect to ink usage. I use it a lot for scanning and copying and it has helped me immensely; it looks pretty good too. It gets one star because it literally gobbles up all the ink. Sometimes I even wonder if somebody is using it while I am not at home. I thought I got this for a good deal back in 2009 until I realized that they got their money back many times over through ink sales. I only print in text mode and it still sucks up all the ink. I don't even print pictures or anything like that. The scanning and copying capability are actually very useful and the Wi-Fi works flawlessly. I can also verify that the machine literally shuts down if you have only one empty cartridge. Even if your black cartridge is full, if a color cartridge is out, the printer stops functioning till you refill it. It's like Epson is holding the printer hostage till you buy their ink. The printer is also a little noisy compared to some others that I have heard even in quiet mode. It makes a very high pitched sound when printing. My old HP from 1998 was fairly quiet. The carbon fiber look on the top is nice and the small display looks good as well. It has a card reader as well which is useful but redundant in this day and age. I'd like to really give it a better rating because it has some useful features but the ink issue is just unacceptable. Due to cost concerns, in the near future I will probably have to upgrade this to another model or perhaps a laser printer. EDIT November 20, 2012: I purchased a Brother laser printer and a Brother all-in-one inkjet and I packed this Epson printer up and put it in the basement. Gobbles up all the ink, otherwise I would give it 4 stars.
Pros: Low price of printerPros: Good quality print… while it worksCons: Makes infernal racket when not operating in "quiet" modeCeased working properly after only 4 monthsEpson would not honor warrantyEpson customer service is totally unsatisfactoryEpson ink carrtidges are outrageously-priced… one set of 4 cartridges could exceed original purchase price of printer. Other Thoughts: After about 2 months, I had replaced all the original OEM ink cartridges with Epson-compatible ones. There was no difference in print quality or printer operations using the non-Epson ink… until a few days ago. When the black cartridge started producing spotty print, I thought.. ah, time for head cleaning! Yeah, right. After running 8 consecutive nozzle checks and exhausting 2 full magenta and yellow ink cartridges in the process, I still did not get any print pattern from the black, magenta, and yellow cartridges, all of which I replaced again. I then started e-mailing Epson tech support, and got nothing but the proverbial run-around. I called the number provided for warranty service. After better than 30 minutes (including wait time and holds) on a toll line, I was told that nothing could be done under the warranty because I was using non-Epson ink. That "verdict" was subsequently amended to state that I first had to buy a full set of 4 Epson ink cartridges (~$53. 70)! STAY AWAY, AS WILL I! YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!
JUNK, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK!!! Everything bad written in all the 1 star reviews is TRUE. I have printed less than 500 pages on this 2-3 year old printer and it is toast. I don't even want to know what my cost per page is, I'm upset enough. Worse than the printer's poor quality is that of EPSON service. If your printer is out of warranty and the print heads cannot be self-cleaned EPSON will tell you to buy a complete set of new cartridges (more than the cost of many new printers! ) first and, if that doesn't clear the problem, will tell you you should take it to one of their authorized reapir centers, all on your dime. However, they are kind enough to inform you that repair costs will probably exceed the cost of a new printer. As a "consolation" EPSON might allow you access to a webpage on their site that allows you, as a "valued customer" to buy a new unit at a discount. Big deal. Their discounted prices are more than almost any other retailer, by far. The e-mail service rep couldn't even spell my name right although it was sent to him correctly. What corporate stupidity. In charity I am going to write to John Lang the President of Epson America to tell him that his company is going to go the way of the buggy whip if they don't change. Unless EPSON can completely turn this customer's experience around I will NEVER buy or recommend another EPSON product. My advice in general is that unless you print alot of photos don't spend a lot of money on a printer. I am also considering a printer that has the print heads built into the cartridges themselves as a jam is then fixed by simply replacing the cartridge. Also will look for a printer that users indicate runs well on remanufactured cartridges. No more EPSON ink scam. All that being said… hasta la vista EPSON. rleemiller.
DO NOT BUY THIS YOU'LL REGRET IT… Epson Co is a scam, get an HP, or a Cannon instead I am. You've heard of alcoholic this is an INKOHOLIC guzzling down more ink then a dying of thirst human does water. Bought this from Amazon in 2010 I was overjoyed it worked like a dream up until Sep 2013. this is what happened( 1 ) After a recent Epson software update neither this or my old Epson Workforce 500 will print, after putting in new cartridges a sign pops up out of ink buy Epson genuine ink, with a link to their site with tax it's over $80 for 4 tiny cartridges in office supply stores which I refuse to pay. I buy all my ink here have been for years and the epson compatible cartridges always worked before. I feel like my printers are being held hostage because I won't buy insanely expensive Epson ink( 2 ) Kick in the backside I had just cleaned the print heads put in all new cartridges let it sit, I was on Yahoo web surfing though I didn't click print on the printer or through the computer demon printer go's nuts printing over 30 pages in color conveniently stopping only after the ink was gone. tried stopping it no dice then turning it off every way there is failed, even after unplugging it the second it was plugged in again it resumed printing until the cartridges registered empty( 3 ) This month I cleaned the heads manually bringing it back to factory condition looks like new, stupid me hoped it'd print because it always worked in the past nope, now all they'll do is scan letting you save images on your computer nothing else( 4 ) I tried uninstalling All the Epson software from my computer, and even went so far as to go into data files removing any left over bits of ndata there were that usually works. You know how when you reinstall the software the program pops up asking you to click to start the instillation nothing it took searching 3 times to find it and I had to use windows media player to open it after a brief struggle it finally reinstalled even this did not do any good( 5 ) And this is something new I noticed that had never happened before it started early this year the printer heads were conveniently constantly clogging up, picture a seriously stopped up drain and you've got itI've never done this before but out of indigination did today, some of you may have already seen a 2010 rave review I left prior to this one I deleted it. More than anything I want to save others from the dissappointment hell and frustration I and countless others went through. I learned quickly Epson does not even sell refillable ink cartridges for their own printers. Cannon on the other hand does they also have Cannon compatible ink cartridges here as well. I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING EPSON AGAIN RIP OFF. INKOHOLIC INK GUZZLER, PRINTERS HELD HOSTAGE.
This thing is a piece of junk. I bought this and another Epson just like it (except without WiFi). Both lasted less than 6 months (the paper carrier quit working on this one; the the thing that travels back and forth to print, broke on my other one. )Also, the ink tanks holds little ink. You will go broke keeping this thing in ink. The WiFi also was poor at connecting to other computers. Since I owned two of these and neither lasted 6 months, this thing gets a 1 rating. I would give it a zero, but that wasn't available. This is sad really, as the first Epson printer I ever bought lasted over 10 years. That is why I bought the Epson brand again. But, apparently, Epson now just makes junk. I will never buy another Epson. Junk.
Have it for 2 months rarely use it and it broke. Document wont feed , error messages of low ink stay on. Make matters worse cant even exchange this piece of plastic junk. By the way beware of Hp policies. They will sell you replacement parts ofcourse and tell you its good for 1 year. But as I have found out that's not true. part doesn't last a year and they charge you for replacement. Never buying Hp again. Hello Dell. Unit stinks.
I purchased a pack of these at an office supply chain. Worked great for a day --THEN RAN OUT OF INK!! Absurd. I went through the whole pack in less than a week, when one highlighter usually lasts me a month! BAD VALUE NO GOOD WITHOUT FLUID!!
I got this because I heard how amazing Frixion pens,highlighter were from my friends. First of all you need to wait till it dries before erasing it which wasn't the problem. The problem was the big wet mark in my paper after it's erased with the pink tinge. I'm not impressed. Garbage.
This is only 25 yards (900 inches) per roll compared to the standard 54. 6 yards for the rolls with the bigger cores that fit your standard tape dispenser. The Scotch brand tape I've bought on Amazon just didn't have much stickiness. I don't know if it's just old, for tape has a certain shelf life, or if it's possibly counterfeit like so many other things on Amazon. I have use Scotch brand tape in the past that was really good tape, but something is going on. Remember these rolls are less than half the length of your typical rolls.
There is a reason there are more 1 star ratings for this printer than there are 4 and 5 star rating combined (at least when I did this rating). IT IS BECAUSE THIS PRINTER IS A PIECE OF JUNK. I bought this and another Epson just like it (except the other had WiFi---Epson NX515). Both lasted less than 6 months (the paper carrier quit working on the other one; the thing that travels back and forth to print, broke on this one. )Also, the ink tanks holds little ink. You will go broke keeping this thing in ink. Since I owned two of these and neither lasted 6 months, this thing gets a 1 star rating. I would give it a zero, but that wasn't available. This is sad really, as the first Epson printer I ever bought lasted over 10 years. That is why I bought the Epson brand again. But, apparently, Epson now just makes junk. And I have never in my life seen a printer that blows through so much ink. Unless you have a Office Max or something next door, you will spend oodles of gas money going back and forth to the store to buy ink. I will never buy another Epson. The quality of the printers are terrible and they use more ink than I breathe air. Absolute junk. Junk--absolutely and completely.
We Purchased this printer a few months ago (August 2009): A Total Piece of Junk. It printed 4 documents - read that 4 - and the ink tanks where down 50 per cent. After 15 documents at non-photo quality, the ink tanks where empty. The printerspent more time cleaning itself instead of printing like it had a bad case of diarrhea. Epson laid a egg with this model (Like most of them) Also the noise it makes before andduring printing seems like it is going to explode or nearly something like that. The Ink Cartidges cost more than the printer (not surprised), but we dumped for another model. Stay Far away from this monster, unless you loved being frustratedand told that your ink cartridges are "not recognized" or empty after a short use. If Epson is EVER brought before a congessional hearing for fleecing its customerswith $8,000+ per gallon of its ink, the prosecution should use this model as anexample of the ink-waste-hog it produced. If this machine were quiet (which is totallythe opposite) all you will hear is the sound of your wallet shrinking as your money evaporates over ink cost. This monster sucks more liquids than a runner on steroids. Avoid like a bad infection. Daniel James Tyler (The Walters Judson Group) Incredible Ink Monster.
Product is $39, SHIPPING IS $74!!! For a product that weighs about 15 pounds. Stay away from these people. What a joke, be careful.
I Just received an email from DYMO, that effective June 11, 2013, I will need to enter an activation code present on each roll of DYMO brand labels to continue using their online postage program for free. If I choose to use a third party label manufacturer, it will cost me $9. 95 per month to use my printer. Way to go and ruin a great product by only making it compatible with your own seriously overpriced labels. My new advice on this product is… If you are going to use this as a printer, fine. But do NOT buy this if you are going to use it for internet postage. MY PREVIOUS REVIEW:I was quite skeptical when purchasing this product. Usually hardware that says it's PC & Mac compatible falls short on one of those platforms. Not so here… this little printer works like a charm on my iMac. It's a breeze to install, paper is easy to load, and the software is both graphically pleasing and incredibly easy to use. You can copy and paste addresses right into the program and it will check to see if it is a valid address, add the +4 to your zip codes automatically, and even print the USPS barcode on the label for faster sorting. It even integrates with Mac OS X and allows you to print labels by selecting anyone in your Mac's address book. Also, printing your own postage is a huge convenience. There is no extra cost for buying postage online, just the cost of the label, which if bought in bulk or manufactured by a third party, is really quite cheap. For the convenience of not having to go to the post office to buy stamps, the cost of the labels is a fair trade-off. It makes addressing packages and envelopes a total pleasure instead of a hassle. You can also use a USB scale to automatically calculate postage based on weight. This will calculate shipping for first class, as well as priority and express mail service. All around an excellent product and well worth the price. Two Important Tips: 1) When installing a new roll of labels, there will be some sticky residue left from the glue put there to keep the spool from unraveling. Peel off the label with the sticky stuff on it before feeding it through your printer to prevent the residue getting on the paper feed roller. If the glue gets on the roller, it is likely to cause paper jams. 2) This printer uses thermal paper, not ink. The labels are best used for shipping, or things that require temporary labeling (less than six months). These labels WILL fade after time, and will fade very quickly if left in direct sunlight or in an overly hot environment. This is not a shortcoming of this printer, but of thermal paper technology in general. If you are looking to use this for long term labeling, I would recommend using a different labeler like a Brother P-Touch. UPDATE: This first one of these worked so well at work, I have purchased a second one for home and added a USB scale to each. Very Very happy with this purchase. Highly recommended! UPDATE: This product ruined by new label requirements effective June 2013. Avoid for internet postage printing!
This product is the printer only. To print stamps on it, you have to use the Dymo Stamps program. To use that program, they require you to use labels that they sell for about 9 cents per stamp each. Generic labels won't work because you need an activation code on the labels. The generic labels themselves retail for a penny, so you are basically paying them 8 cents per stamp. We use about 12 stamps per week, so the fee is going to be about $4 per month. If that's worth it, this is the product for you. If you send more than 25 pieces of mail, you can buy an account for $9. 95 per month that lets you use the generic stamps. You can buy stamps online at usps. gov and they will deliver them to your door for free. Be prepared to pay 9 cents per stamp extra.
I am glad I purchased this Label Writer for labels. By the way, it comes with a roll of starter stamps. I set up a "free" account with Dymo's Endicia postage. Using their software, I assigned a cost center or client for each postage transaction and printed stamps on the machine. Then I discovered a major problem. Endicia modified their policy at the end of 2012. If you have a "free" account, you must purchase Dymo stamps to print postage. You must enter an activation code every 200 stamps. Dymo stamps are sold in rolls of 200, and are accompanied with an activation code. The Dymo stamps are grossly overpriced, and it costs between seven and ten cents for each Dymo stamp compared to about one cent for generic stamps. It is easier and smarter, to purchase post office stamps. Although Dymo advertises the Endicia account as a "free account. " A truthful description would be a "pay as you go account" rather than a "free account. " In my opinion, the company might benefit by being a little more honest. Ostensibly one is forced to purchase the Dymo stamps prevent use of counterfeit stamps or inferior stamps that are rejected by the postal authorities. " Yet, if you pay between $10. And $20. per month for a subscription account, they don't care… in that case you are free to use generic stamps. As if by magic, paying a monthly subscription makes the problem of counterfeit or inferior stamps disappear. I am not that dumb, nor am I that easily duped. I no longer use the machine for stamps. I do use it to print labels. I loaded a roll of large labels on the left, and smaller labels on the right. I use the large labels to mail flats, and the smaller labels for file folders and some envelopes. I am still happy I purchased the machine. If you live very far from a post office, you may sign up for a subscription account. You will then pay between $10. and $20. per month, and you can purchase generic stamps at about 1 cent per stamp. The Free Postage Account Has Hidden Costs.
Updated to say that the new Dymo Labelwriter 450 stopped working just like the last one did. I got it to work again for a month or so, but then it stopped permanently. It isn't compatible with my OS X version 10. 7. 5. That means I had to find a different Labelwriter for my computer, and it wasn't easy. I finally found the Seiko Smart Label Printer and couldn't be happier. It's so much easier to use. I had used the Seiko years ago, but somehow switched to Dymo. Dymo has now lost me as a customer because their products aren't compatible with my Macintosh. That was time and money I can't get back again. Here is what I wrote previously, before my Dymo Labelwriter permanently quit on me, totally incompatible with my Mac:Previously over the years I couldn't imagine being without my old Dymo Labelwriter, which is no longer supported after a Mac system upgrade apparently. That thing could do no wrong! This one does everything and does it fast---but lost a couple of the 'simple' functions that I enjoyed, and the instructions for a Mac user were not very helpful. They need to get someone who actually USES A MAC to write the Macintosh instructions. Just a suggestion. Now that I've calmed down after the one-star review I wrote yesterday (See below), I'll bump it up to a 4-star review, [Note: I bumped it back to 1 star again because it no longer works at all] because the product actually is probably the best available. [Note: I don't think that now] I do think that the product and/or the user manual must have been designed/written by someone with an intense dislike for Macintosh computers. I did finally get the address book created. However, I'm not used to having to click the X-box for the address I want to print, copy it and paste it into the print box. However, the LabelWriter 450 does just about anything one could want it to do. It does much more than I will ever want it to do. It's FAST. Please see my original rant (review), written after a frustrating several days trying to understand the online user manual:"There seems to be no way to create a new address book. That means each time I want to send something to the people I send things to twice a week, I can't just pull up their name and address. I have to search for it in my database and retype it---each time. I have wasted HOURS trying to read the user manual and find a way to do this. I am furious! I had to update from my last Dymo Labelwriter, which I liked very much and wouldn't be without, but it suddenly refused to close. Then I found that Dymo no longer supports that version. I bought this one as a compromise and it doesn't work for me. I would not recommend this product to anyone who uses a Macintosh. " ---original review updated above after I calmed down a bit. I'm still annoyed that they just stopped supporting my old LabelWriter. I Loved My Last Dymo LabelWriter. This One Must Have Been Created By Someone Who Dislikes Macs.
The ink does not last! I figured the generic version would be similar, but even though this is a high-yield generic, it did not even last as long as the trial toner that came with the printer. It was a complete waste of money, just spend a little more money and buy the brand version. Ink does not last!
These compatible cartridges were cheap, and they lived up to their price! They are not good cartridges at all. They smear ink on the paper, and are not very well made. Spend a little more and get the true HP branded cartridges! You get what you pay for!
The advertised "low price" induced me to buy the "Brother TN-360 Compatible Brand Toner (High Yield Version)" for my HL-2170W printer, but what a surprise! The laser toner cartridge (sold by "i8International Ink" or "INK4WORK," not sure) was received covered with ink powder on both sides of the unit and on the yellow protective shield covering the ink roller. I carefully cleaned the sides with a soft cloth, removed the dirty shield and cleaned that also. I then tried the toner, but it just didn't function properly; sometimes the copies were dirty and messy and sometimes no copies at all. I replaced the cartridge with my old one, which still had an adequate supply of ink in it, and no problem! Furthermore, the ink cartridge I received was not new, but looked like something that came out of a city dump. Unfortunately, this has been my experience with this product. Based on other customers' reviews, apparently I'm not the only dissatisfied customer. JUNK!
I bought this printer 2 months ago. If you use it in a home with moderate use the cost per page just shocked me. I thought maybe the included cartridges were not full versions so I ought a set of xtra capacity cartridges. The same thing and I was doing most of my printing on draft. I learned from past experiences that if one buys a printer with high consumables it is best to cut your losses early. a 100. 00 mistake. So expensive to use I gave it away after 2 months.
Returned it. The ink was not compatible with my computer. So I can't really rate this product. I have no further comments to say. CanonInkOwner.
When I initially received the ink tanks in the mail, one of them had a broken latch -- the plastic part that holds the tank in the printer. I contacted the company and received a replacement tank free of charge. Great customer service, so no issues there. Print quality is fine, too -- again, no complaints in that department. Yesterday, I needed to replace one of my color tanks. Every single replacement tank from this company? The computer chip had come unattached from the tank, rendering them useless for my Canon printer. Poor adhesive? Poor quality? Who knows. I just know I had to run to the store and spend money on an OEM tank. I checked some of the other tanks that I have yet to use… Half of the chips have separated from the tank. Half are okay. Of the 10 original tanks -- including the one with the defective latch -- five are able to be used. This company has not saved me any money, and I highly suggest you order elsewhere if you want non-OEM tanks. I prefer non-OEM, as they are less expensive, but this is the first time I have ordered from this company. I will not do it again. Worthless Product.
I bought this to confirm our land line had not been destroyed by lightning, it is HORRIBLE. It did what I wanted though, proved the land line worked so I could invest in a much better phone. Horrible buzzing noise.
For some reason Vtech decided to provide a 2. 5mm jack and an attachable belt clip for the handset that comes with the base unit but the only additional compatible handsets that can be bought from Vtech omit the jack for a standard headset and omit the belt clip. Instead the 6101 handsets have a speaker phone. You cannot buy an exact copy of the "Model 6151" handset that comes with the base unit. I can walk around hands free and have the handset attached to my belt and a headset on my head and take calls and talk to people on the phone. I cannot do this with a handset's speaker phone held in my mouth or stuck in a pants' pocket. Vtech needs to talk to people outside of the factory who actually use handsets before disabling current features and adding new capabilities that may be of little or no actual value. Speaker phones are useful when 2 or more people need to participate in a call from one end of the line. Otherwise the sound quality is lower for people at both ends than when using a headset and the portability aspect is lost as well as you cannot walk around while using the speaker phone but have to place it down and talk or hold it in your hand (at which point there is no reason to use it in speakerphone mode). I sent mine back and bought a Uniden 2-line cordless phone base unit and handsets instead. All the Uniden headsets have both a speaker phone capability and a jack for a headset and they have a belt clip. Functions are laid out better on the Uniden and it has the external antenna on the base station for greater range. Much better setup for the money than the Vtech 2-line cordless phones in every way. extra handsets are different than the one with the base.
Okay… I made a rookie Amazon shopper mistake. I knew better than to buy this. The review were horrible but my husband (points finger at him) said he had one just like it when he lived in Chicago. He took it out whenever he had shopping to do. It hauled groceries, books from the library, gym stuffs, and what else do bachelors drag around with them in Chicago? I don't know. Anyways… whatever he had wasn't this. So don't listen to him. Don't buy it. He is wrong. Very. Very. Wrong. Day 1 of cart… instructions are worthless. It says it goes one way but it goes a different way. My husband threw them away after 5 minutes and said they were wrong. Thankfully he is handy. It goes together and looks just like the picture. He is so excited for me. I have lots of space to drag all kinds of stuff to and from my classroom. I am not so excited. The cloth bag is a bag. It does not look like a pretty square in the picture. The top is all floppy and its flimsy. Day 2… we lived in an apartment at the time so we roll… errr… drag this out the the SUV. It has no shocks, it hits and finds every bump and cranny. Its big and bulky… good thing I have a big SUV. So far… I am not feeling the love for this and hubby is a little upset that I don't like his gift that he is still very excited about. Day 3… its still in the SUV. I didn't take it out at school. Ummm… I forgot?? Anyways, hubbys says since its in the car we should use it to bring in the groceries. 5 bags of food… no cans. Cart is groaning under the weight. What happened to up to 110 lbs? This is more like 25? Get it to the house and one of the wheels is slightly bent. Day 4,5, something something… it sits in my house like an eye sore. So don't like this thing! Day something or other… its been about a week now. We go and buy 6 gallons of water. Hubby grabs the cart determined to show me what a great cart this is and all its magic. Are you ready for the magic… yep… the metal that holds the wheels on BENT and it rolled no more. How many gallons of water does it take to kill this cart 3! 3!!!! And so that is how the cart died and was trashed. Poor husband had to admit this cart is horrible and the wife was happy because she (and her fellow Amazon reviewers) were right! Where is the 0 Star Option???
Avery Products have been around for such a long time, their name is synonymous with labels, quality labels! But something happened with these hand label pads; they are not necessarily needed, and their usage is limited. This is the kind of product that gets lost in the office or home! Yes, the labels can be carried in your purse, briefcase, or manbag, whatever you carry. They can be used to jot down notes, addresses while in the car or work; the small plastic bag is handy for carrying the labels for multipurpose usage. You can use them for mailing labels as I have done. You must write fairly small for this task. The labels are conveniently stacked on a hard backing for writing. Three colors are available. This would make color coding good while using office files. The labels are made with a small section for grabbing the label without touching and adhesive, however the labels do curl up if not careful. So… what's the problem?? THEY DON'T HAVE ENOUGH ADHESIVE!!! So, carry your Scotch clear tape with you, otherwise, you are writing on paper. A better product, try theAvery To/From Shipping Label Pad, 40 Labels (45280)… Rizzo Bring along the Scotch clear tape to secure your fully-adhesive label.
While I understand there is a need for temporary labels, I can't imagine a use for the file folder tab labels, which are advertised as staying in place, but don't. Unlike their competitors, the Avery labels have adhesive on the entire back. On the plus side, they have a nice retro look with the rectangular box on them. But the problems far outweigh their good looks. The pad is cumbersome to use and a single label is hard to get off. They curl almost immediately, so you have to put them on a surface. I tried them on a number of surfaces and they didn't stay put on any of them. Definitely a product not worth buying! They don't stay in place, not even for 12 hours!
Not much to comment on:Pros: 3 different colors, nice clean design, removable tab, reusable, writable, doesn't leave glue residue behind, 120 labels / $3. 79 or 3. 2 pennies per label, with free shipping if you have Amazon Prime or net purchase of > $25. Cons: NOT VERY STICKY, not printable. These labels come off so easily from most surfaces that I find them not very helpful at all. This defeats the purpose of having a label and negates all pro points; hence the 1/5 star. Not very sticky.
I have been a faithful HP customer for many generations of printers and I have just now reached the end of my time with them. This company cannot make affordable toners… perhaps they should try… what a bunch of crooks! HP ink cartridges are notoriously overpriced. The photosmart plus a decent machine but drinks more ink than a drunken sailor drinks. The cost to keep replacing the ink makes this machine not worth it! The only way to stay out of the poor house with HP printers is to buy aftermarket ink to refill your cartridges. HP protects against this (because they dishonestly make their cartridges run down so fast) by not allowing the computer chip to be reset (can someone out there make a device to do this please). So, you can use aftermarket ink to fill your cartridge but you won't get a read-out on how much ink is left… this is really annoying. This will likely be my last HP printer… I'm sick of paying them so much for their ink when other companies are so much cheaper and offer the same or better quality products… Don't buy HP printers anymore… they cost too much to operate.
*** 02/26/11 Update ***The scanner on this printer went kaput after about six months of extremely light use. Ink consumption is horrid. You either have to use the ink quickly and replace or it will evaporate on you. Either way, look to replace ink QUITE FREQUENTLY. I was hoping it would be better than the junk HP C6380 printer it replaced, but it wasn't. After having three HP printers go south on me in two years (yes, one of the other printers initially praised below went south as well), I've decided to switch brands. While the HPs were dropping like flies, I had an Epson Workforce 600 quietly working away like a good little soldier. No muss, no fuss, no problems. No weird scanning or ink system errors, just consistent reliable performance. I recently purchased an Epson 633 to replace the other HP. I will be buying Epson from now on (unless their reliability plummets, like HP). Good job HP. After over a decade of brand loyalty, you've blown it with this consumer. This is my fourth HP printer in the past year. I have two in my home and two with my children (students). All of them are multi-function machines (minus fax capabilities). I have been happy with all except my C6380 (piece of junk). So far so good with this printer. Setup was a bit of a pain. For starters, HP eliminated the setup poster that I've grown accustomed to. You have to insert a disk and follow the flash setup presentation. The LCD on the printer also walks you through setting up the printer, inserting the ink cartridges, and loading paper. All of these were relatively easy. In fact, I was coasting along pretty good until I tried to setup wireless on the printer itself. The printer has a touchscreen LCD, so I thought the ability to configure wireless via the touchscreen was included. I discovered you can only configure wireless via the touchscreen if you have a WPS router. I personally like to manually configure my wireless devices, so I was out of luck. With no other options, I installed the software CD-ROM and followed the setup guide. I discovered I had to temporarily connect the USB cable to configure wireless other than WPS. So, I connected and followed the instructions. I ran into a couple error messages due to my SSID not being broadcast and the software failing to initially find the printer after I configured wireless. I was able to click through both and complete setup. Although I selected custom setup and deselected all of the junkware, I still ended up with the Yahoo toolbar, HP Shopping, and MSN Live photo gallery software installed, so be careful when performing a custom installation. Make sure it confirms your choices (unless you want those apps installed). After my lengthy install, the printer was ready to go. The color LCD is sharp and clear. Choices are logically laid out and easy to access. You have icons for copying (color and B&W;), scanning (and options of where to send scanned files), and photo printing. You can print directly from flash devices and there is a built-in card reader. You can print photo book pages, panoramas, and other creative options without a PC. Printing was fast and quality is excellent. Noise is moderate but tolerable. Scanned images came out good and can be saved as photo files or PDF. You can easily monitor ink levels via the LCD or the HP Solutions software on your PC. The printer comes with a six foot USB cable and a 100ct pack of 4X6 HP Advanced glossy photo paper. The printer uses 564/564XL ink cartridges which don't tend to last too long, especially if you print heavy. Just to give you an example, I've replaced the cartridges in my C6380 three times in the past year. Ink cartridge replacement is relatively simple. Simply open the lid and the ink cartridge centers. Push the tab, pop out the cartridge and pop a replacement into the well-marked slot. Installing the printer on additional PC's is a simple process after the initial printer setup is completed. Simply pop in the CD and the printer will be detected during installation (just don't forget to disable your firewall first). Overall, I'm happy with this printer. Setup could be made a little easier and it's a shame that they didn't include the ability to configure wireless via the LCD. Other than these minor gripes, printing is good, not the speediest, but good quality. Another good thing is that the CD that shipped with my printer is already stamped "Windows 7 compatible", so no downloading the latest drivers if you have or plan to get Windows 7. On second thought.
->Don't review this printer until you've had it awhile. You may be happy at first but I promise you EVERYONE says this printer is a dud BIG time, including me. Here's my short lived story:I've never been through so many HP printers in my life as I have been this past year including this one. So FRUSTRATING!! They seemed to be so great years ago and now every single one I buy, high or low end, as soon as they are out of warranty or you go for that first ink change - DONE FOR GOOD!! And then you're out the expensive cost of new ink cartridges that are stuck in the printer that's now dead and that probably cost you close to what you paid for the printer itself. I'm VERY upset and disappointed - it's absolute JUNK!! **JUNK ->DON'T BUY IT!! ** Prints well at first & WILL BREAK FAST!!
I don't like this new model at all. On the first day, I accidentally dropped it on the floor and the battery cap joint immediately snapped. Now I have to cover it with ugly tapes. This would never happen in the original model: I had one for many years; The battery cap joint was sturdy and intentionally reinforced, and it survived numerous falls. I don't understand why Logitech changed the design and made the joint tiny and fragile. They should know that shock-resistance is very important for a remote presenter. break much easily than the original model.
I read review from SDW222. If this printer shuts down because one ink cartridge is empty then what good is it? I have always loved Canon printers but when you run out of color ink you can not scan or fax even though you don't need ink to scan or fax. Nothing works until you replace the ink. You can't even print black and white text document until you replace the color. Other printers don't require that you buy color ink to print black and white which makes sense. Does not operate if one ink cartridge is empty.
Edit 06/24/2012: Printer is dead. We've tried everything - cleaning print head, changing ink, etc. It's KAPUT. DO NOT BUY. I bought this printer at a big-box retailer for $100. I have a long history of owning Canon printers which I've been happy with and have lasted me a LONG time. I bought an HP because of cost, name recognition and the inks seemed to be cheaper. I am now regretting my decision. The prints themselves are ok, but there's a laundry list of problems with this machine. * The WIRELESS, or lack thereof. I could never get this printer to stay connected to my wireless network at home. I had it connected and working for about a day or two. So finally just ran the printer cable and did away with wireless printing. Wasn't worth the hassle. The wireless connection would drop constantly despite the fact that our five laptops never had issues, so clearly, the issue was with the printer. * Slow scanning. I've owned a few scanners in my time, and this thing is SLOW. Scans are good quality, however. * Touch-screen panel - buggy. I can never get the left arrow to function unless I press down really hard, and even then, it doesn't always work. The touch screen is a neat idea, but generally useless. The apps? Are you kidding me? Who is going to use apps on a PRINTER? * Missing native print drivers/screen. When I go to print, all I get is the generic Windows print interface. Despite searching numerous forums, I can't see that HP has any solutions for the missing print drivers and the native print screen menu that's supposed to accompany this device. So what do I like? Well, the prints are good. That's about it. For all the bells and whistles, well, they're just disappointing. I was all excited to have this souped-up (and my first) all-in-one, but this combo disappoints. Can't wait to get back to Canon… *sigh* Not happy - edit: printer died 06/24/2012.
I initially wrote a 4 star review with just one complaint the printer takes too long to get ready to print a first page. I deleted that review today so I can update my review to reflect the 1 star status this printer deserves. I bought this printer for the 802. 11n wireless, because it also already had the other features I was looking for. HP has does a horrible job with the software drivers for this printer. It looks nice, has a great feature set, has a great price, but it's a pain in the butt to operate. Initially it took a long time for the printer to prep itself to get ready to print the first page of a doc or photo, then when it finally printed, it was as fast as I'd expect. A software update seemed to remedy this, however, that problem and other problems continued, such as the disappearing act the image scanner function seems to do where it will work fine one day, then the next time imaging programs can't find the printer and I have to re-install the printer software. Sometimes, the printer will take forever to print a color document or photo -- it just crawls along -- and I end up canceling the print job. The printer can't handle the canceling very well, because it will then print out several mostly blank pages with just a little printing of junk characters till you cancel that a few times and it wastes so much paper. terrible! Terrible printer.
Can you say "Don't forget to use all your new ink cartridges to TRY to clear the CLOG? " I now know Epson's customer service stinks. I give up on their less than stellar inks and going to say hello to a non-Epson printer. I am NOT the kind who wants to get out my tools and service this think like a roadside mechanic. Ain't happenin', I'm just sayin'. After belonging to the exceptional (seriously wonderful) Epson Yahoo group, I realized I was going to stop trying to save this printer. Maybe someone else is more "hands on". At the prices being asked on Amazon today (2/9/13) PLEASE think many, many times before purchasing this printer. Now,… you're on your own. Can you say "Clog"? CCCCCLLLLOOOOGGGGGGG.
I'm not happy with the Epson Workforce 1100 Wide Format Printer. I received this printer on 12-4-09. Once I got this printer all set up, there were problems from the start. Once I installed the necessary included software onto my computer, it failed to detect it. I check my USB cable, that was fine. I checked to see if the printer was plugged in correctly, it was. However, since I have Windows 7, I thought possibly I needed an updated printer driver. I checked their website and they did have a Windows 7 driver available for download. I download then installed it on my computer. I was still having problems. I called Epson. A tech support technician walked me through a few steps and we finally got the printer to work correctly. Once I started printing, right away I was unimpressed with the print quality. While black and white printing was good, the output in color was average at best. The color is off on a lot of my printouts and it doesn't compare to my other printer. It's actually quite a bit worse. I've tried all kinds of paper types and weights of several different brands. I've tried tweaking the printer settings. Nothing seemed to work. This printer comes with series 68 inks(the high capacity inks) which I don't think was meant for great print quality. I figured maybe if I get the 69 series inks, which according to Epson's website, it's supposed to produce better quality prints, that would do the trick. I never got the chance to find out. Fast forward. Today, 12-22-09, I got my new 69 series inks. When I went to turn on the printer to install them, the printer started malfunctioning. The green power light started blinking and shut off, then the printer started grabbing the loaded paper half way then it stopped. This resulted in the paper getting jammed in the printer. Then the load paper and load ink lights started blinking orange in unison. I had to forcefully pull out the jammed paper. I turned off the printer and took out the paper from the top feeding tray. I turned the printer back on and again the same thing started happening except this time it kept grabbing for paper which wasn't there and again the orange lights would continuously blink. I barely used this printer because it was only intended for use if I need to print to larger paper. My main printer is my old Canon MX850. I called Epson and got a tech support technician. He walked me through a few troubleshooting steps and nothing seemed to work. Finally he told me this printer is experiencing a hardware failure and there was no fix. He offered to replace it but since it was within Amazon's 30-day window plus the extended holiday return period which I believe ends 1-31-10, I opted to just ship it back to Amazon and look for another brand printer. I purchased this printer because like I said, I needed it mainly for printing on large formats. I also purchased it because of the incredible price and great reviews. I had high hopes for this printer and I'm really disappointed with it. I have had a previous bad experience with another model Epson printer but I didn't let that dissuade me from getting this one because I believe just because one has a problem with a particular model of a brand doesn't mean it should tarnish their whole line of products. However, that's two for two and now I'm rethinking that idea. I'm sorry that my luck isn't as good as everyone else's but this is my honest experience with this product. I did plan on keeping it even though I initially wasn't impressed with the print quality until it started malfunctioning for no apparent reason. So-so print quality and dead in less than a month.
I bought the brown ink. It is very scratchy and spotty so it is hard to see that the ink is brown -- it looks more like a very light black. But the real problem is that while the barrels are new they skip so much you think that there is no ink left. I would not recommend the BROWN. I haven't tried other colours. Brown is very scratchy.
Like the other reviews about jamming, I have had the same constant problems. HP has been no help, just the corporate run around from an outsourced call center. I have only had this in "use" since March. I just received this email today from someone there that cannot even write in complete sentences. He says"They are reviewing the case, we don't replaced printers for new ones after 30 days of purchase, only for refurbished, they are trying to work around on that, is not as simple as just saying yes. Please just bear with me while I received the reply. Just rest assured that they are working on in at this moment ok, as soon as I have their offer I let you know. "This is under warranty and I am waiting for their OFFER. Under no circumstances should you buy from this company. They give you no service, and if you google this is a known issue with this printer. Addition to this review July 6th. I received a phone call today, months after my purchase and they offered to send me a new one. I listened with a smile on my face and then told them that I had purchased another printer, and that would be the last HP product in my home. Oh, my new printer, not hp, is just working great, no jams and perfect printing. Horrible Printer, Phantom Jams, Don't Buy From HP.
This is a very misleading offer from a company that probably invested way too much VC money in a failed scheme and is now desperately trying to maintain a business that does not deserve to exist. For the typical user (someone who mails a few things a week) there is nothing you can do with this $18 a month software that cannot be done for FREE online with USPS, UPS, or FedEx. The Bait & Switch of this offer:When you look at the description of this product, you are thinking that you get a $45 postage credit, right? WRONG! You actually get $5, but that is NOT made clear until AFTER you have signed up and supplied a valid credit card number. Then guess what - there is no easy way to cancel your account once you figure out what a questionable product this is! Yes, that's right folks - you have to CALL their "customer service center" which is only open Monday - Friday during normal business hours. I don't know about you, but during that time, I'm BUSY WORKING and don't want to spend an hour on hold waiting for someone who barely speaks English to make it difficult for me to cancel my account. I was going to post a review about feature/functionality, because I did install the software and use it, taking a lot of notes in the process. However, it would be a waste of your time (and mine) to bother, since the service itself is such a poor value. If you are a business that requires a large volume of mailing, then get a postage meter and dispense with the hassles of this lightweight desktop product. If you are like me (a small home-based business), it is far more economical to just use the various FREE online options for printing labels. For a few bucks you can buy postage labels directly from USPS (for less than what Stamps. com charges, btw). This service just doesn't make sense. Still considering it? OK, here's a couple of specific complaints/comments about the software:* Windows only - no Mac version (this is not made clear in the item description)* Clunky install wizard reminiscent of Windows 95 has me very worried about how hard it will be to uninstall this software… * Once you type in your "promo code" (the one that is supposed to give you $45 per the item description), there is no indication that it has "taken". I realize now that this is intentional - they know that if they show you are only getting $5, you will cancel before you have gotten to the next important step (for them) - handing them your credit card number! * The marketing "opt-in" check boxes are small, hidden, and default to "opt-in"* If you want to print labels, you have to supply the serial number off the individual label page. Huh??!!! Ah, of course - they want to make sure you only buy labels from them! * As mentioned earlier, once you supply your credit card number, there is no way to remove it or cancel your account on line. You have to call a number during "regular business hours"Bottom line, it appears that Stamps. com is so desperate for customers that they are resorting to bait-and-switch tactics and very misleading business practices. Furthermore, the product is of questionable value in an environment where several superior FREE options exist. [UPDATE 2/8/10]I called today to cancel the service. I was told to hang up and call another number, which I did. I waited on hold for about 6 minutes at the second number, and then spoke with someone who was obviously well trained on selling rather than customer "service". She was professional and cordial, but moderately aggressive about overcoming my objections to the service (extending the free trial, changing to a lower priced plan, etc). Once I mentioned that I was using a Mac, she gave up quickly and processed my cancellation. I then uninstalled the software from my Windows PC. The cancellation process seemed relatively painless (hopefully it will actually take effect) and took about 15 minutes of my time. Misleading offer that doesn't work on a Mac.
I won't restate other reviewers but add that I also found nothing in my package to order a scale and only one postcard offering $10 credit. I uploaded a photo to show package contents. I wanted this to work as I have to make weekly trips to the post office to have packages weighed for mailing. Even if my mailing costs exceed the $10 credit, I'll still be paying an additional $8 a month for the privilege of printing my postage at home. I'll save $100 a year and a lot of hassle by just taking my packages to the post office. You can mail any package from home weighing less than 13 oz. using regular stamps. You can get all the details at the USPS website (search for first class mail prices) but here are some of the costs:7oz $2. 248oz $2. 419oz $2. 5810oz $2. 7511oz $2. 9212oz $3. 09 Misleading Claims.
When I first received this kit, I was impressed by all the different types of Avery labels included and really looked forward to trying everything out with the free $45 in postage it advertised. I created my account, entered my promo code, and couldn't figure out why I only had a $5 credit. Then I read the fine print on the packaging that isn't included in the Amazon information and found that I get the additional $40 after 30 days. Unfortunately, at the 30 day mark, they are going to bill me the $17. 99 monthly fee too. So, I'll use my $5 and cancel the account. There is no reason for me to pay $18 a month for the same service I can get for free through Paypal or USPS. The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one was because the included labels are very nice. I hope Amazon revises this item to include the critical information about only getting a $5 credit upfront and having to pay a $17. 99 fee to get the next $40. Edited: It got even worse. I tried to print the 11 stamps I could print with the $5 in free postage and the software can't find my wireless printer (even though every other piece of software on my computer finds it just fine). I attempted to print to what they chose as default and, of course, it didn't print. So, I tried to get the money back and the link to request a refund, conveniently, doesn't work. I went to call customer service to cancel, and they are only open Monday - Friday. So, now I have to wait until Monday and deal with them while I'm at work. Because of this, I had to take away a star. I would take away two, but I'm already at the lowest rating. I also read through the fine print again (and after reading other reviews) and saw that the kit should come with four postcards for $10 in free postage. You can only use one $10 credit per month, but that wouldn't matter for me anyway because my kit only came with one postcard. Very Misleading.
I am a nice reviewer. As I've grown accustomed to Amazon's reviews and descriptions, it's really rare for me to buy something (or select something) that I don't already know I will really enjoy. It's going to take a lot for me to say something deserves only one star. This deserves zero stars. There are several reasons. One is that it immeadiately demanded a credit card number before I tried out the product. Even if I just want to look at the software, see how it handles mail merges or label printing or whatever, I have to give it a credit card or it just plain doesn't work at all. The CD came with a "promo code" that did not work when I entered it in. Not that it mattered, because this offer appears to be the default, code or not. It's pretty hard to use this unless you know exactly how much your product weighs. That's how it works with postage most of the time, of course. The scale requires you to pay and wait, it's only 5 pounds, and I just don't think it makes sense to eat up some of my trial period waiting for a scale I need. This 'starter kit' really should have included that. I would have been willing to pay ten bucks for the kit with the scale. Of course, they are claiming the scale is free instead of simply charging you upfront. The free postage rebate is far outweighed in fees. You get ten dollars back, but you have to follow a very silly postcard per month process while paying $18. I hate these sorts of slow rebates with needless hassle and paperwork. by the time you get $40, you have spent $72 on fees. WORSE, you have spent 5 months at least. And you spent more if you got the scale you really must get to make good use of this. So really, you're paying $8 a month for the first few months, for a product that isn't much better than the USPS shipping label printer. And that's if you manage the hassle of the 'free' postage postcards for four months. All in all, the claim "includes $45 in postage" is simply a lie. It comes with $5 postage. That's all. To get more, you have to pay them more than you get back. I don't mind paying for this product. A system that manages my postage would be a big help. I sell things online and could use it. Just be straight with me. Don't make me jump through hoops. If they had discounted the fee for the first few months, instead of this stupid plan, included a scale in the kit, this would have saved Avery customers needless hassle. The software is up to the task, the labels are very good (I like the 3 in one labels which print your postage, return address, and 'to' address), but it's nothing amazing, and the value of the product is actually negative. It's a great concept, but every single step is a surprise that feels like I just lost the gimmick lottery. It was much easier, even after I installed this sucker and dug through my wallet for my Visa card, to just drive on down to the post office and let Patty determine my shipping charges. I am having a very hard time with this.
I don't see why anyone would buy this product. You only get $5 instead of $45 like the package states unless you sign-up for [… ] and give them your credit card information. Upon googling about [… ]. they have terrible customer service and bill peoples credit cards erroneously. Basically you are just getting highly overpriced labels, and software that took a tole on my computer. It took me almost a whole day to repair my computer and software back the way it was before I put this on it. Unless you are looking to spend money on absolutely nothing in gain and/or looking to destroy a computer… BEWARE - STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE!!! Horrible Overpriced Garbage!!!
This "starter kit" is really just a bunch of labels and the fabulous opportunity to get ripped off with a monthly subscription to a service you don't need. The descriptor is very misleading and doesn't include $45 worth of postage (just $5) and you have to register for Stamps. com and give them your credit card to activate your benefits. Then you have to remember to cancel on time, or they'll charge you $18 per month to do exactly what you can do on [… ], Paypal, or eBay. Maybe this was useful before the major sites got the capability to print postage, but now it's obsolete and feels like very "slick" marketing. Deceptive.
I really like the Avery line of products and I've been a loyal customer for years. This, however, is not a product that inspires confidence. The labels are great - the same Avery quality that I've come to expect - but the "free" postage isn't free and only comes after buying a few months' worth of membership at Stamps. com (currently $15. 99/month). The kit also includes instructions to order a free postal scale. I've tried to order but the scale has never arrived (this is after several months). I actually don't mind going to the post office and find it very convenient and quick, but I don't mind trying out something new that might save me even more time. I sell a lot of books and thought that an online postage service would be handy, but this just hasn't worked out for me. I like that I can print out Media Mail postage (some online services don't provide that service), but I also make a lot of international shipments and I still have to go to the post office for those. All in all, this kit hasn't saved me any time, and that is the number one reason I wanted to try it. Perhaps if someone mails numerous packages each week this is a worthwhile membership, but it doesn't fit my needs. I don't like that the package promises one thing but the many lines of fine print actually point to something different. I'm not surprised that "free" doesn't mean free, but more transparency in the actual offer would be appreciated. Not a good deal.
I do occasional selling on eBay and Amazon, so I jumped at the chance to review this for the Amazon Vines program. I'm so, so glad I didn't actually pay for it. "$45 in postage*" the description promises. (*$5 immediately, and $40 after 30 days). "Four weeks of service included*" (*and $17. 99/month afterward, which is almost half of that $40 in postage they promised [28&lt;30. Do the math])"Free postage scale* (*just pay shipping and handling)"Free delivery confirmation with Priority Mail services" (something that is available through the USPS website to anyone using Priority Mail). And so on. What's actually in the package is a bunch of mailing labels and a CD. You do get some mailing management software, but, unless you do mass shipping, it's not clear it's that much better than the interface eBay and Paypal already provide. If you jump through a bunch of hoops, and pay an exorbitant monthly fee, you'll get some value back in postage. Not worth it Death by Asterisk.
Avery has joined forces with stamps. com to offer this "starter kit" for print-at-home postage, and while the box makes big, great-sounding promises: "Four Free Weeks of Service! " and "$45 Free Postage"… the fine print reveals some major drawbacks. First, the "free" postage. Actually, it's only $5, not $45, unless you subscribe to stamps. com $15. 99/month service. And even then it's not $40, it's $10 per month via four separate coupons (my kit had only one), redeemable only via a mail and requiring an ADDITIONAL "6-8 weeks" of waiting, FOR EACH. Oh and the postcard must be mailed using an Avery stamp and stamps. com postage, notch. Oh and, that "four weeks" of free service? It's actually 14 days. When you sign up, they state clearly they'll charge your credit card for a month's service if you don't call and cancel, "within 14 days. "The (ridiculously high, in my opinion) monthly service fee is prohibitive unless you're mailing upwards of $200-$400/month on a regular basis, so that leaves most home users out. Since the postage MUST be printed on stamps. com approved labels, that's another continuing and significant expense, above and beyond the $15. 99 monthly fee and postage costs. I also read complaints from people online that cancellation is very difficult (you have to call and get the hard sell from operators) and can not be done online, leaving some with endless auto debits (the only method stamps. com allows for payment), even when they're not using the service. All you're actually getting with this kit is 5 pages of self-stick, printable mailing labels (10 total), 4 pages of "3-part mailing labels pages" and 5 stamp pages (20 stamps per page). In short, this is NOT something useful to most people who use USPS simply to send cards, pay bills and mail the occasional package. Unless you're currently making daily runs to the post office and sending 10-20 packages per week, stamps. com service likely won't pay off for you. And if you DO need this service--high volume eBay or Amazon Marketplace sellers, for instance--stamps. com own trial offer (which comes with the same label/stamp printing kit), postage credits, PLUS a 10 lb. USB postage scale that automatically integrates with their system and makes the whole thing MUCH easier to use, is probably a better deal. Again, and only in the fine print, Avery acknowledges a postage scale is required to fully utilize the stamps. com service. The Avery kit claims you can get a 5 lb. postage scale (that does NOT hook up to your computer or integrate with the stamps. com software) by submitting a mail-in form and, "just pay[ing] shipping and handling. " My kit lacked said form but I have a sneaking suspicion that "shipping and handling" would exceed the cost of the scale in the first place. (You can buy a basic 5 lb. postage scale for >$15 at most office supply stores. )Lastly, the Avery/stamps. com system will only work with Windows PCs. Max and Linux users are out of luck. In fact, the packaging says it only works with Vista, but Windows 7 machines seem to access everything OK too. (Stamps. com entire site only works with Windows running Internet Explorer, making it a web dinosaur. Some areas won't function under Firefox or other browsers. Who under the age of 65 uses IE? )If you do use lots of postage, stamps. com might be a good deal--for instance, you get electronic rate discounts on larger mail items and extra services--but I think there are better ways to use/access the service than via this Avery starter kit. And if you're only mailing things online, there are other places to print online postage, without a monthly fee, including the U. S. Postal Service's own website. EDIT: For some reason, even though the service name and free postage amount claim are listed in the TITLE OF THIS PRODUCT, Amazon. com redacted all references in my review to the service these Avery labels require you to use for postage and the amounts of free postage promised and/or given. I don't get that at all (especially when such things NOT redacted in a previous review) and I have no idea how you're supposed to review the labels when you can't reference the service you must subscribe to use them and the claims made on the packaging. High Monthly Service Fees, Not Compatible with Mac.
As others have already reviewed, the marketing on this product is pretty out of control. Lots and lots of hype, and very little value delivered. At the end of the day, you're paying $17. 99/month for some software (and a one-time credit of $40 postage. ). As far as I can tell with brief usage, though, the software offers you nothing that you can't do for free on the USPS website. And from the USPS site, you can just print onto plain printer paper, with no need to purchase labels, etc. If you are an eBay seller, the Paypal shipping label printing functionality is the same as USPS, with just a faster process since the data from your transaction is already in the eBay/Paypal system. AVOID. Use the USPS site or eBay/Paypal instead.
There is not much to say about labels. You expect to be able to print well onto them, and have them adhere well onto packages. Unfortunately, these labels only accomplish the latter. They are promoted as accepting both ink and laser toner, but in my Brother laser printer, I tried to print both UPS and USPS labels onto them and the print quality was so terrible that I had to reprint onto plain white labels. I feared the carriers would not accept labels with degraded bar codes. It seems the printing surface of these labels is too fibrous to accept the toner well, and it even smudged a little after printing. In non-critical situations this might be fine, but not when printing bar codes. The adhesive seemed strong and durable, however. Having labels that blend in with corrugated boxes is a nice idea, but not at the expense of usability or print quality. Laser printing does not work well on these labels.
They arrived torn and scattered in the box. I returned them without use. There was no labeling included. This is a very generic low-end product. defective packaging.
Peels up after an hour or so so I have to use tape as well… defeatist itemWhy in the world am I using sticky labels that don't stick? Is this bizzaro world or something? Peels up after an hour or so so I have to use tape as well… defeatist item.
This has got to be the worst printer I've ever owned. I use multiple mifi cards at my location for internet due to lack of DSL in our area, which means that you must install the printer on EACH mifi connection. Unfortunately, since it is not a static connection, the IP address frequently changes and then the printer must be reinstalled to that particular IP address. Which means that EVERY single time you want to print something, the printer must be REINSTALLED. On top of that, no matter how many times we reconfigure or realign the printer, it does NOT print straight. the margins at the top will be. 50 indented and the bottom will be. 75, so the images are skewed, the text is skewed. We've recalibrated, run the various maintenance options, etc. From the get go this printer has been nothing short of a nightmare. It goes through ink like a sponge absorbs water and the heads frequently need cleaning to prevent massive smudging. Photos printed on photo paper have a tendency to smear before they can dry & can only be printed up to 5x7 size due to the alignment issues. The only good thing about it is the FAX, which is why I haven't thrown it out the door yet. Worst Printer I've ever Owned.
We purchased many of these printersin 2009-2010 about 150)- 3 from Amazon. We don't understand any of the 5 starreviews unless their from Epson's pocket. Out of the 150 printers,we kept 4 for ourselves (The restwere for resellers). Of the 4 printers - all 4 have been troublesome. 1 went dead (No power) after just 2months, other one went with blinking lights"internal error" - and it will not functionwhat-so-ever. Of The remaining 2:One isstill functioning but hassles us with "printcartridges not recognized"(with the original ink cartridges thatcame with the printer). This printer failsover day or so - we partially resolvedthe problem by pulling the power cord fromthe wall and re-starting this cumbersome printer. Finally, the final 4th printer (after workingfine for 4 months) is blinking the same errormessage that the previous printer did. This monster has bad quality control issues. The paper tray is horribly designed and sitsfar to close to the receiving paper tray thatis so flimsy, it broke off on two of our printers. Paper jams are frequent on these printers, andcan only print on thin papers. Sometimes, itpicks up 4 or 5 sheets at a time (20 pound paper)especially when printing jobs with multiple paperrequirements. The printer needs a baby sitterif you send a print job consisting of more than 1 page. The CD Tray is way too flimsy. Seems like it canbend or break very easily - very poorlymade and just bad quality for such a price to pay. Internet SpyingWhen we proceeded to printing a job over 3 documents,our firewall sent us a message (before printing)"EEventManager Application is trying to access the internet"When we looked it up it said "Seiko Epson". Now, when pressed"print" why did it want to access the Internet? Umm… Well, we blocked it, because we DO Know that Epson "updates"your printer's software to block you from using 3rd partycartridges. So to Epson: Why do you want to connect to our computerswhen printing a simple document? 710 CartridgesThe 710 ink cartridges seem to last a bit longer,but the printer spends much of the time'cleaning' the heads, that a good portionof the ink (at least 7 per cent) of the cartridgeis wasted during its cleaning cycle. The cycle seems to occur to every timeyou turn on the printer - so wekept on most of the time (or sleep).. so the cycle would not repeat sooften. One amazon review also noted thatthe internal counter is ticking away everytimethe printer saturates the ink pads - somethingEpson never tells it customers that this printerwill completely shut down after the pads aredone (the reset software may not work), leavingyou without a scanner - because once the printershuts down - so does the scanner (we had thischecked and it has been verified by technicians). Also on this last 710 we have,the scanner keptscanning everytime we would turn on the computer -automatically - scanning nothing. Weird. These printers are extremely noisy onstart up to print. The snaps, crackles,and pops it makes before printing (sometimesfor a good 2 minutes) is enough to make thehair stand up on you thinking if this printeris commiting suicide. They are fairly quietwhile printing, though. Summary: We can not recommend this printer. The paper jams are far to frequent along withits terrible cheap paper tray. Our employeesdespise this model simply because it hasruined gobs of clean white paper by jammingand swallowing up 2 to 5 sheets at a time. Daniel James Tyler (WJ Group) Monster Paper Jammer.
Don't be fooled by the advertising that claims this is a 48-bit (16/channel) scanner. The files produced by their scanning software will be downgraded to 24-bit (8/channel) before being given to you. I bought this unit from somewhere other than Amazon, but am posting this review as a public service. I submitted this exact problem to Epson's support: "Using the latest version of the scan software (Epson Scan 3. 76US) in 'Professional Mode' I do not get a 48-bit color scan option. Under 'Image Type' I get '24-bit Color' only. How do I scan at the advertised 48-bit color depth level? "EPSON'S RESPONSE (four-day turnaround, fyi)"Thank you for contacting Epson regarding your Epson Artisan 810. The specification of the scanner can support 48 bit (input) and 24 (output only). That is why on Epson Scan you only have 24 bit option. "MY COMMENTSI'm not given to hyperbole, but this is downright fraudulent on the part of Epson - nowhere in any of their marketing or support documentation for this product do they reveal the scanner has a lower "output" than "input" bit depth. And to add insult to injury I can see right in their scanning software that 48-bit is supported on at least some of their products, but in my case the 48-bit option was grayed out. (And until now I was completely ignorant of the difference - do a Google search for "scanner input versus output depth"). My recently deceased Canon MP760 all-in-one scanner would output 48-bit (i. e. 16/channel) color depth, and my Photoshop CS2 software handled it just fine. It never occurred to me that a more-expensive and three-year-newer printer would not do the same. You have been warned. Not a true 48-bit scanner, contrary to their advertising.
I ordered 1 set. The first was not recognized by my ip4700 printer even after many tries as a functioning cartridge or would read empty. I emailed Vivamart and they promptly sent out another set. I was able to occasionally make the 2nd one work intermittently but neither are now recognized by my printer after printing less than 5 pages. These apparently are not really compatible. I am not fond of the ip4700 printer in any way. It is cantankerous, slow, and hangs up my computer. All my previous Canon printers were much better than this. And almost anyone's cartridges worked just fine. not compatible.
I would give this 5 stars for great adhesive and removability but the little tear off piece is terrible. The perforation is useless leaving a jagged ugly edge. I understand why they tried to market it this way since people are use to the pad form of Post-it products but these would have been much more user friendly had they left them as individual wax paper backed labels and sold them in the same zip lock storage pouch they already came in. I much prefer their product called Color-Coding Labels sold in an 8. 5x11 sheet size format with waxed paper backing for easy removable labels. There are 4 colors rather then just two and they have clean rounded edges for a much nicer finished look. They can be printed on with your printer (the package I received was for laser, not sure they make them for inkjet? ) but they are nice to hand write on as well and they are smaller labels 1''x2-5/8'' so they are great on file folders as well as other applications. They need to work on the above product some more I would not recommend them as they are now. The perforation stinks!
I tried these and the glue is too sticky. When I tried to remove them, they torn the pages in my book. :( too sticky.
Pros:They are bright and come in assorted colors for easy color coding of filesThey run very well through the printer and come out cleanCons:They don't re-stick once they are peeled offThey come off in one piece, but leave a sticky residue on the file/folderThey are more pricey than regular stickies with no added benefitsYou can't cleanly write on them instead of putting them in the printerOverall, Don't waste your money on these. They essentially do the same thing that regular, store brand labels do. The only exception is that they come in neat colors. I found that printing on them works well, but where they fall short is the peeling and re=sticking. They come off, but leave a mark and then are not truly sticky enough to reapply and leave for a long period of time, which is the feature that I thought would make these labels worth paying the extra money for. Also, I liked the idea of being able to color code files, these work great for that, but the fun colors alone aren't worth paying the extra cost. I have found that I can use regular labels and print the letters themselves in color-which allows me to use the cheaper labels, but still have a color coded system that works just as well at a fraction of the cost. In an economy where every penny counts, save yourself some money and pass on these over-priced, under performing labels!! Not really worth it.
I'd had high hopes to save time by printing up a batch of these return address labels. Unfortunately, due to two problems, they're unsuitable for such use:1. The label size is not among the predefined sizes used in MS Office Word 2007, so I went to 3M's website in search of a template. Even that didn't work correctly. Though it appeared formatted perfectly on my computer the print overlapped the left margin by 2 letters on every single column. Repeated efforts to fix this weren't successful. 2. Also, the label height is such that you can only get 2 lines of default (11 pt) size type on them. That's enough for a street address on one line, with City, State and Zip on another. In other words, there's insufficient space for your name, much less an apartment or suite number. I probably could've remedied the second problem by reducing the font to a smaller size but then it would be so small some people might find it unreadable. The first problem couldn't be corrected at all, unfortunately. Difficult To Format Properly With Word.
I thought I'd give these some time before posting a review, to see how well they held up. They don't. I loved the idea of being able to move the labels on the plastic drawers I use for organizing everything I like to tuck away in cabinets, from office supplies to toiletries. But, less than a month after putting these in place, the labels were falling off every time I turned around. I found one that had made its way, somehow, from my home office out to reappear in my car. And, another one turned up on my cat's foot! A couple labels that I tested on manila folders did work better, and seem still to be in place for now. That's not what I wanted to do with these, though, and the ones I tested on a wood shelf didn't fare any better than the ones I used on plastic. I'm giving up on the nifty idea of re-stickable labels on my plastic drawers and boxes, and plastering these in place with a strip of packing tape each. And, I'm not impressed. It's a great idea, but it needs to go back to the drawing board! Sticks to paper, but nothing else.
I bought several of these to hold doors open while moving from one apartment to another. They are realy light, too light to hold a heavy door. They are also prone to breaking or bending rather than holding doors in place if you do manage to get them to stay put. I ended up needing to wedge several of these together under an exterior door to keep it open. Don't bother.
i hate having to open n close doors to go from room to room in my own house when i am the only one at home so i thought these might be able to help… seems i was wrong!! no matter how far i push 'em under the doors they just skate right across the floor with the least amount of breeze… two different rooms… two different tiles (non-skid-might i add)… maybe it has to do with the smooth finish in the bottom… either way… i wont recommend these for wooden or tiled floors… waste of money.
This thing looks like half of a golf ball on my wall, it also doesn't do much for stopping the door either. By its description it seems like it is soft and full of air. Its a hollow half circle with a sticker pad on the back. Haven't decided if it is even worth the return effort Soft Wall Door Stop.
You get a 36x24" thin sheet of melamine resin surrounded by a VERY thin aluminum frame with a little tray to hold your markers and eraser on the bottom side. The frame is so thin, the entire structure warps and wobbles it you attempt to actually write on the board or erase while on an easel. You need to dedicate one hand to hold the board when using it. If mounted on a wall - and it comes with instructions, template and the needed 2 screws and 3 (one extra) plastic wall anchors - the warping should not be an issue but that's not how I intended to use it. I do hate this board and therefore the 'one star' rating. If the vendor issued a warning against easel mounting it would have been a different story and I would not have spent my money on it in the first place but, warning absent, I wasted my money on something that I can't use as I intended. It warps.
The packing was completely inadequate, the board was out of the package and broken at two corners. Arrived terribly damaged.
I bought this when it was on special at Christmas, but just got around to using it now. I popped in new batteries I bought from Amazon and they were too weak. Lousy Amazon basic batteries! Put in more new batteries and tried again. Nothing. Opened it to find the the labels were twisted inside and they were all dried out. Boo, hiss, Amazon! Tape dried out. Labels not dispensing.
When I saw this lap table I have to admit I thought it would be great for my laptop and iPad. It might be, if you could ever get it configured right. It is extremely difficult to set the legs and the sad part is that once you spend all that time to get the legs set right and use it, you have to fold the legs up to store it. So the time it took to set it was wasted. It is also kind of flimsey and bouncy. Not good for much of anything. BAD Purchase!!
In spite of what it says here, the manufacturer, when I called them, agreed that this cannot be used if you are an Amazon seller and want to print directly from the Amazon site, even though those labels are 4x6. On top of that, even if it did, it printed a partial print out of each label (cut in half) and I could see that the quality was so poor that it hardly matters--they are so faint that after it hits sunlight for a spell, like on a loading dock, it just is not well seen for the price. Add to that the fact that this is made so that when it prints out a blank page, you can't rewind the spool to use that blank page--it's' just wasted. That is a big design flaw. I see that after I received this Amazon has put a hault on selling this item due to returns. It only makes sense to me that Amazon would create a label make of their own with so many Amazon sellers… there is only a 50/50 shot of the Zebra working on a mac as well. Why? Because Zebra only makes software for a PC so sellers of the Zebra thermal printer have had their own after market software made to sell to mac users. So usually you get some glitch in those. I had to return the Zebra I ordered as well because the software just did not truly work that the seller I ordered from had made. I bought this for work orders, both Amazon orders and my storefront, and it's just not going to work, even after I hired a computer expert to fix it. I did see bad reviews on this before I bought it but it was so mixed--and typically when you have a computer expert in your office, you figure if some are getting it to work, even if you have to pay extra to have it set up right, you'll be fine. No go. I'm not giving up my mac so I will stick with the slower way of labeling. Tape on paper address printouts. Until perhaps Amazon can set up their own thermal printer for Amazon sellers. I'd buy that. If it worked with my mac, If you want it primarily for Amazon sales labels and have a mac, pass on it. The manufacturer agrees.
I replaced a PIXMA IP3000 which was the best printer I have used in years. I had a S450 prior which was also great. Lexmark's and HP's have been way too expensive on ink. The Lexmarks also had inferior print quality and reliability problems to boot. I have run almost a million pages through several printers. I lost my ip3000 in a power outage. I suspect that this triggered a circuit which could be reset or replaced. Tech support was useless. My failing eyesight has prevented me from being able to completely disassemble the old printer. The internal power supply does supply power to the printer, but nothing else works. If someone out there knows how to fix this problem let me know. I still have about 20 cartridges for this printer. I would love to have it working again. For the new ip4700,I was disappointed by the tiny ink cartridges. I also prefer transparent ink tanks. This printer takes much longer to start printing than my precious printers. This is the slowest printer I have used in years. It took several minutes to print 4 pages of text with colored borders, then crashed my computer. It printed on reboot. On a good day even 1 page of text takes several seconds. Also, the default paper source is automatic which looks for the lower tray first and if it is empty it locks up the computer rather than looking at the rear tray which is my preferred paper source as I can see the type of paper being loaded. ADDITIONAL WARNING Do not use the driver CD: download the driver, although that is still giving my computer(WINXP) problems even after 2 driver upgrades. The print quality is no better than my old s450 and ip3000, which were good. I do not normally print photos, but advertising material. I am probably going to return this printer. I am so glad I bought it through Amazon. Update: I have not returned the printer. I needed one. This printer still hangs up after a print job. I have to cancel it manually and that takes several minutes to execute. To print several jobs could take 1/2 hour. I now have found a used ip4500 (more ink for less) and I will sell this ip4700 printer cheap. Next update -1 month later. Still major problems - Finished print jobs will not release printer. It takes typically 1/2 hour to print 4 multiple page jobs in standard res. Constant cleaning cycles caused it to run the magenta and cyan out of ink after 2 pages color and 50 pages of text. Many non-OEM cartridges do not work properly with this printer causing lockups. I do not recommend this printer for anyone. It is now 3 months and a move later. I purchased a used Canon after my experiences with this one. I probably will not buy another new Canon. This one freezes, then will not release the print jobs and prevents any more printing without a reboot. It uses more ink in setting itself than I used in actual printing. One set of cartridges did not even last 100 pages of text and a few pictures. I do not think the non_OEM cartridges are as much a problem as is the software. I am going to purchasing a cheap laser printer for my text jobs. Not as good as previous models, in fact very poor.
I have owned this printer for close to two years now and a few days ago I got a B200 error telling me to contact customer support. I did and they told me there is something wrong with the electronics of the printer or the printer head and that I need to buy a new model or repair it, but the repair will probably cost more than a new printer. I mostly use the printer for scanning and I have printed just a few times since I bought it, this is a home printer with a very light workload, connected to a surge protector, etc. That it broke down so soon means very poor quality. Ink consumption was an issue too, very, very high, but printing quality was amazing so I could live with it. Not anymore as it's not workingThis is my first and last Canon printer I'll ever own, this is completely unacceptable. I'll stick to their cameras which appear to be built by professionals and not by the amateurs that build their printers. For me is back to HP, their printing quality may not be that good and their UIs are subpar, but at least they not break down after light use, all HP printers I owned in the past were donated or recycled to give way to a new product, they never failed on me like this flimsy productDid I mention Canon printers are atrocious? O yes I did Horrible Quality - Stay Away from Canon Printers.
I hate writing bad reviews but some products just warrant them. I received this product along with the binding supplies and, despite going through nearly half of the binding folders, not a single sample has worked. I've tried everything--fewer sheets, fill the thing folders to capacity, bind on a longer setting. Nothing. Sure, the first and last sheet will stick to the folder but the center sheets simply fall out. If I need things bound in the future, I'll be paying the few bucks for the professionals at the office supply store to do it. Take your stuff to a professional.
At first glance the Avery PocketTabs (5. 125 x 6 inches, CD Size) seemed like an interesting idea. A plastic tab that holds CDs, photos and more. On second glance I wondered exactly what would I do with this product. I can put CDs or photos in the plastic tabs. They fit inside nicely. Now what? Should I paste my CDs into an album? Should I paste them on a wall? What can I do with these plastic tabs that I couldn't do with other products? I am sure that given enough time I'll figure it out. Meanwhile I am still waiting for inspiration to strike. Until it does, I am afraid that these Avery PocketTabs will sit in my desk drawer doing little to nothing. The Avery PocketTabs may well be a product solution looking for a problem. Product Looking for A Problem.
I obtainted this product via the Vine Program (sample product is supplied to Vine members at no cost for evaluation)as I thought it would provide a nice storage sleeve for either a CD/DVD or similar flat items. Based upon the description of the package, one would expect that this product could be added to some type of binder (reference is made to being able to tab through them). This simply is not the case, there are no provisions in the holder to be added to any type of binder. Reference is also made to being able to open and close the sleeve easily. That is also not the case. While there is a plastic cutout that can be inserted into th sleeve, it is difficult to use without being able to flex the sleeve (impossible to do if you have anything that take up very much of the sleeve). There are tabs on the top of sleeve (they are all located in the center of the sleeve so forget about easy indexing)so that you could place them loosely into a box. There is also a place on each sleeve where an Avery cover is placed over a sticky surface on the sleeve. The cover is NOT intended to be written upon. Instead, it appears to be there to cover up the sticky surface until you peel it away and then place a special Avery label onto the sticky surface. I have tried finding a use for this product, but have not had any luck! It appears that this product was originally designed for a special purpose that was either scrapped or failed and that the company is looking for some way of salvaging their investments in parts. If you are looking for a CD/DVD sleeve, buy one made specifically for that purpose. If you are looking for a business card holder, there are several good ones out there specifically designed for that purpose. If you want to store pictures, again, there are very good products specifically designed for this purpose. Trying to force this product to do any of those jobs is just a waste of time and money. Questionable storage.
This packet of Avery Pocket Tabs doesn't have any significant qualities that make it stand out in a crowded market that already has various CD/DVD cases for safe storage. These soft plastic cases don't have soft pads inside to protect your CD or DVD and just a tab sticking on the top doesn't make it unique. I much rather use hard plastic cases that provide protection from breakage and scratching on the surface. This is a soft case which makes it unsuitable for CD and DVD. This product has no significant features that make it stand out.
Updated Review:We've been using these in our home with light use by two of our children over the past few months. At least half of them have broken apart at the joint in such a way that they can't be fixed. I would never recommend these, especially in a classroom where they would get heavier use. Original Review:I really like these scissors. They're sharp to cut with (I can't stand the paper only scissors), but blunt so it's safer. I love that they're right or left handed and I love the color assortment. The size is nice too - easy for both kids and adults to use. As others have pointed out the "stand" is just plastic packaging and is basically false advertising. If it didn't say that it included a stand I would have given it five stars. The packaging bows in the middle so half the scissors don't stay upright, and it's so lightweight that it easily falls over. If it didn't say it came with a stand you would literally throw the packaging out and not think anything of it. I agree with another reviewer that the colors looked dirty somehow where they meet the secondary color, but that's cosmetic and relatively minor. Overall they're a solid product. Started breaking.
Although I love the pastel colors, this item is wasteful. Unfortunately, I'll never use the note tabs. A Waste of Postage.
I'm a longtime user of all sizes of post-it notes and flags to mark pages in books. If I want to write on my note, I'll use a yellow note page, and if I just want to mark the page, I'll usually use a flag. I thought I'd give these heavy duty note tabs a try to see what they would be like. I'm not impressed, especially given the cost. They are certainly sturdy, and I was able to write on them easily. I found them more heavy duty than any application I'd consider, and the cheaper post-it note solution is much more cost effective for any use I have for this product. If for some reason you want your sticky notes to last, use these note tabs. Otherwise, there are cheaper and simpler ways to make notes and mark sections of books. Industrial Waste.
Edited:This printer forces you to buy a new color cartridge every 7 to 12 months even if you don't print a single color document - in fact, it runs out faster than the black cartridge I use all the time. Despite the 'lower' ink prices I like HP's cartridges… in fact I just replaced an HP Black one that had lasted 3 years. ----Drawbacks:1. The color scan quality is very poor, especially if the item is a few millimeters off the surface. Dark areas in particular end up with very little clarity. 2. You can not print if either of the cartridges are empty. This is absolutely unforgivable and clear profiteering by Kodak. This alone is nearly enough not to recommend the printer and one of the biggest contributers to the 3 star review. 3. The ink does tend to run out fairly quickly. 4. Fairly loud and noisy on start up. This is a real pain if you like to turn on/off the printer with a surge protector, the extent of the mechanical noises seems unnecessary. Do not buy.
I've tried my best to revive this printer from the dead. I've wasted so much ink and had so many issues that it's simply impossible to begin on what is wrong with this system. I've used Kodak ink, compatible ink and swapped them back and forth to no avail. The system simply will not print or copy as it did when brand new. True, the ink is very inexpensive but with the quality of the system so cheaply made the inexpensive ink is hardly worth the cost of having to buy a new system in less than 2 years. I've run the maintenance, aligned the print heads, changed the ink and still I have no usable printer. What I have is a very large WiFi paperweight that needs to be tossed in the trash if not picked up by Kodak. It's a shame the system went south. For the first year it printed great, had great quality but it slowly started to print erratically, and the crispness faded out as time went on. If someone offers you this printer, even if it's free it's best to avoid the headaches since your print quality will be hit or miss. Kodak used to stand for quality, today - not so much. I'm very disappointed in this system and do not recommend it to anyone. Super Poor Quality.
Well, the service was fast in getting it delivered, but what a pile of scrap metal. Assemble was easy, however, the end result is a chair that is not overly comfortable, but functional for short bursts at a desk. Well, even with "short bursts", the hydraulic pole that holds up the chair keeps collapsing to the lowest position; oh, and might I add it's not even four months. I'm 185 pounds so there's no excuse. Spend a little more and get a chair that works. If this were food, it would be McDonald's. These are the type of things that are tough to return to Amazon… so think long and hard before you decide to go on the cheap with a new desk chair. Spend the Extra - Stay CLEAR of this CHAIR!
After reading hundreds of reviews and waiting for a l-o-n-g time, I finally decided to take the plunge and buy an Ooma system (the Telo). Setup went very smoothly, and the first calls on the first day were great. It's been about two weeks now, and it's been downhill steadily. On day 1, I found out that despite their claims of portability, Ooma could not port my phone number. Moreover, despite their claims of being able to provide a number within my calling area, they couldn't do that either. I settled for a completely "alien" number. I also learned that it is not free service. State taxes on phone service must be paid each month regardless of having the Ooma system, and a great many of the Ooma features are available only with their $10/month Premier service. On day 2, Ooma began sending all my calls to voice mail without giving me a chance to answer. It also cut off the caller, so they were unable to leave a message. I contacted Ooma support; they adjusted the software and had me reboot. Worked okay. On day 3, I began getting complaints from callers about lag time. The voice lags about 3-4 seconds, causing conversations to "step all over each other. " Ooma's response: It's a known problem and we hope users will continue to provide feedback so we can solve it. On day 4, callers began to complain that I always sounded as if I were on a very bad cell phone connection -- interference, dropouts, crackling, static, etc. Ooma's response: Your internet service probably isn't fast enough. Since I have the fastest Internet service available from any ISP, clearly this is not the problem. Ooma then acknowledged that yes, it's possible the problem is theirs; they just like to have everyone check their ISP first. On day 5, extreme echoing was added to the list of call quality complaints. After debating for several days whether the very poor call quality was worth the very low price of using Ooma, today it again started to send all my calls straight to voice mail. Checking the Ooma support forum, I see it's happening to many users all over the country. Obviously, another Ooma software problem. My choice comes down to great phone service with horrific customer support at high cost with the traditional phone company, or horrific phone service with helpful customer support at low cost with Ooma. Since the primary purpose of having the phone at all is to make and receive phone calls reliably, I guess I'll have to opt for the former. I could not be more disappointed about that. Not Good, Not Free, Not Happy.
I just got the OOMA telco headset in the mail yesterday. It was simple to setup and get up and running. Except that less than 12 hours later OOMA made a stupid mistake. The phone number I got from OOMA was being used by someone else. I was able to dial out, but the people that called me at home through my ooma telco. They received a different household. So I decided to call home and got an old Asian lady with broken English. We spoke and found out that she was porting the number to some where else. But OOma gave it to me. So I called OOMA to get this sorted out. First thing they ask me was lets test the device. I tell them its not the device, its your phone system switching and messing up and giving out duplicate number. I mentioned the girl on the phone to give me a new number but she kept on insisting on being in front of my device. I tolled her, your not listening. I am away from my phone right now and work late so by the time i get home you guys are out. She replied, I take it your not in front of your phone. Gsus effin christ! She then tolled me to call back later so I tolled her its ok ill make it easy for you and especially for me. I am returning your product back and getting my money back and begrudgingly keeping Vonage. Buh-Bye. STAY AWAY!!!
If you don't want their "premier" subscription, then watch out. They started me off with 3 free months of premier, then, once that time is expired, started charging me $15 a month, even though I chose the basic subscription level during the setup. The only way to change this is to try calling them, and once I finally got through to them after half a dozen tries, I told them to downgrade me to the normal basic subscription level, to which they said they would. A couple days later, all service to my telo stops. I called them to find out that they completely canceled my service. So now I have to resubscribe and go through this mess all over again. I should have known that something like this would happen once I saw that they wanted to charge you for what is advertised as a "free" phone service. The item title for this amazon page literally says "free home phone service" even though you will still get charged for even the basic service. It's a scam.
First, I need to say that when OOMA works, that the service is good, but the voice quality could be improved. The Premium service is worth the money as it adds a lot of features that other phone companies don't offer. I really like their Internet web site for managing the service. Customer Service is good. However, there are some negative aspects about OOMA Telo that you should know about before you purchase one. 1) The OOMA Telo units are unreliable. The first unit went bad after 10 months of a 12 month warranty. Purchased a new Telo from Frys because they had a sale. It went bad after 10 days. OOMA sent out a replacement unit. It only lasted for 10 days. The OOMA service is good, I can't say that about the hardware. If you are looking for reliable service, OOMA is not it. 2) The OOMA Telo units cannot be repaired. Of course they can be repaired, but OOMA refuses to do it. OOMA makes their money from selling new Telo units. Maybe that is the reason why they are so unreliable. After the 12 month warranty is done, you cannot get the unit repaired. You must purchase a new one. 3) Under warranty, replacement units take 7 to 10 days to receive. How many people can be without a phone for 7 to 10 days? 4) The setup is too complicated for senior citizens. They don't want to be bothered with repairing the phone all of the time. They have had reliable phone service all of their life. Nobody needs these problems. Because of these problems, we are switching back to Time Warner cable. To port the phone number to another phone company, you need to provide this information. Phone Company - OOMAAccount number - Your phone number with OOMAAccount holder nameYour addressYour phone number Problems that OOMA doesn't want you to know about.
I had it for a year. Very good product and it saved me a lot of money since I dropped the land line with ATT. The only issue I have is that sometime it drops the calls. It doesn't happen often, but when it does it can be a little frustrating. Overall I'm very happy with the purchase and if not occasional call drop it would have been solid five star review. Update 7-11-11I downgraded my initial review from 4 stars to 1 star. First unit stopped working after 11 months (it was still under warranty). Second new unit lasted only 5 month before it broke. At that rate of breakage the ooma might not be very economical unless purchase extended warranty. Two new units died within 15 months.
A loud humming sound was present on the Ooma phone line when the Ooma device was located anywhere near my DECT 6. 0 cordless phone base station, and only when a cordless handset was being used. Apparently Ooma is very susceptible to RF interference (might happen if near my WiFi router as well). After reading 5 pages of people complaining about the humming sound on the Ooma forum, I managed to reduce the hum by running a wire from the shield of the Ooma USB connector to house ground. But voice quality still isn't great. I was annoyed that the Ooma has only one phone jack despite advertising support for two lines. A second phone line requires an special Ooma handset (plus the $10/month "Premier" subscription), so it won't work with 2-line phones. I would perhaps suggest using amagicJack Plusfor a second line. There is no backup battery in the Ooma to protect against power loss, so you may want to buy a UPS for both the Ooma and your router, to enable calls when the power is out. After using this for a month, I have noted that many calls do not go through. On some outgoing calls, I get a "busy signal" on the first attempt, when the person I was calling was not on the phone. Sometimes people that try to call me get a "cannot take your call right now" message on incoming calls (when I'm not on the phone). So far the call has always worked on the second attempt, but me and my callers really shouldn't need to try multiple times. Got this at Costco for a good price and the unlimited return policy. Loud humming/buzzing sound & failed calls.
These aren't index cards really. Not made of card stock. These are the exact same thickness as those anoying magazine subscription card paper mailers that fall out of magazines. Nothing but flex. Couldn't scoop up a penny off your desk with one as it would not hold the weight. Some Of The Worst.
I have been searching for REAL index cards for over a year now. I don't think anyone makes them anymore. These are cheap, flimsy, slightly thick paper. You can get the same quality at walmart or any other merchant. Why companies don't make actual index CARDS anymore is beyond me. These certainly aren't what I was hoping for. I will not be purchasing them again. Disappointed.
I bought this scanner, based on all the positive reviews, because I wanted better quality slide and negative scanning than my old Canon. Unfortunately, I didn't get far enough to check that out. My first problem involved scanning documents. I found that the machine was cropping the document to the very edge of the text and sometimes cropping out the text. I went online to Epson's tech support page to get the tech support phone number. Turns out that tech support is not a toll free number. STRIKE ONE. I called tech support and got some foreign dimwit who, every time I asked a question, said "hold on" and went away for a few minutes. After that happened a few times I hung up. STRIKE TWO. Then I went on a scanner forum and posted my question. I got an almost immediate response and the problem was solved. Next issue that arose was when I was scanning multiple photos. The user guide says keep them an inch apart. I did but they kept coming out as one image until I put only two photos on the scanner. My old Canon would separate a lot more than two photos but not really a deal breaker. Then I had the idea to scan my collection of business cards, hoping that I could put several on the scanner at once and have them separated into multiple jpeg's instead of scanning them one at a time. Didn't happen. They all came out as one document no matter what mode I was in. STRIKE THREE. YER OUT, EPSON. After getting my return label and dropping it off at UPS I hooked my old Canon back up, put 8 cards on the scanner and got 8 separate jpegs. I profusely apologized to my Canon and we have reconciled. PS: Canon has toll free tech support. I sent it back.
I know this isn't meant for hard core duty, but it still feels pretty cheap. a 2 year old could probably pick the lock. Mine came damaged, the corner was bent in one the left side, so it doesn't shut all the way, but I was outside the return time frame, so I just get to deal with this piece of junk. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money for something a little more quality. cheap.
I'm a third-year law student, which pretty much means I'm an expert on highlighters. These are not good for highlighting. It's difficult to explain, but the tip is very solid and stiff and is difficult to actually use to highlight. I also don't like how much effort it takes to click the tip out. It's not effortless like a bic pen, which is annoying if you need to do it a lot (like when reading a long document). I much prefer other Sharpie highlighters that have caps instead of the retractable style. Doesn't highlight well.
These don't last very long at all and the printer shows that all the color cartridges are 3/4 full. This is the second time this has happened with the Lexmark 100 color ink cartridge tri-pack.. I don't have these issues with the black ink cartridges. I know this because I refill them all at the same time. The black is still working now. However, there is no color output whatsoever, when I try to print in color. I would rather buy a new printer, from a different manufacturer, than invest in one more set of these color cartridges from Lexmark. Wore out in less than 5 months printing with grayscale only.
Why just one star? Well, it's nothing to do with the quality of the printer. Nor is it to do with the quality of the ink. Heck, it doesn't even have to do with the expensive price tag. So why one star? Because although there is still about 75% left in the main black in cartridge and my printer is configured for "Use black ink only", once the printer got low/empty on the 3 colored inks, the printer wouldn't lay another drop of ink until they were replaced. I thought this was a trick only HP used, but I guess I was wrong. Seems like deceptive business practices to me. Yet another ink scam.
Firstly I need to say that I'm a bit of a binder guru. I love them for everything. I'm in college, so naturally I use them for my classes, but I also have to do many power point presentations for both my job and many of my classes. I always take in a binder that is specifically designed for that presentation, which I would guess is what this binder could be best used for. It has slots for discs, letters, and a clip board - but so what? Any binder could provide those things, and the "snap in" locking system is just annoying, not particularly helpful at all. Additionally, it is CHEAP. They must have used the absolute cheapest materials to produce this, because it felt like the plastic was going to snap off just as I was sliding all the folders in. I wouldn't spend $5 on this, much less $30. It provides no form of convenience and looks cheap and unprofessional. Stay away! Embarrassing excuse for a binder.
Really nothing positive to say about these pens. The ink does not flow smoothly off the pens, but rather sticks and scratches across the paper. It's difficult to get the things writing - you have to do those scratching circles on paper to get them "charged up" - and even after they start, they often stop. Totally frustrating, like trying to drive a car that is falling apart piece by piece and just wants you to let it rest in peace. I gave these to my daughter and she got all excited about making some fun drawings with all the different colors - ten minutes after beginning her project, she said, "Dad, these pens are no good," and got interested in something else. Not Good.
Don't buy this if you plan to keep it longer than a year and a half. I took very good care of it and used it rarely. It suddenly stopped working. This is a very cheap product. Lifespan of 1 year 6 months under light use.
Although the shredder seemed to be packed securely, there was a crack in the container that holds the paper. There were plastic fragments but none were completely cut out. Still, not impressive out of the box. The shredder comes in 3 pieces. The shred mechanism, the holder and a smaller holder that fits inside the larger to collect scraps from DVDs. The DVD shred holder is a nice touch for those of us who are going to recycle the shredded paper. There is also a plastic guard that keeps the shredded paper from escaping the holder. This is attached to the shredder itself. I agree that this is top heavy, as most shredders are. The collection container is short, the taller the container, the more top heavy this would be. At least it was designed right to avoid topples. I had the shredder on the automatic setting and shred for about 5 minutes. Placed 5 sheets in and it bogged down and jammed the shredder. Cleaned out the fragments and the shredder would no longer work. The motor was extremely hot. I let it cool down but the shredder would no longer function. There was also an odor while I was testing this out. It smelled like a new blender does when being used for the first time. A bit annoying but nothing unusual. I do recommend using the paper shredder portion for credit cards. The DVD portion leaves the pieces too large. Overall, I'm not pleased considering that it was damaged out of the box and broke after 5 minutes of light use. Not a fan and I would not purchase or recommend this item. Overheats easily- no longer worked after 5 minutes.
Looks so much bigger then it actually is when it arrived. I was not happy and was going to return it, but amazon told me just to keep it. I gave it away to someone that needed one since it did not meet my needs. Thanks Amazon Small.
I wanted this product to work. My printer was producing lines up and down the sides of each sheet. My best guess was that the rollers were dirty. These sheets are "tacky" on one side. In truth, they aren't very sticky. Each sheet has about a 1. 5" margin around the sticky portion. When I pulled the backing off, I was disappointed that the sticky part didn't extend to the edge of the sheets. Anyway, I followed the instructions and put the sheet, sticky side up, in my printer's paper tray. I ran the printer and… the sheet crumpled and got stuck right where the paper makes its turn to come out of the top of the printer. So, it hit about half the rollers. I had to nearly take the whole printer apart to get the sheet out. In desperation, I tried opening the back of the printer and sending the sheets straight through the bottom half of the printer. This worked. Unfortunately, it just produced a sheet with the same lines and no cleaning effect. I repeated this with four more sheets. No success. I consider this purchase a TOTAL WASTER OF MONEY. The design of the sheet begs for failure for several reasons - the sticky isn't spread to the edges of the sheet and the sticky causes the sheet to jam in the printer. I know you want those blemishes cleaned from your printed pages but THIS WON'T WORK. I don't know what alternative I will try next but it might involve a professional repair. SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR THAT. Good luck! High hopes but TERRIBLE result.
I have an MX860 Canon printer. I purchased these cartridges as a cheaper alternative to the expensive Canon cartridges. Even though the packaging states these cartridges are compatible with the MX860 these cartridges did not fit my MX860 printer, they didn't even come close to fitting it. If you have the MX860 Canon printer stick with the Canon cartridges, buying these would just be a waste of time and money. These cartridges do not fit the MX860 Canon printer!!!
I give this 1-star because the chair is too small to fit the majority of adults (and not documented as such). Plus it has poor adjustability and _no_ instructions on adjusting. I am 5'10" tall and this chair was much too small for me. I have had a number of visitors try it and the results are that a 5'0" woman loves it, but it is on the borderline for women 5'5"-5'6" which I assume results of different proportions (legs, contours of back). All the men who tried it were 5'7" or taller and found it to be too small. You might check this range against the other reviews here, but at the time I last scanned other reviews, 5'5" was the tallest I saw for someone who liked the chair. The chair comes with absolutely _no_ instructions for adjusting the chair. Some adjustments are obvious, some not. The mechanism for adjusting the chair's height is the conventional lever and works well. The levers for adjusting the arm rests are easy enough to find and operate. Adjusting the seat back-----------------------With experimentation, I determined that the seat back adjustment was a ratcheting system with 6 positions. Should you raise the back above that sixth position, you need to return it all the way to the bottom and start again. When I first got the chair, getting the mechanism to engage was not easy. Many times it took some jiggling and other fine movements to engage. And sometimes, I just wasn't able to get it to engage, and had to start over from the bottom. However, as I asked visitors to try the chair to see who it might fit, the ratcheting mechanism got broken in, and adjustment became much easier: The positions were much easier to feel and hear (the clicks went from muted to loud). My estimate is that the break-in involved cycling the back dozens of times. There was a related problem of the chair back staying in place. When I first got the chair, the slightest disturbance could cause it to drop to the bottom, for example, leaning forward or bumping it while walking by. However, the broken-in mechanism is much more robust in holding its position. On lack of instructions: During the early period, the only visitors that could figure out how to adjust the back were fellow engineers. For other people, the clues were too ambiguous for them to do the repetitions needed to get the back to stay in place. Tilt Adjustment---------------There is a knob under that chair that has left multiple other reviewers here perplexed. As best I can determine, it provides a _slight_ adjustment in the tilt of the seat. 1. Experimenting with the chair upside-down, I can see a slight movement. However, with someone sitting in the chair, she couldn't sense any change. 2. The observed change occurred only during a tiny portion of the time I was turning the knob -- most of the time there seemed to be nothing happening. 3. I was unable to adjust the chair while sitting in it. While I could just reach the knob, I couldn't get enough of a grip to effectively turn the knob. The 5'0" woman who liked the chair was unable to even reach it. If you are going to try this adjustment, you may have to have a friend lay on the floor and reach up to do the necessary turning. One other reviewer speculated that this knob adjusted the firmness of the seat, but my examination of the mechanism didn't find anything that would allow such. Other reviewers here stated that the height adjustment lever would also allow unlock the mechanism and allow you to tilt the chair back. I was unable to get their description to work, nor see the any part of the mechanism that would allow such. Consequently, I suspect that there are several slightly different mechanisms being shipped under the model number (a single reviewer reported an additional lever that allowed forward/back adjustment of the seat pan). Other details-------------1. The seat pan does not adjust. For 5'10" me, this leaves my legs feeling unsupported, like on a bar stool. There is a 6-inch gap between the front of the seat pan and the back of my calves. 2. The seat back does not adjust up enough to come even faintly close to matching the contour of _my_ back. My 5'0" visitor found the 2nd or 3rd position (of 6) to be good for her. 3. The arm rests are hard plastic with a concave contour, but you cannot adjust the angle. The contour presumes that you rest your arms straight forward rather than angling in. If you do the latter -- as most people do -- your arms will be uncomfortably on the ridge of that contour. Even if this wasn't a problem, the arm rests may be mounted too far back to be supportive -- for me, half was behind my elbows. Most of the chair models I see have padded _convex_ armrests which provide comfort at many angles. The advantage of a concave contour is that it helps keep your arm on the rest, but for me that has never been an issue. 4. A petite person using this chair might find the arm rests too wide. The narrowest setting is 16-inches between the insides of the rests, a distance which was appropriate for me. 5. The one positive was that the chair assembled quickly and easily. For this, there was an instruction sheet: It told you to do the obvious -- take the large red cap off the shaft before inserting it into the obvious hole that it obviously wouldn't fit into if the cap were still on. 6. The shipping box says that it is to moved by two people, and it makes no accommodation to having to be handled by a lone person, such as the driver of a delivery truck or the person receiving it. The handholds common on similar large format boxes are not present, but since this is a Vine item, this may be the preliminary packaging and the production version may be better. Note: If you are small enough to fit in this chair, you are likely too small to be able to move this container by yourself. The packing of the components inside the box seemed adequate to protect them from the usual mishaps during shipping. In response of the obvious question about why write this much about a chair that is too small for me: My participation in the Vine program obligates me to write reviews of the products I receive. -- Douglas B. Moran Does not fit normal range of people: for short people only; Difficult adjustments & missing instructions.
The Vtech base unit comes with a handset that has a port for a standard 2. 5mm jack and comes with an attachable belt clip, both of which I have used on a daily basis with my old Uniden handsets. These new models do not have the 2. 5mm jack and do not have Bluetooth so a headset cannot be used with them. There is also no belt clip which the Vtech folks must figure with no headset no need for a belt clip, if someone's hands are not free they can always walk around with the handset in their mouth. Vtech saved 5 cents by deleting these two capabilities and it was a dumb thing to do. At least with my cordless drills I can spend the money to special order a belt clip but in this case Vtech has not even provided the same case to permit attaching a belt clip which is an even dumber design decision as it means they have to have two different case molds to make two different case bottoms and have two different parts to schedule and inventory. Dumb all the way around. No provision for using a headset or belt clip.
I wrote the same review for the black ink because it's the same horrid product. I wouldn't mind the huge mess it makes if it actually did what it said it was supposed to do. After about a half hour refilling all my ink cartridges my ink levels still read low but more importantly the printing is all jacked up, faded, lines through the stuff I'm printing and big black spots of ink where it looks like the ink cartridges went crazy. I'd avoid this at all costs and more importantly to avoid the headache just buy the refills because this product is a waste of time and money. Absolute Junk x3.
This printer was designed for one purpose and one purpose only: to sell ridiculously overpriced ink. Wait till you see how tiny the ink reservoirs are, and how often the low-ink warning comes on for each of the five cartridges. It's not as though Canon could not have squeezed a larger cartridge with a few more stinking milliters of ink into this 25-pound behemoth. Ink scam, pure and simple.
Got an error on startup "6000" - had to call tech support because there's no troubleshooting guide included to decode the error number. Machine was detecting packing material that hadn't been removed (it HAD all been removed). Cannon would have replaced it but they're "currently out of stock in this model. "Just returned an HP with a fake paper jam error. Does ANYONE make a printer that actually works? Out of the box error.
Not only does this printer not print borderless photos as claimed, it won't even print a photo on a single page unless it is manually sized to fit within the same printable area required by any printer, which is about 1/8-1/4 inch from each side. I am using Canon's print driver, and the exact photo paper name listed by their driver. I have borderless printing selected, photo printing mode selected, and my photo is 4x6 inches. And yet when I print with the settings as per the instructions, it prints 1/4 of the image on each of 4 sheets of paper as if I want to try to cut them out and tape them together. The only way to get it printed on a single sheet is to crop it to 3. 5x5. 5, or tell it to shrink to fit. Absolutely does NOT print "borderless" photos.
PLEASE do yourself a favor and do not buy this printer. I have had 4 for my home and my offices and this is NOT worth the effort to shlep it from the car to the desk. Sucks is all I can say… Issue after Issue, Error after Error.
I WAS TRULY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS ITEM. BEING OF SHORT STATURE, I HARDLY EVER FIND A CHAIR WHERE I CAN SIT WITH MY FEET FLAT ON THE GROUND SO I THOUGHT THIS WOULD COMPLETELY CHANGE THAT PROBLEM. WRONG! IT'S ACTUALLY UNCOMFORTABLE TRYING TO UTILIZE THIS FOOT ROCKER. MY BACK EVEN STARTED TO HURT AFTER JUST A SHORT TIME OF USE. MAYBE IT WAS A MISCONCEPTION ON MY PART BUT THIS ITEM DID NOT MAKE SITTING AT MY COMPUTER ANY MORE COMFORTABLE… RATHER WORSE. I'LL TRY IT A FEW MORE TIMES SINCE THE IDEA OF IT IS GREAT BUT I SUSPECT I'LL JUST END UP RECYCLING IT. IT MIGHT BE JUST ME BUT I CERTAINLY CAN NOT RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE. DISAPPOINTING!
While it was easy for me to figure out how to put this together, I can't use it. Regarding putting it together, you just have to bang the sides in place or put your weight on it hard. The reason I don't like this foot rocker is the two sides prevent me from using it unless my feet are together parallel AT ALL TIMES. I have two other foot rockers that are purely flat on top, so you can manuever your feet around a lot. The edges make me have to keep my feet inside. I can't stand to be so confined. You don't want this one even if it's a lot cheaper than alternatives. Get one without those terrible ridges on the sides and one that is wider. It's not natural to sit with one's feet tightly together for a prolonged period. Major design flaw prevents comfort.
First of all what should have been a simple build was a pain. There is litterally 5 pieces to this thing and I still have not figured out how to put the leg covers on. Due to this fact, the legs frequently come off. Secondly, I just honestly see nothing special about this thing. It doesn't really offer anymore comfort and the thing is poorly made. I hate it. Lastly, just dont buy it. There are plenty of better foot rests out there I'm sure. major disappointment.
Ay Carumba! I have -never- had any difficulty putting things together. I've assembled many rooms of IKEA furniture, built a playroom with the husband, and installed the bathroom fixtures alone. I never, ever thought I'd be unable to assemble a little rocking thing with five pieces! Geez, my kid's playhouse was easier to assemble, and everyone knows how fun it is to put together kids' toys! It's too bad, because I was very excited about this gizmo, because there is no one who has more excess energy than I do, and I'd have liked to burn it off in a way that would give me a little exercise. Keep me off the treadmill for a few minutes a day or something. But since the item is sitting here in pieces, and the only instructions are rough pictograph on the back of the box, I doubt I'm going to get any further. The pieces appear warped, and don't line up at all. So, unless you are amazing about putting things together without instructions that don't fit together, I'm going to have to advise you skip this one. Godzilla Would Have Trouble Putting This Together!
I was seduced by this product by two elements. Firstly I have lower back from two auto accidents and am always look for a way to correct my posture from head all the way to my toes in order to ameliorate this issue. Secondly I have a desk job so I felt this product would aid me to relieve pressure in my legs, keep my circulation going and aid in addressing element number one, my back. Well I have to say this is one of the biggest piece of garbage I have ever used. This unit is only five pieces, five pieces, FIVE and it is next to impossible to assemble. I put a treadmill together that was like seven hundred pieces and it was easier than this thing. I was able to slide the wheels on the board, but wasn't able to snap roller rocks in place. I did everything, I flipped the wheels, switched the wheels, put the roller rocks on first, put the roller rocks on last and this was after I read the short but "claimed" simple instructions. I even had two other people take a crack at it, they had no luck either. So I figured whatever this product could be used without the locks. I was half right on this former statement. After about fifteen minutes of use the wheels become loose and fall off, lovely. I did manage to use this product despite the handicap and really didn't find any improvement in my leg circulation or back pain. Perhaps my unit was a lemon, I don't know but I would not recommend this product. There are plenty other ergonomic products out there that have to be better than this drivel. How many ways can you say piece of crap?
This sharpener does not sharpen well. The point you will get is not what this product is supposedly designed to deliver with its "titanium blades" I have had better results with an old fashion sharpener! If you want to get a decent point in your pencils you have to apply way too much force. Unfortunately, this leads to the sharpener to stop, forcing you to take the pencil out and reinsert it again to resume sharpening. Not convenient at all. The design looks very nice but the performance is far from acceptable. Just Cheap.
Looks nice but sadly it just doesn't sharpen very well. While I knew it was electric when I got the item, it simply added one more plug in item I didn't need on my desk. Have a $10 battery operated sharpener that does a great job, so this new sharpener for shy $30 is not worth the price. Not worth the big price.
I've always used hand sharpeners so wanted to try an electric one. You put the pencil in the hole in the top of the sharpener and then push down lightly while keeping the pencil from moving. I used this to sharpen 3 new pencils and a pencil that the tip was broken off of. This sharpener is supposed to automatically turn off when the tip is sharpened. I'm not sure how it decided that. All 3 of the new pencils stopped sharpening when the graphite wasn't even showing yet. I had to apply more pressure to get it to start again and had to do this about 3 more times to finally get the graphite exposed. None of them were sharpened evenly. There was more graphite showing on one side and little on another but I couldn't get it to sharpen anymore so had to use the hand sharpener. The pencil with the tip broken off sharpened with less attempts than the new ones but stopped short of having a pointed tip. I had to finish that one with the manual sharpener as well. Doesn't make any sense to have if you have to use the manual one to finish the job. There is a ring at the top of the device that you turn to open and shake out the shavings. There were a lot of shavings stuck to the blades that have to be removed with a cloth. It is hard to get all the shavings off due to the positioning of the blades in the device. All in all, the manual sharpener I have works much better and is much easier to clean. Doesn't work as it should.
Absolute disappointment. The unit itself is nice & sleek looking, but I inserted an unsharpened pencil, it took a fewrotations, then died, just mere minutes out of the box. I keep trying it to use it every once in a while, and still, dead, almost 1 month later. Didn't even get to sharpen a pencil.
I have finally achieved the exalted state of Yuppiedom with my sleek, streamlined iPoint (elegant) Electric pencil sharpener. When I first compared this space-aged capsule to my old pencil sharpener with a handle that tuned and that I attached to a wall, or the small multicolored plastic ones that could fit in the palm of my hand, I shivered with delight. And then I plugged it in and stuck a dull pencil in the hole. It felt tingly when I bore down as the pencil turned slowly in my hand. It was only after I examined the still dull pencil point that I realized I was supposed to hold the pencil firmly, and not let it turn. (Duh me. I'm new to such yuppie devices. )This time I held the pencil fast and let the ultra new iPoint Evolution blades rotate around the pencil, and waited for the sharpener to stop automatically when it had done its job. But it didn't. It did half a job. It did not remove the wood from one side of the pencil. I tried again. The same thing happened. I blamed the pencil for some inherent invisible defect. I tried with another. The same thing happened. I rooted around for my old 10 cent sharpener and finished the job. The old fashioned way. The way that wasn't yuppie, but the way that worked. Yuppie Pencil Sharpener.
As a teacher, I am constantly in need of sharpened pencils so being able to review the Westcott iPoint Evolution Electric Pencil Sharpener was a dream come true. The sharpener is designed ergonomically and takes up very little room. It is designed for the pencil to be sharpened from the top instead of the side and HAD the pencil sharpener had enough power to sharpen a pencil, things would have been different with this review. That said, it took FOREVER to sharpen a pencil. Sharpening colored pencils was non existent almost and after ten pencils, both colored and regular, the sharpener overheated. It then took more than an hour to work again. So, to me, this sharpener is a waste of money. Natalie S. for Amazon Vine Not impressed.
I was excited to try this sharpener out because I know the teachers at my children's school need good pencil sharpeners all the time. I decided to compare it to the old school, classic 1980s era sharpener that I found at a thrift store. The classic one I have never breaks, never jams, and always gives me good performance. The selling points according to the package are "Titanium bonded blades", "auto sensor shut-off", "striking vertical design", and "ez-view reservoir". I don't actually care for the auto sensor shut off and really don't care about a striking vertical design. I sharpened 8 pencils with each sharpener. The iPoint Evolution sharpener took an average of 5 seconds to sharpen each pencil. The old school classic sharpener took an average of 3 seconds. The one thing that really concerned me about the iPoint Evolution sharpener was that it sharpens pencils at a steeper angle than the old one, so sometimes the wood around the lead interferes with lead access. The old school classic has a more shallow angle, so the sharpened edge is almost a centimeter longer from beginning of sharpened area to the pencil point. This means that rarely do you have issues with wood interfering with the lead. I assume the shorter point is cheaper to manufacture. Bottom line:Don't buy this sharpener- look at a thrift store for a really good old one, with the fake wood sticker look on the outside. If you must buy a new sharpener, this one will be ok but not great. Frustrations will be involved. EDIT: After three weeks in a first grade classroom, this pencil sharpener no longer works. Inferior to Classic Sharpeners.
Threw away on first use. The eraser doesn't work as well as others we have, after multiple passes the ink was still present. We finished up with our own eraser and sprayed the cleaner on the board. Immediately my younger child, who has asthma, began wheezing badly. We had to take her outside of the house because she could not remain inside without convulsive coughing. The smell of the cleaner also bothered my spouse. We bagged up the cleaner and soft cloth we'd been using and aired out the house. While the markers have a good color and the odor is tolerable, the cleaner was completely useless for us. If you have anyone with breathing issues in the home I would avoid this product. Triggers Asthma!!
POST-it Pop-up Note with dispenser is poorly engineered. Every time I went to pull one out, I'd get two or three and sometimes more. Not worth the aggravation. Totally Disappointed.
I got this thinking the post-its would somehow be easy to get out of the dispenser, or that I could write on them while attached to the dispenser, then pull it free. Nope. They are connected and they come out the side, which is inconvenient enough, but they are really hard to separate. I've put this aside and am no longer using it - too much hassle. Too hard to get post-its free of dispenser.
The Post-it Pop-up Notes Dispenser, 3 x 3 Inch, sticky notes dispenser is a great idea. Grand idea actually. But there is one flaw. Unless you stick it to a wall, drawer, desk, file cabinet, chalkboard, etc, the dispenser falls over and then it becomes not an easy to use office tool, but one that you have to keep fixing. Also, the spot for ink pens is too short and they fall over and out of the spot very easily. I was completely disapointed in this notes dispenser and I really wanted to like it. I also wasn't fond of the colors. Ink written on royal blue and hot pink is hard to read t the best of times and so I would love for the notes that come with this dispenser to come in either yellow or white. Natalie S. for Amazon Vine Not as sturdy or as easy to use as they say.
The only reason I am giving this a low rating is that Kodak was terrible when the ink leaked. I had bought this ink for quite a while and never had any problems before. The company said that I needed a new print head which should be bought every couple of years. After this incident I switched to a Brother and have had absolutely no complaints. The ink leaked and the company was awful to deal with.
I replaced my empty cartridge with the Kodak 10XL Cartridge (Black). After printing out 80 sheets of paper one night, I already received the "low ink" warning. Mind you, these were 80 sheets of double space writing, no pictures- just papers for my college students. I was so disappointed! I had another one from the order, so I thought maybe that was just a bad cartridge. I gave the next cartridge a shot, and the same thing happened. HOW?? In the past 2. 5 weeks, I am now on my 3rd cartridge… and on average, I print 100 (usually less) pages a week. I'm in the process of finding a much more efficient and cost-worthy ink cartridge. If anyone has suggestions, thank you! UPDATE:There's definitely something wrong with this product. As soon as I replaced the previous cartridge, the next one showed at half percentage. I thought it was an error in the monitor of the printer, so I went ahead and used it. It printed 21 pages. Literally. For kicks, I replaced it again with the last one I had. I just put it in tonight and tried to print. It printed as if the ink had run out a long time ago. It showed 0% black ink for a brand new, freshly installed ink cartridge. Returning as many as I still can (2) and steering away from this brand. It seems that others are having similar issues with this product. Very short life span.
These are listed as Kodak ink, but the ones I received are after market, and are marked Kodak compatible. I have not tried them yet, but due to the price I do intend to keep them,. The 1 star is due to false advertising. Be ware.
NOBODY GIVES ME THE INFORMATION--- DOES THIS ORDER OF NUMBER 10 KIDAK INK TANKS ALSO HAVE THE BLACK INK TANK--- ALL NUMBER 10 PACKAGES OF KODAK COLOR INK TANKS HAVE THE BLACK INK TANK ALWAYS---- SEEMS LIKE IV BEEN FOOLED--- I CAN READ---I CALLED A LEADING COMPANY IN ALL OFFICE SUPPLYS PRINTERS ALL NEEDS ALL---THEY TOLD ME THE ONTANK PACKAGE NUMBER 10 MEANS ALL TANKS NOT ONLY NEW KODAKINK TANK I HAVE THE KODAK-- NEW MODEL---TAKES # 10 INK TANK THAT I BUY--WHEN I CAN GET TO THE STORE OR IN PAST I ODERED THEM FROM AMAZON-. COM I SAW THE PRICE ON THIS ORDER AND IR SEEMED LIKE IT WAS COMPLEATE---------# 10 SERIES I E MAILED HALF DOZEN TIMES WITH NO RELPY---THANKS IM NOT ORDERING THIS AGAIN---FOOLED AGAINE. KLEINfhan345@rcn. com mis leadeing.
These are listed as Kodak ink, but the ones I received are after market, and are marked Kodak compatible. I have not tried them yet, but due to the price I do intend to keep them, but the 1 star is due to false advertising. Be warned.
(I went thru 2 of these scanners before i gave up & returned them… )Like many people who purchased this scanner, I have several boxes of old family photos I want to scan - but I don't want to spend weeks doing so on a flat bed scanner, one at a time. The scanner seemed ideal and the reviews were good. You don't have to connect the scanner to a computer (unless you want to). You can put an SD card into the scanner and just plug it in & start feeding photos into the scanner. Awesome! It scans pretty fast - about 20 seconds to scan & save the photo. You can scan at 600dpi and it just auto saves to the sd card. Once you have a lot of photos scanned, you load the sd card onto your computer and do what you will with the scans. The perfect scanner for my needs. Except for the large white lines, through all the photos. Nearly every single photo I scanned had one or more (usually more) long white vertical lines running thru the resulting scans. I tried cleaning the scanner with the little brush, I ran the calibration strip thru the scanner, I dusted off each photo before scanning, I tried using the little plastic insert to hold my photos. I called pandigitial support - they said it was dust being trapped on the scan head. I told them I was dusting my photos off and most of them were very clean & had no visible dust. They offered no solution. No dice, still half or more photos had white lines, basically ruining the scans. I researched and found this is a very very common problem with this scanner. I am surprised more people haven't run into this problem - or maybe they are more forgiving? I was tempted to just "let it slide" I mean after all, this scanner is a HUGE time saver. But if the resulting scans are marred with long lines that show up when printing or viewing - what's the point? If you are going to spend $$ on this scanner, which isn't cheap, and take the time to organize and scan your family photos - why not do it right? After the first scanner had the white lines, I returned it to Amazon and bought a second, same make & model. Same white lines. Either I got 2 bad scanners in a row or this is just a problem with this scanner. I have since ordered a Canon flatbed scanner from Amazon that is supposed to have some fairly automatic scanning software. I know it won't be anywhere as fast as the pandigital, but I am hoping I won't be sacrificing quality for speed. A flawed product… only buy if you have low expectations, white lines thru all scans.
Failed a few months after purchase. Mailed it in for repair under warranty as instructed over a month ago, no indication of when I can expect it back or if it will be repaired and returned. I had to pay for shipping. Buyer Beware.
I bought this set two months ago specifically because it had a headset jack on the handset. Until yesterday I would have given it 5 stars. Yesterday, the phone rang and rang and rang. I have the phone set to 2 rings so my announce plays quickly and then I listen to see who's calling me. Yesterday, the phone kept ringing without playing the announcement or connecting with the caller. It rang about 10 times I suppose and then shut off. This morning I checked my settings and it was still set at 2 rings. I called from my cell phone, same thing, kept ringing till it shut off. I disconnected the power per the manual, reconnected, same thing. I called Panasonic tech support and, after being on hold listening to music for 15 minutes, gave up and took the phone back to Sam's Club where I got a full refund. That's it for Panasonic as far as I'm concerned. Malfunction in 2 months.
Absolutely terrible sound quality. People say that I sound OK, but every call that I have made over the course of two days has been very unsatisfactory. Took me three calls to Panasonic and lengthy waits before I was able to get to a technician. I will not be buying another Panasonic phone. Returning this one immediately.
I bought this phone to be compatible with my other panasonic phone, itt registered numbers but it would not hold a charge so it is of no use to me didn't like it.
When I bought this phone I needed it for work and home use, I didn't have it 3 months and the recorder quit working,leaving me without a message phone terrible.
I have been a customer of HP for many years. Purchased several models of HP printers for my businesses and home. Always been very satisfied with the quality and value of their products until this purchase of HP Officejet 4500 All-in-One. Problems with printing, scanning and copying. Very erratic response to "Print" command, stops after one or two pages and often in mid-page. Scanning is even worse, scans halfway and often simply goes blank. Copying is very haphazard, sometimes it responds to "Copy" command but often simply whirrs and rumbles then nothing!!! Technical support is a joke! It is indubitably and undoubtedly the very worst printer that I have ever purchased. This is not the expected HP quality, it is junk and that is exactly what I did with it… dumped it in the junk! Don't waste your money.
My late husband ordered this and could not get it to work after set up--even after calling the HP tech line. He returned it and ordered the Cannon, which I did not like, so I gave it away after he died. Did not meet my needs.
I bought this all in one HP Officejet for my son and his wife for Christmas and from day one it had issues. The printer finally bit the dust yesterday and I have to return it to Amazon. Very unfortunate as now I have to order another three in one but it won't be an HP printer. I have two printers of my own and I have not had issues with them but I won't chance another HP printer if there are going to be issues like this with a brand new printer. Numerous phone calls to HP help desk did not help as they finally said they didn't know what was wrong with the printer. Loss of connectivity, drives being uninstalled, paper jams, etc. is just a few of the problems with this printer. Very poor device!
I have owned several printers. This is the worst technology experience that I have ever had with a printer. There are so many problems that I encounter EVERY TIME I attempt to use this printer that I wouldn't know where to begin. I have spent (wasted) so much of my time trying to resolve the issues on the company website that I don't think I will ever purchase a HP printer again… EVER. So here are the highlight: 1) The printer doesn't know when it has paper (to print on) in the tray. 2) The wireless printing is unreliable. 3) the cheap plastic try broke within the first three days. RUN AWAY!
DOESN'T FIT THE MP-830:Well, I don't like to give negative reviews, but I would actually give this 0 stars if I could because the ink cartridges do not fit the MP-830 as advertised in the product title and listing (at the time of this review). For the most part, I have ordered compatible inks through Amazon that fit properly, but this one just doesn't fit. RESTOCKING FEES:Also, I was charged restocking fees. Since the product information is incorrect, it seems unreasonable to charge the customer restocking fees for the seller's error. WILL THIS WORK WITH YOUR PRINTER:From my experience, I found that using the Amazon test "Will this work with you printer" is a better indication of compatibility instead of the listing details. I trusted the listing details, but in fact, this ink cartridge does not pass the test. Here is the link for one set of compatible inks that work perfectly with the Canon Pixma MP-830:Canon PGI-5BK CLI-8 15-Pack 3/3/3/3/3 Compatible Ink Cartridges w/ Chip for Pixma MP500 MP530 MP600 MP800 iP4200 iP4300 iP4500 iP5200 iP5200PROS:- NoneCONS:- Doesn't fit the MP-830 / MP830 as advertised- Paid restocking fees even if the product doesn't fitTIP:- Take the test "Will this work with you printer" located in the top portion of the Amazon product page Not compatible with the MP-830 / MP830. Best to take the test "Will this work with you printer".
Too lightweight. Not useful in an office. If you get one, you need to get a second, so you have a pair. As soon as my four-year-old saw the shoe, she said it was a ruby slipper. For kids, maybe.
Pros:1. Sticks to the desk (sort of). Maybe family members and colleagues would be less likely to walk off with it. 2. Only a small piece comes out at a time. Maybe this would stop kids from using up half a roll. Cons:1. It slides around the desk. People could still take it if they want. 2. The package actually says the rubber grip might "leave a temporary mark on some high gloss wood finishes. " Who needs that?? 3. It's flat. The chance of me covering this with paper on my cluttered, thus "losing" it, is about 100 percent. 4. It's about the size of an english muffin. I don't have tons of clear desk space (see above! ), so it's just not helpful to me. 5. I had a hard time refilling it. Someone with arthritis or other dexterity issues will struggle. Depending on how much you use, 75 pieces probably won't last very long. Bottom line: I am going to stick with the "old fashioned" tape dispensers. The standard black office dispenser is easier to find on my desk, and the smaller ones are easier to stick in a drawer (and hide from family members and coworkers). What can it do for me? Nothing: There's really no gap that this product can fill. A Gimmicky Gadget You Don't Gotta Get.
I suppose the idea is that you have this gizmo stuck down on your desk, and when you want a short strip of sticky tape you just pull one out. I loaded the smallish stack of tapes into the device with the fist one sticking up. I pulled it off -- fine. But the next tape did not appear in the slot, and I found it very difficult to dismantle the device to correct the problem. So difficult in fact that I gave up. I have no problem getting strips of Scotch tape from the old, standard dispenser and will happily go back to the good old way. A Badly Designed Solution to No Problem.
I've followed all the directions and you've got a 50-50 chance your stuff will stay put. And I'm not talking about heavy things either. I'm talking about light-weight paper and even using up to 4 stickers per 6x6 inch piece. Ridiculous waste of a product. And it says you can use them over and over - welllllllllll, I guess so but where are you going to store them after you take them off if you don't use them again immediately, assuming they are even worth saving because they actually kept an item stuck in place more than 5 minutes? All you're given is one plastic sheet that will of course allow you to stick the one side for storage, but how are you going to cover the other sticky side - unless you save every single itsy bitsy tiny flimsy cover square you peel off when you first use it. Poooooooor design. 50 - 50 chance it will stick and stay stuck.
As an Amazon Vine reviewer, I received a sample package of these reusable mounting tabs. I'm not sure that all of the other Vine reviewers actually tested these tabs on multiple surfaces from reading the glowing reviews. The concept behind these tabs is great - a non-residue, reusable replacement for taping things to walls and other surfaces. Being completely transparent, usage on glass works well. Removal from any other very stable surfaces is fine. Removal from painted drywall is a disaster. One tab came clean. Another peeled a perfect square of paint from the drywall, right down to the original drywall paper backing. I'd rather use citrasolve to remove tape residue than to have to repaint a wall that I have no matching touchup paint for. Not happy. The material I had put on the wall was a heavily coated paper and the tab peeled off of that fine. Any less stable paper surface will leave residue as well. These will find a lot of uses - but use with painted walls and wood, two of the advertised surfaces on the package, are not advised: success there will depend on the paint and substrate to avoid removing paint and the type of wood to avoid removing wood fibers. Peels the paint off the wall - fine for glass, metal, etc.
I needed to hang a poster on an existing framed picture. I thought this would be the perfect solution, I could hang the new poster on the existing glass and then in a few days when the event was over, I'd be able to remove it no problem. Well, there was a big problem. It ripped the poster and left goop on the glass. oh well, didn't work as advertised. I used it to stick paper to glass, it left a mess.
Scotch came up with a great idea when they invented these Reuseable tabs, but the idea that looked great on the drawing board has failed in it's actual application and use by the customer. I used these clear square sticky tabs that look like a square of very thick scotch tape on a variety of wall surfaces with a variety of paper types from heavy cardboard to thin drawing paper. I left each paper stick to many different surfaces for a full week and the results were all the same in the end-they simply don't work. The tabs stick well to plastic and metal refrigerators- very smooth surfaces, for a couple days. For painted walls, basement cement block and wood, they do not stick at all. After a week of using different papers on a variety of very smooth surfaces, thin drawing paper could not be removed from the tabs without tearing it off. Heavy photo paper did remove, but took off the top thin paper layer on the back. The same for light to heavy weight cardboard- the top layer won't come off, and just stays stuck and tears! Posters could be removed very, very carefully if they were heavy enough- thinner posters or old ones simply tore. I'm glad I didn't test these on anything valuable! Basically, the longer the papers had the tabs on the back, the harder it was to remove without total destruction of the paper! I followed the directions to a tee when removing the paper from the tabs- slowly, by the tab corners, being as careful as I could. After 1 week, the few things that were still hanging, simply tore because the paper would not peel off the tab, kind of like removing scotch tape from thin paper after years! This great idea needs to go back to the drawing board as it's basically good for the smoothest surfaces and the thickest paper for maybe a day or two before the adhesive becomes a permanent part of the paper! Until Scotch gets the MANY bugs out of these new tabs, I'll stick to my magnets and keep my treasured paper items and posters free from adhesive damage! Scotch Reuseable Tabs Do Not Pass The Test Of Time!
These are thin flexible but not spungy plastic squares sticky on both sides. The instructions on the back of the package state that they are intended to hold art or other lightweight items, 0. 25 lb/square, total not more than 1 lb. I, being a naive and trusted user, affixed 2 squares on a high quality photo with thin foam backing. The entire item weighed about 3 ounces. When I affixed it on a wall, it looked quite pleasant. The next morning I found the picture on the floor with the corners of the foam damaged from the fall to the tile floor. Hence, I am not sure how one can entrust this method of hanging more than a small thin sheet of USELESS paper on a FLAT CLEAN TILE wall. Unreliable and mostly useless.
The refillable Scotch Adhesive Dot Roller promised to take the place of at least a half a dozen dried out and ineffective glue sticks I had in my drawer. I wanted to use it to put stamps on envelopes and reattach photos onto old family album pages. I have a graduate degree (not engineering) and still haven't figured out how to get the darn thing to work. The directions didn't help. Goodbye Glue Sticks- Hello Dots - if you can get it to work.
I looked forward to using this product to help my very young daughters hang their artwork on their walls. Unfortunately, it simply does not hold up. Even a 24" x 18" piece of light paper fell down within 12 hours after placing a generous square of the reusable strips in each corner. It will stick to the wall just fine (and does come off a painted wall without leaving a mark as advertised). However, if it cannot hold up paper, it does not meet its purpose, so I cannot give it more than one star. I would suggestDAP 01201 BLUESTIK Reusable Adhesive Puttyas being more successful at accomplishing the same goal. Does not work as advertised.
I can't believe that a company like Scotch would sell something of this poor a quality. My trial for this item was this: I cut a piece of the scotch mounting strip and put it on the side of my printer and mounted a small post-it page keeper on top of the strip. Once during the day the post it fell off and I decided that I hadn't pushed hard enough when I put it on the mounting strip. I put it back on with more force. The next morning when I got up the post it was laying on my desk again. Reading on the back of the reusable strip package I found out I could wash the strip and it would be completely renewed. Wrong. Now it's completely useless and its just a piece of pliable plastic. I threw these things away. Disappointing.
These are just terrible. I used them on my daughter's not-very-textured walls (eggshell finish paint) and then won't even hold up a simple poster even when used at well more than double the recommended strip to weight ratio. I am pretty disappointed because this seemed like such an it's-about-time project. Too good to be true, I guess. Don't work.
We live in an area that easily reaches 125 degrees in the summer. And sometimes it's also very humid. It seems odd for this desert area, but it's a fact. I used these strips -- six per poster -- to hang theatrical movie art in a media room, but the posters kept falling off the wall, sometimes with the sticky strip still on the poster. Other times, it remained on the wall. Not sure if it's the temp or just a weak product. The idea is a good one, bit they need to make a super sticky version. NOT STICKY ENOUGH.
This stuff peels the paint right off the wall and took some drywall with it. My walls are pretty new 2004, painted with good quality paint about 6 months ago. Stuck this on (it's very sticky) and when I tested it by pulling it off, it pulled off a huge piece of paint with it! Now I need to go get some old paint and repaint that section of wall. I'd say this stuff is okay on metal or plastic or at work where you don't care about the walls. But do NOT use this on painted walls at home. I'm also uploading a picture of the damaged wall so take a look at it. Peels the paint right off the wall!
I bought this AT&T; phone answerer based on a review in Consumer Reports magazine and my past experience with a similar but DIFFERENT AT&T; phone/answerer that I purchased three years ago. WHAT A DIFFERENCE! 1: No HOLD Button. I keep the base phone/answerer on my bedroom table. If I want to then go to my kitchen to take the call, (which is where I keep the addictional included wireless handset) I have to go to the kitchen, answer it there and then either COME ALL THE WAY BACK to my bedroom to hang up the handset, OR hope that I remember to hang it up when I finish my call. My older AT&T; unit had a HOLD button. 2: No BELT CLIP! I live in a two story house with a basement and a garage. I always hang the cordless phone to my belt. This thing has NO CLIP! ! ! 3: TURNING RINGER OFF: With my older AT&T; I just pressed a MECHANICAL button on the right side of the handset to raise, lower or TURN OFF the ringer. Not with this one. You must go through the MENU and press SEVEN selections to turn it off. ( I counted them, SEVEN)4: ANSWERING MACHINE VOLUME: I ALWAYS turn my phone ringer and ANSWERING MACHINE VOLUME off before I go to bed. The old unit? EASY! J ONE button to lower or turn the volume OFF while still having the machine ON. Not now. You can raise or LOWER the answering machine, but you can NOT turn it OFF and still let the unit answer your calls. It wakes me up AND I do NOT want people to hear my messages coming in when I have company. 5: CORDED HANDSET on he base: They did NOT take the cord into consideration when designing this phone. When you hang up the handset, the stem of the phone cord touches the table. If you have ANYTHING around the phone that interferes with the handset, it will NOT hang up properly and your phone will be "off the hook". If you are an anal retentive Felix Unger neat freak, you're good to go, but if you have ANYTHING on your desk or night table that might get near this thing, it WILL interfere with it hanging up. It is sloped downward and the wire hits the table it is sitting on. SUMMARY: This is a CHEAPENED version of AT&Ts; previous model and it is very noticable that what they did was to take the old one, figure out how they can make it MUCH cheaper (in quality, not price) and send it to market. It's junk, and it's going backIf none of the above LACK of features bother you, then the phone does allow you to call or answer calls. BIG DEAL! FOUR KEY PROBLEMS compared to thier old model.
There is really nothing positive that I can say about this product. The fact that it did not come with batteries was not a problem but I felt that for $60, the ear phone should have been included. After loading it up, it had to be reset in order to wake up the screen which according to the directions demands the most delicate maneuvering with a paperclip so as to not permanently destroy the dictionary. As other reviewers have stated, the graphics are primitive, the robo voice grating, screen too small, choice of rhyming words inappropriate, various features confusing and of limited value etc. etc. Advertised as suitable for children in grades 1-5, this product would have no appeal for most kids in that age range today. The reality is, technology is amazing and useful and its applications growing at warp speed. Children and adults also need to be able to learn to work interdependently, developing solid relationships with human beings. To place yet another cheap-o gizmo like this into their hands does little to cultivate imagination, creativity, genuine learning or interpersonal skills. A poor use of financial and human resources.
11-26-2012 Update: Lexmark Pinnacle Pro901 All-in-One Printer is NOT compatible with Windows 8. Only some function accessible using hardwired USB connection. There are no drivers for this machine and Windows 8 insists that it is INCOMPATIBLE. This machine has NEVER been a suitable printer and I hate to trash it, but I will soon when I finish using all my ink supply. GAD… don't even think of not using LEXMARK ink. It hardly works with LEXMARK ink, let alone try any other brand. I would give it a MINUS 5 STARS, if there was such. Interestingly my Lexmark Optra E312L laser printer is still working like a champ; even with Windows 8 using USB. No problems for 13 years now, but then I don't use it heavily. 6-1-2012. I purchased the Lexmark Pro901 because I've had good success with a prior Lexmark printer. I have a Lexmark Optra E312L laser printer that's 12 years old and still works great with never a failure. The Pro901, however, has been troublesome for the six months I have had it. The machine and printhead have both been replaced by Lexmark, although I believe only the printhead was failing, but they could not diagnose that. Installation of the software has been a total nuisance and I have had to do it 15 times over the six months, as some features just quit working and reinstall is the only way to get them back operational. I still can't get downloads from Lexmark site and multiple calls to the Technical support have not helped. I'll keep tring to resolve the matter, as I've got 30 years of computer experience and can usually figure it out. When the machine works right, the results are great, but the "when" is problematic. I've spent many hours "fixing" this machine so it works. The replacement is still only partially operational. The Lexmark Tech support has been very willing to help but since they seem to be in the Phillipines, communications are very limited, even with their "remote" login to try and diagnose the machine. Also, the ink cartridges seem to fail frequently. I have yet to finish a set of ink cartridges without them failing. This is getting expensive. Sorry, Lexmark, but your new technology "sucks". Great concept - poor performance. I take it all back - DO NOT BUY this Unit!!!!! ".
There were two labels attached to the rear portion of the organizer. After removing the labels there was a sticky residue left behind. I am unable to remove the stickiness and its resultant discoloration regardless of what type of Goo Gone or other removers I use. Not really a problem because it is on the back of the organizer. However, there apparently was a sticker at one time on the front as well because there is a same sized sticky square on the lower right hand corner. This is a distraction to the appearance of the organizer because of the stickiness and because the square is a different color than the rest of the front. In addition to the unsightly sticky square there are bubbles on the front of the organizer. This is the result of poor workmanship in attaching the outer layer to the frame. Without the stated flaws this would be a fairly nice organizer considering its relatively low price. I received this from the Vine program so I don't consider it returnable. Although it is too unsightly to use on my desktop I believe I can find a use for it in my workshop. Damaged Goods.
I ordered this folio file because I thought that it would fit all my files, but sadly it does not! On top of all that, the quality is horrible! It is so paperthin that it ripped just inserting the tabs! What is that about? Very unhappy. I wish I had not gotten this. Not happy!
These are beautiful-looking phones that promise to connect your cell phones to handsets seamlessly with no cables, even replacing your land line if desired. Unfortunately, after trying these for a week, they only deliver on appearance and I've switched back to the previous cordless handsets we have. Specifically, the Bluetooth connection drops constantly and there's no phone-book synchronization. Plus, if you're using your cell as the platform, you have all the inconvenience of a weak Verizon connection without the contacts on your cell phone. After a while, it's just more obvious to use your cell phone and ditch these altogether. I really wanted to like these units with their sleek appearance and the obvious benefits of extending a cellular connection across a house. Maybe they'll get it right in version 2. Solid idea executed incredibly poorly.
Another in a long line of "how do we appeal to the digital world" products from 3M! Purportedly "laptop note dispensers", these Post-Its are simply 20-sheet dispensers made out of cardboard that adhere to anything (including your laptop). The cardboard sleeves themselves have somewhat garish graphic patterns in bright colors on them -- I doubt you'll be wanting to spoil the appearance of your brand new sleek and stylish MacBook Pro or Sony Vaio laptop with these anytime soon. The real kicker is what a poor value these dispensers are. Original Post-It notes cost about six dollars per 1,200 sheets. These "laptop Post-Its" can be purchased for about three dollars for 60 sheets. Therefore, the "Laptop Note Dispensers" are a whopping 10 times more expensive per sheet than conventional Post-It notes. Your needs may differ to mine, but I honestly never found it a problem throwing the 3-inch square original pads in my laptop case along with my laptop and just having them to hand when I needed them. And for much note-taking on a laptop, I use on-screen Stickies on my MacBook faster than I can dispense a Post-It and write on it. Do the math!
I was excited about these post-it notes since I use them frequently, but they get icky since they don't have a dispenser. Unfortunately this dispenser is extremely flimsy and is just a waste of paper. It will be destroyed in a few days, you are better off just using regular Post-Its and saving yourself the frustration. Falls apart in a few days.
I've used and enjoyed Post-Its for years, but this new product seems completely worthless. The package contains three "dispensers" which are merely folded-up paper sleeves into which you insert an accordion-fold stack of Post-Its. You then affix the dispenser to your laptop or any other surface and voil&agrave;! Note paper at your fingertips! Pros:It has Post-Its. Cons:The dispensers are thin and flimsy. There are only 20 Post-Its in a stack. The adhesive may leave marks. When you pull a Post-It, it can wrinkle easily. The dispensers are gray and yucky chartreuse and hot pink. You don't need the dispenser to use the notes. You have to unstick the dispenser from laptop to refill it. I don't see the value of this product and I am amazed that it was created. Do you really have to stick note papers to your laptop? If so, it would be easier to stick a regular stack of Post-Its or just carry a stack of them in your case or pocket. Twenty sheets to a pack is too few; you're always refilling the dispenser. This seems like a needless and overpriced product. Building a worse mousetrap.
i like sticky notes, but this is just a ploy to try to get you to buy "something new. " these are just regular ol' sticky notes packaged in very (and i mean VERY) thin stacks inside of a piece of paper with a tape strip to stick onto your laptop. seriously? why should i buy this instead of the much thicker stack that i can use instead? i see no good reason to buy this. marketing ploy.
This has to be the most ill-conceived product from Post-It yet. These are flimsy post-it note dispensers that you're supposed to stick to the back of your laptop screen. Great! Just what I always wanted - to put something ugly and sticky on my laptop. I didn't actually stick it to my laptop, but when I tried it on other surfaces, it definitely doesn't come off cleanly enough to gum up your computer, unless you're one of those people who puts stickers on their laptops anyway. In that case, I suppose it doesn't matter. Furthermore, when was the last time you were sitting at your laptop thinking, "wow - I really wish there was some way I could make myself a note. . . I guess there's nothing to be done! " Of course not. You'd write yourself a note on your laptop itself! I have no idea why anyone would want a sticky note dispenser glued to their laptop. Finally, the dispensers are very small and it appears that they require small stacks of sticky notes. Perhaps you can use regular post-its from a big stack, but it's difficult to determine. This whole thing just seems silly and useless, except for one instance: if you affix one of these to the inside of a textbook, it might be handy in school. Maybe you could use it in a binder or notebook, but then again, you could just take notes in your notebook! If anyone has found a good use for these, please comment on my review and I'll consider toning down my negative impression of the Post-It Laptop dispenser. In the meantime, I'll be scratching my head over this one. What were they thinking?
Some clever brain came up with this idea and I weep to think of the wasted time and effort involved, not to mention the waste of said originating brain who has good concepts that ought to be applied to real problems in the world. This did not work for me. Yes, I can be technologically challenged, so it took me about 20 minutes to figure out how to insert the darn thing properly. The plastic casing is slippery and when you pull out a single Post-it sheet the whole thing moves up and almost out. And then there are the warnings which say watch out for damage to surfacesyou stick it on and be careful because colors may bleed and it might lift ink. Folks, do we really need millions of these nonbiodegradable, truly unnecessary squares of frivolous impulse buying dreck to dump into our already over-crowded landfills? In these days of increasing ecological awareness, what was 3M thinking? Maybe they could be sealed together and used to plug the oil leak in the Gulf? No one who cares about our planet would ever buy one. Pleeeezzzzeeee!
terrible in terms of quantity to price value. would never buy again. in fact, i got rid of the entire printer. this thing is so expensive, that after a cost analysis, i was better off investing in more expensive upfront laser printer. expensive and short lasting.
I ordered this to use as a in/out board at work. I change the board frequently, so I wanted something small, bright, and easy to clean. This board and markers fell flat. Here's what I found lacking:- Neon Markers: The ink from the markers themselves is really transparent. I tried using different combinations of all three colors on the black board, and nothing looked very vibrant or neon. Since the ink didn't show up very brightly on black, I was skeptical about the claims that this could be used on a white erase board as well. Sure enough the color contrast on the white board was even worse than the black erase board. - Cleaning the Board: A regular dry-erase board eraser was not enough to clear the ink from the board and I wound up having to use a dry-erase spray cleaner and some serious elbow grease just to get off some simple fresh notes. I would not recommend this product at all. Extremely Disappointed!
For years I have used the Expo brand of white board markers and love them. I decided to try these because it was listed as Bold. Well bold it was not. The colors paled in comparison to the expo colors although it did write well. The product was also listed as low oder. I found a funky smell emitted as I wrote. Which I didn't experience with the Expo brand. The best part of the kit was the spray and eraser, but even that was lack luster. The spray erase kit smudges the erased writing and you spend so much time getting theboard white again. I would have liked the eraser to have been magnetized so that itwould stick to the white board. The product works, it just doesn't work well enough to deliver on it's packagingpromises. And that funky smell, makes the pens a toss out! A shocking disappointment.
The highly touted ePrint feature has not yet been implemented. - Print photos, documents and more from anywhere, anytime using email - NOT TRUE AT THIS TIME! HP is being very deceptive. Avoid this printer and HP. Avoid Like the Plague.
I got this printer at a decent price. it's definitely not worth what this seller is asking for it. I give this printer a full star because the scanner works nicely. However, it gets no stars for printing. It gets a paper jam every 2 - 3 pages. Really annoying. You have to stop what you're doing, go open up the printer, pull out the offending piece of paper, and then hit the okay button. It starts to print & then 2 pages later you're back in there doing the same exact thing. Completely frustrating. I've put up with it for a year, but will be buying myself a new printer this coming month because I can't take it anymore. Terrible printer!
I had this printer for a little over a year and every time I print something, I always have to set it up over again. It worked fine for the first few months, then after, it kept disappearing from the network which meant I had to retype the network key on their little screen every single time I needed to print something. Might I also say, it's annoying and time consuming because you have to type it in with little arrow keys that select each and every character. It comes with no USB wire so you can't even print wired. I like the fact that the setup was simple, but what's the point of a simple set up if you have to do it over and over again. I called HP customer service and a tech person was trying to help us set up the printer for literally 5 hours and came with no solution. In fact, he complained the whole time and said it would've been easier if we had the USB wire. Well, it didn't come with the printer so why are we going to pay extra for something like that? A wireless printer should print and work WIRELESSLY. I gave up on setting up this printer and as time went on, it was recognized, but then if you print, it would say the printer isn't responding or has an error. I swear, it's so hard to find a budget-friendly 5-star printer. Gave up on this printer.
FINAL EDIT (11/14/2011): This should be my final word on this printer. A couple of weeks ago the printer jammed. I cleared the paper path and there is no more jam, but the jam detector was damaged by the jam, so now the printer believes it is jammed even though it isn't. The printer is out of warranty and it will cost more to repair it than to buy a new printer (but not another one of these!!!! ). Since I can't clear the jam error, I also can't use it as a scanner or fax. That's a big problem with these all-in-one devices. Sorry for such a disjointed review. As you can see from reading the review and the comments, my experience has been mixed. But the final conclusion is failure. eWaste. =====================================================EDIT (December, 2010): I just discovered that this printer won't print on 3-hole paper. How ridiculous is that?!?!?! With that in mind, I have dropped my rating from four-stars to one-star and changed the title of the review. Buyer beware!!!! The flaw is that the paper jam detector is on the left-hand side of the paper path. As the 3-hole paper passes through, it detects a jam when it gets to the hole. The only way to get around this is to manually rotate your print job in your software (PDF? ) and turn the paper around so that the holes are on the right side of the paper path. This is a very poor design: someone at Epson should be in deep trouble for this!!! Out of fairness though, I'm leaving my original review below so that my initial impression of this product can still be seen. =====================================================OLD REVIEW"Just bought a second one" (4 Stars)I've waited two months before reviewing this item, because I wanted to use it long enough to have some real experience with it. After two months, this multi-function printer has been dependable enough that I just bought another one as a birthday present for my daughter. It's not PERFECT, but it meets enough of my criteria to make me happy. My #1 criteria is that I didn't want to give my daughter a printer that would bankrupt her for consumables. ____________________About the ink:I hate inkjet printers because: the ink is too expensive, the printers don't hold enough ink to last very long, I always run out at the most inopportune moments, and I have to replace the whole color cartridge when only one color ran out. None of those dislikes are true for this printer. Cool! * Capacity: There is room for five ink cartridges on this printer (two black and one of each colors). That's sweet--especially since most of my printing is B&W. ;* Cost: Replacing colors as-needed is much cheaper than replacing the whole color cartridge. The pricing of the ink for this printer is still pretty high, but it's not as insane as other inkjets I've owned. * Monitoring: No surprises with the ink capacity, because the print monitor software tells you what your ink levels are. I'm not crazy about having this app running all the time, but I hate running out of ink even more than I hate having an app running on my system. ____________________What I like:* Print Quality: I don't usually pay too much attention to quality, because it's something I expect. Just like I expect the gas at my local gas station to be good. So it's that much more surprising that the print quality of this printer DAZZLED me. I have an expensive color laser at work, but the color calibration is always off. I never realized how horrible my office documents were until I brought home some work and printed it on this printer. W-O-W!!! None of my other inkjet printers have dazzled me like this before. And this is just the default color quality (not the high quality setting). * Ink: I like this unit's ink functionality enough to write about it in its own section. * Footprint: It's not as huge as other multi-function printers I've owned. However, it's too tall to fit in the cabinet where my old HP fit. * Speed: Black & white copies print so fast it's actually frightening (USB connection). It's a loud & violent process, but it's daaaang fast!!! Color slows the process down, but it's still very reasonable. WiFi slows the first page down, but the rest of the pages print normally. * WiFi: The wireless setup was very simple. I only had to run this setup one time to configure the printer. After that, the setup on the rest of my home PCs was very quick. The printer plays very nicely with the rest of my home network. HOWEVER (big drawback), the first page on a wireless print job takes FOR-STINKING-EVER!!! (about 2-3 minutes)* Scanning: This is about the umpteenth scanner I've owned and every one of them has bugged me in one way or another. I'm not a grouch, but I want things to work. This is the first scanner EVER that hasn't made me mad. I love two things about the scanning functionality in this device: First, it was designed with network scanning in mind. So there are no quirky work-arounds to get it to scan from a remote machine. Second, there is a good selection of "profiles" where you can pick from basic to professional feature sets. That means my kids can scan without being overwhelmed by the huge set of options. * Fax: I rarely fax, but this fax works fine. I don't have a dedicated fax line, so I have to tell the kids not to answer the phone if a fax is coming in. ____________________What I don't like:* The lag for WiFi printing is really really bad. This would have been a five-star review if it weren't for that. I promise I'll update this review if I ever solve this problem. It's a very serious hurdle though. You know when you need to print something real fast before you leave home (a map, directions, movie tickets, plane tickets, medical insurance card, etc. )? I usually put that little chore off until the last possible minute and my wife is usually impatiently waiting in the car for me to get my act together. If this were my only printer, she would divorce me. Luckily I have another printer on my network and I print all the time-sensitive stuff to that one. * I'm not crazy about the paper path. Although I like that the page comes straight from the back, through the printer, and lands in the tray in front (no curled pages), it means that a multi-page document is reverse-ordered. I can change that in my print options before I print, but the odds of me remembering this are pretty slim. So I have to hand sort the whole dang thing to get it right. * The paper handling mechanism is LOUD and VIOLENT. I halfway expect to find my kids and pets collated in my documents when I go to the other room to pick them up. Luckily the noise scares the cat and she runs away to safety. * I'm not the greenest guy in the world, but I'm a tightwad. So duplex (two-sided) printing is REALLY important to me. Although manual duplex printing is theoretically possible with this printer, it's more of a hassle than it's worth. So you can see that I have some gripes about this device, but it is still a very dependable machine. I didn't realize how much I liked it until I bought one for my daughter without hesitating. eWaste.
These are too small to even bee noticed. They might be nice for kids to play with but not for important messages you want your family to see. Way too small.
Bought 3 rolls. First use was to attach a small piece of paper with speed dial numbers to the back of my three telephones. The tape, for this purpose, is useless. I then tried what was left of the US Postal Service tape (looks the same), and it held perfectly. The Scotch product is clearly inferior. Rather than try on a package, I will return for a refund. Does not stick!!!
If you don't do enough shipping to buy a tape gun, and use bulk rolls of tape, you've probably bought some shipping tape in a dispenser similar to this. And you've also certainly have found out how easily the tape falls off the cutter, and back onto itself, and the pain involved in trying to re-start it. Very frustrating, to say the least. Well, this tape solves the problem in two ways. First, it's a lot thicker than budget brands of shipping tape, and even thicker than regular Scotch-brand shipping tape, so the end doesn't disappear. Second, and this is the important one, the adhesive doesn't stick as well as typical shipping tape. This might not be a problem if we were talking about a 3" or 4" wide shipping tape, but this tape isn't even 2" wide. I'm sorry, but 1. 88" is not wide enough to seal a cardboard box seam that's longer than about 6", and that's the problem. With other tape, you can use two or three passes of 1. 88" tape. Do that with this tape, and you run the risk of it pealing off itself in transit. And while the adhesive seems to stick well enough to cardbord during my usage, I have my doubts that it will hold up as well in a high-humidity situation. Isn't the whole purpose of tape to stick? So it ought to be obvious that a less sticky tape isn't an advantage. It may make this tape less frustrating to use when it accidentally re-rolls itself during taping, but is that really the most important feature of a tape? I'm sorry, but I just can't recommend this tape to anyone using a box with seams longer than about 6 to 8-inches. Biggest Plus is Also its Biggest Minus.
The only thing that worked properly on this manual unit was the vacuum bar, which held it securely on the table top. The various holes will allow you to sharpen a variety of pencils, but I use the word "sharpen" loosely as the blades must be made of ragged ends ~ we got anything but a smooth, sharp point. There were no clean edges, no fine points, in fact, the pencils came out looking like they were put through a cheese grater. The handle does not smoothly turn and therefore you are forced to hold the barrel steady with the same hand that is holding your pencil. The entire operation is clumsy and the end result is frustration, especially for school children. This one is not getting more than one star, sorry. Go with a battery operated STAPLES brand for the same price and get a clean, sharp point every time. No way.
OK, so sometimes the old fashioned way really isn't best. I got this because I was dissatisfied with the various electric pencil sharpeners we have, and longed for the silken-smooth action of the old-style Bostich sharpeners, complete with revolving openings for different sized pencils and handy vacuum seal that keeps it sturdily attached to your desk as you sharpen. Well after putting a dozen pencils of varying size and width through the blades of this Bostich, all I can say is Ugh. First of all, don't try to attach the vacuum base on wood. It will not stay put. Every time I fed a pencil into the sharpener opening and started to crank, the seal broke. It only worked on a formica-like surface, which did hold the seal pretty well. Second problem, noise: the thing is so loud my granddaughter came in from another room to ask what was making so much noise. I was sharpening a pencil, Honey. Wow, that's a noisy pencil sharpener! Third, clumsy cut: the sharpening blades are incredibly rough, chewing up everything from a simple basic #2 pencil to a thick charcoal drawing pencil and everything in between. The points on each pencil were anything but fine -- the charcoal fell apart, the drawing pencils never reached a point, and the paper on one type of pencil I've used for years was torn to bits. No other sharpener has ever done that. This is going in the round file. Epic fail.
With a pair of metal blades, this sharpens well. Expect to have to suction it down with each use. Nice to be able to sharpen different sizes too! Edited 6/7/14: Blades fell apart. Junk. Does the job.
The sharpener itself seems fine. However, no matter what surface I 'vacuum' attached it to, it came off before a pencil had been completely sharpened. The only surface it attached to for even that amount of time was a glass table top-- no suction on a smooth wooden surface (my desk, where I would have liked to keep it) and not much better on the formica counter in the kitchen. get one that screws into a wall or onto a counter instead of this.
This product simply does not work well. It works about 5 percent of the time. I'm using tagging barbs by the same manufacturer/brand as the tagging gun. There is a learning curve. But I am a mechanical engineer and can figure things out fairly well. The needle mechanism consists of a hollow tube with a side slot and needle that pushes the end of the barb (the end that is to be poked through the fabric) through the tube. What happens is the tagging barbs slide out of the side slot of the needle before they are punched through the fabric. It happens over and over again. If you don't have the fabric flush with the flat front of the tagging gun you have no chance; if you do, you have a large chance that the barb will split rather than be punched through the fabric. Trying to get this product to work I am reminded of the definition of insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. Not really great.
I got it to read QR codes that I normally read from my smartphone. It will only read standard bar codes. Will NOT read QR codes.
At one year old this unit produces paper jams galore, leaks ink and when we just cleaned it up we removed about two table spoons of jellied ink from within the printer on the right side where the cartridges are parked. The entire unit is smeared with ink on the inside. This is an item in a home office where it is used very lightly. A total waste of time! There should be a 0 star option for this one. Horrible printer, expensive ink, paper jams galore.
Many of the pens quit working within the first few minutes of using them. The glitter may be getting clogged up in some but even the metallic ones are refusing to flow. I couldn't get them to write once again no matter how or what I tried. All the old techniques to get the ink to flow with ballpoint pens when I was in school failed. This assortment is proving to be a real "dud". Nearly 25% of these pens do not work after the first use. I always recap my pens they really should not dry out. I can clearly see the volume of ink is in the inner tube. Frustrating to say the least. Do Not Buy! Unless you've got money to blow! Ink will not come out and play.
I have no idea how I did it but it was the wrong cartridge for my printer. So not sure what to do with it. I had to drive 20 miles to our nearest place to buy the correct one! and 20 miles back, or the machine wouldn't print. Grhhhh I ordered the wrong ink cartridge!
Since I started using this my cursor won't work right part of the time which is very annoying. The only thing I can think that is responsible for the malfunctioning cursor is that this thin pad doesn't have enough "grab" on its surface. This is probably due to the flimsy material from which it is constructed. It is also rather large (8x9") which may be a boon to you but it takes up a lot of space on my little desk. Personally I am going to quit using it and return to using my prior thick mouse pad! Doesn't work well.
I have bad luck with Epson products. Their longevity sucks. This worked well in the beginning, although it felt like each scan took forever. The software and choosing what and how to use to scan wasn't easy to use. I'm not the top of tech savvy, but i'm not at the bottom either. It stopped scanning after very few uses (months later, but total uses was maybe 100 tops). I've tried downloading a driver upgrade… it just won't work. It won't load onto my computer. It's too deep to store easily and too big. I bought it to scan family photos, but it takes too long (took too long) and i gave up. It really, for me, was a waste of money. My other Epson printer died after a few months. I truly cannot recommend Epson products and won't ever purchase them again. Guaranteed. In the long run, not happy.
I don't normally write such negative reviews, but this was an utter disappointment. I was unable to be productive with this item at all. It took me 10 minutes of disappointment after disappointment trying to cut different types of paper, etc to ultimately decide I needed to return it. The plastic is a sub-par grade, very flimsy. The blade does not cut through paper very smoothly, not one sheet, much less 3 as it claims often not at all. It tore newspaper with the blade, rather than cut it, it caught it and tore it. Not good. I was so disappointed with this purchase that I returned the item for a refund. I did end up purchasing a Swingline SmartCut EasyBlade Plus Rotary Paper Trimmer, 12 Inch, 15 Sheet Capacity (8912) it was about twice the price, but so much more worth it. Hope that helps you with your purchasing decisionThanks for Reading! I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.
I bought this set of phones because they looked good and i needed a recorder,when i got the phone after three weeks the recorder would not work did not work.
I ordered this desk chair from the Vine program and was looking forward to getting it. From the description, it sounded like the perfect computer desk chair. Unfortunately:*It looks nothing like the picture. The base assembly is plastic, not metal. The arm supports are plastic. Not only does it not match the picture, but the overall effect is cheesy. *The arms are NOT ADJUSTABLE. They're fixed. THEY DO NOT MOVE. If you look at the picture, you can see that the arm rests are on posts which presumably allow you to raise and lower them. With this chair, the armrests are each one piece of plastic which attaches to the side AND the back of the chair, which doesn't allow them to move. *Comfort level? Okay, not great. I'm not impressed by the so-called "lumbar support. " I haven't owned it long enough to tell if it will be comfortable in the long run. Actually, I may never know. I will probably be using our "old" chair and this will be relegated to the basement, as an extra seat. *The chair is supposed to allow a bit of recline. It doesn't. You can rock back about an inch--the same as another chair we recently purchased but which lists way lower than the price of this model. *It's possible that the wrong item was sent to me, EXCEPT the packing slip clearly identifies this as the product I requested. So: was there a mistake at the warehouse? Or, was there a flimsier, cheaper prototype that the company is trying to unload so they can market the "better" chair? Or more disturbingly: are higher-quality chairs being swapped out so that someone can profit from selling them while presenting this as the "real" chair to unsuspecting customers? I did alert Vine about this. In any case, the chair I now have is the chair you will possibly receive when you order the product described on this page. This is one of those cases where what you see is NOT what you get. ***** Two other customers (comments below) experienced the same thing I did: they recieved the wrong item, not the chair advertised, but one of a much lower quality. I don't think the "cheaper" chair is a bad chair, only that it does not measure up to the model described on this page. IMPORTANT POINT: This is a pattern, not just a one-in-a-thousand (or however many chairs they have for sale) problem. ANYONE who orders this chair has a pretty good chance of receiving the WRONG chair. If I had to furnish a home office and wanted the HMH01 model, I would be taking a chance ordering it. If you get the wrong model, it's a hassle to repackage it and mail it back (even if amazon reimburses you for the shipping). I think they have a problem at the warehouse. ************** Don't Waste Your Money.
The chair in the picture, and the one described here sounds like a really good chair -- but that's not what I got. I got a cheap chair that wouldn't sell for more than $100 at an office supply store. What I got, despite the packaging, appears to be more like the HON HVL521, but even if I were to assume it was really that chair, I still couldn't give it a good review. For the price of the HVL521 I would expect better quality than what I got. The cheap chair that I got has a fabric covered foam seat with a cover that doesn't fit the seat. It's puckered-up near the rear. The pneumatic lift is anemic. It might be fine if you're 100lb, but as a 240lb (okay, 260lb) man, I don't see it lasting for more than a couple months of use. The cheap casters pop into a soft plastic base. You'd better have a hardwood floor because if they sink into even a short-piled carpet, the sideways stress put on them is going to cause them to come loose, and drop out quite easily. So if the chair I got is the correct chair that you'll get, there is no way it's worth anything close to the price I paid. If it's the other model that it appears to be, it's still poorly made. Not Anything Like the Description.
I was thrilled with this purchase since the ink was so much cheaper than the regular ink. However, my printer has stopped printing black normally. When I do the printer test it says the heads need to be cleaned and after doing many cleaning cycles and replacing the black cartidge with a brand name Epson cartidge, I still can't get the black print head to work again. I have used a similar product on a brother printer for a year with no problem so maybe it is the printer. However, the Epson disclaimer says non-epson inks may damage the printer, so I am inclined to think the are right in this case. I think it broke my printer.
WHAT WAS I THINKING???? Trying to save a few bucks and now I am stuck with a printer that won't print and an hour drive to town to buy a new printer. First I had trouble installing the cartridges. The seller was VERY nice and answered my questions fast (thumbs up to the seller). I got them all installed. Oddly (blast you Epson), after I installed one they all seemed to need changing even though they showed having plenty of ink… hmmm. Finally I got them installed and printed five pages that looked decent (not great). Then from one page to the next the colors were off. For the first time in the 2-3 years I have had the printer I had to clean the heads and all that utility type stuff and NO LUCK. Nothing I have done will get the printer printing again. I am just out of luck. Anyway, now I have NO WORKING PRINTER and am not only out what I spent on these AWFUL cartridges, but I guess I will just have to buy an entire new printer. GEESH… WHAT WAS I THINKING???? I will beg you to not buy ANY off brand ink jet cartridges. Just stick with the name brand ones. I am weeping on my ink stained fingers. UPDATE!!! I literally threw the printer away and had to purchase an ENTIRE NEW PRINTER! I spent hours cleaning the heads and doing everything imaginable and then the printer told me the cartridges were not compatible and refused to even clean the heads. This was a very costly, time consuming and frustrating mistake. I swear I will never, ever be tempted to buy off brand cartridges again… yep, I should have known better. DO NOT BE TEMPTED BY THE PRICE!!!!!!!!!
These cartridges didn't work, period. They slot into my Epson Workforce 600 just fine, but no ink comes out. Taking them out I can see punctures in the feed holes, so it's not that. I'll definitely be seeking another solution for economical ink. Don't waste your money. Didn't even get what little I payed for.
Another cheap, crappy piece of plastic made in China: I returned this very quickly to Amazon. Shavings were constantly spewing out the sides of the thing while it was in operation and it is very noisy with a lot of vibration while it's sharpening. I upgraded to an iPoint sharpener which is super quiet, smooth and quick: ten zillion times better than this one. NOT RECOMMENDED!!! VERY MESSY, VERY NOISY, VERY CHEAPLY MADE IN CHINA.
I HAD THIS SHARPENER SINCE MARCH AFTER ALL THE RAVE REVIEWS IN AMAZON, ONLY FOR IT TO STOP WORKING AFTER A COUPLE OF MONTHS. IT WAS PURCHASED FROM WHITE STAR. WHEN I CALLED THE ORIGINAL MANUFACTURERSCHOOL SMART--THEY SAID THAT THIS COMPANY WAS NOT AUTHORIZED TO SELL THIS PRODUCT TO BEGIN WITH, AND URGED ME TO CONTACT THE COMPANY--NO RESPONSE! LUCKILY I PURCHASED FROM AMAZON AND THEY RETURNED IT PROMPTLY AND ISSUED ME A REFUND. I AM SURPRISED THAT IT JUST STOPPED WORKING--AND DONT UNDERSTAND ALL THE GREAT REVIEWS… NUMBER ONE?? NOT AT ALL--SO YOUR RESEARCH! ENDED UP RETURNING IT--DONT BUY!!
First, I love most Sharpie products, including their new non-permanent pens. So I thought I'd give these a try. As has been well-documented here by others, the writing does not look like a pencil, it looks like a grey pen that skips a lot. There is no boldness to the line, and it makes reading what you wrote an eyesore. Truly a disappointment, and a surprisingly poor product. Really deserves negative stars.
Many companies have a dud product, but for Sharpie to have released this to the public, SHAME on them. I purchased this product due to brand name and excitement about pencil leads being liquid. Well I don't know whose pockets got lined to passthis item through failed experiments, but I see a refund in my future so it won't be my money. The product simply doesn't work. Writing is sketchy at best. Sharpe needs to go back to the drawing board- something apparently not done when testing this product, but selling this to the public in such a condition is unacceptable. Shame on Sharpe!
Sharpie advertises this product as being "smooth like a pen, erases like a pencil". It a very poor pen that writes less smoothly than this product, and the texture isn't really pencil-like. The erasing goes fine, but the erasers on the end of the pencil fall off very easily. Waste of $6. Poor ink/lead flow.
These are awful pencils, they skip, they are barely "erasable", so frustrating to use that I threw mine away. What a waste of money. Buy some cheap Bic mechanical pencils instead, you'll be better off. Horrible.
I always associate Sharpie with quality products. Who hasn't used one of their markers? They are the gold standard for fiber tipped markers. For that reason, when I saw this liquid pencil on the shelf, I grabbed a pack to check them out. I noticed the pencil had a nice rubber grip (love rubber gripped pens) and it had a good mechanical "click" to extend the point. And that's where it stopped. The thing writes poorly. It skips when you write - a lot! Completely unacceptable. And I tried it on all types of paper too, not just the Sunday Times Crossword puzzle (slick paper - wouldn't even make a mark on it! ). White paper, post-it note, even my Moleskine planner - USELESS! Complete and utter waste of money. Do not buy this - unless, of course you like wasting your money on things that don't work. A shock from the Sharpie guys and a real disappointment. _______________________________________________________________________________________Update - Sharpie is standing behind their product and if I send it back, they will refund my money… I can't believe they can sell these things - absolutely useless.
I too had high hopes for this pencil. Considering Sharpie is a reputable brand that makes quality markers, it was a huge disappointment to find that this pencil does indeed write like a bad pen, as others have stated. When you first begin to write, you get that lull/skip of ink, or in this case, liquid lead(? ). I thought I could live with that, considering I just love when a Bic clear stick does that, but for work where I have to fill out a job log sheet, its a huge fail. Disappointing.
I love Sharpie products, but this is the first one that really disappointed me. The pencil is ergonimically designed and looks very chic, but the graphite ink delivery is very inconsistent; lines of written out will be solid or choppy depending on how the ballpoint can deliverthe ink. I have tested the pencil on different types of paper and it works the best on the yellow business pad. It does not write well on glossy paper like all liquid gel inks and will smear. Erasability will depend on how much force is exerted when you write, if you write lightly, then it erases cleanly, but if you writing leaves impressions on the paper then residue is left on the paper and you cannot fully erase the ink. You can use any type of eraser to erase the liquid ink which one of the good characteristics of this pencil. If you want improvement do not hesitate to contact Sharpie, it's a company that seems to emphasize improvement, which is why the retractable sharpie writing instruments have improved, they do not dry our as fast as the initially pens. I look forward the the next redesign of this new pencil, but currently the pencil just does not measure up to the original lead or barrel based pencils. Could have been great but ink inconsitency and limited erasability.
I got these with great expectations, I love everything sharpie and this was the biggest let down of my life. They write horribly, like a pen that's running out of ink, they skip they tug they are just uncomfortable no pressure a lot of pressure hot or cold little use or a lot of use there is just no helping these liquid pencils, the only thing that is great about them is they erase easy so you can erase the mess and start over with a real pencil or pen… stick to the sharpie pens!!! Its like a pen thats running out of ink.
I own a lot of Sharpie products and love them so when I saw that Sharpie now has a range of liquid mechanical pencils, I was keen to try them out. They look very nice and stylish, and when I tried writing with one, I liked the smooth ink which feels like writing with a ballpoint pen except that the ink is erasable with a pencil eraser. Unfortunately, the ink flow is inconsistent and these pencils proved to be a terrible disappointment. I can't believe Sharpie is marketing these pencils with such an obvious flaw. I tried the other pencil in the pack and had the same disappointing results. It was frustrating to write with when I had to go back over the lines the pencil missed. If Sharpie can fix this flaw, these pencils would be winners because the other features - smooth eraser, stylish barrel, and the smoothness of the lines when the pencil actually works, are great. I really wanted to like this pencil, but.
Smooth and flowing… shucks, these pen-pencils don't do that. The ink does not come out smoothly and when it does it is very light. Since it's already light it's easy to erase. Don't buy these. They obviously didn't go through product testing. Failed Creation.
I bought these because the idea seemed cool but I returned them (something I almost never do) immediately. They skip like an out of ink ball pen. Completely useless. Don't waste your money. How can they sell this junk?
Having used Sharpie pens and markers for decades, I expected that I was going to LOVE these liquid pencils. Here's what I like about them: they erase nicely. Other than that, they are nearly useless. They leave blobs of "ink," they skip, they require more pressure than an ordinary pencil, they are not useful when a fine hand is involved (or small characters), and they have all the disadvantages of the cheapest ball point pens. A number of years ago, a manufacturer produced the same type of product and it was unsatisfactory. Sharpie seems to have taken a step or two backward from that point. The design of the Sharpie pencil is nice and it would be comfortable to write with if extra pressure was not required. Otherwise… it's back to the drawing board. HUGE disappointment.
Would review this product, but, it arrived with the pen shattered and dried out completely. So now I have to buy my own pen. More to come maybe.
This printer has been a great assist to me since my purchase, sometimes it doesn't work but I can always play around and fix it. Not this time. I consistently get the U052 error and I could not fix it. It says I'm using the wrong cartridge but I tried all my OEM, nonOEM cartridges it would not fix it. I even tried to reset the whole machine, worked for a few pages and then popping U052 again. Canon, I'm tired trying to play around with you and I'm going to try another brand. I would not recommend this printer to anyone, because it is a disaster (especially when school begins and you have everything to print). Run and stay away. Great as long as you don't get errors like U052.
Don't do it. I loved this PIXMA, and its price, right up until it mysteriously stopped working. It suddenly began insisting at all times that there was a foreign device in its (empty) USB slot that I needed to remove. This was initially just strange, given I kept the printer and my workspace very clean, and could be cured by sticking a USB stick in the port that it did recognize. But not longer after I discovered this solution, it just stopped working altogether, claiming a totally different error (that also wasn't applicable! ). I spent hours and hours and hours trying various Canon solutions without any luck. The end cost: more than $100+ on this printer then 10-20 hours cleaning the printer and trying to problem solve. Broke just outside of warranty.
I googled what it could mean, and it means that the ink is either not recognised, or not loaded correctly. I read the manual on how to install it correctly. No dice. Keeps doing the same dumb error. No USB cable included in the box, so I had to go out and buy one. Frankly, I don't have the time or the patience for this. I'd sooner return and buy a new one than finagle this garbage. This error message means that I cannot scan, print, or do anything else with the machine. In other words, I have a big fat brick. I tried to get the contact info for Cannon customer support, and the page won't load. Classy. The singapore page loads, right there with the phone number. So if I wanted to make a long distance call to Singapore, I'd be golden. But the USA support site? Not so much. 40E error. Forever.
Worked good for just over a year, very little use, now after 16 months of use it is dead. Used to be Canon made a decent scanner, those days are now gone. 18 months and it is dead! Buy something else!
This may be the most defective device I've ever purchased. None of the buttons on the scanner itself for '1 click action' work. No graphic programs see the scanner, though it is clearly installed properly. If I scan from the included software, all attempted scans come out solid black. Back this goes to Amazon. I'd avoid buying this. Absolutely nothing works.
it stopped. The ink got dry in the lines and black stopped working. Never had this issues with any HP machine I owned. Will not deal with Brother again. Worked and then.
I can put this on literally any surface, from paper to metal, and it will not stick. I can pull the tape off, leaving no residue at all. Maybe I just got one of those rolls in a thousdand or maybe they have no quality control. Complete waste of money. Almost no adhesive.
fell off the bottom of my car after I went over a bump I have contacted the manufcturer in attempt to retrurn it fell off the bottom of my car after I went over a bump.
I chose this keycase as a container for my spare care key. With the magnet it supposedly would adhere to iron or steel on the underside of the car. Unfortunately the magnet was not up to the job (it barely held), and I had to return the keycase. Magnet was useless.
HP 564 Inkjet Cartridges, Set of 4 (Black, Cyan, Magenta & Yellow) were not new, where recharged, HP printers do not work with recharged ink which is wrong. How can they do this, I thought there was a law against this. But this work help regular people so the government would never do something to help us. HP 564 Inkjet Cartridges, Set of 4 (Black, Cyan, Magenta & Yellow).
This product is such rubbish that I cannot believe that anyone would order it. The resulting words look like dried up squiggles that I can barely read. Straight to the can.
This is by far the most attractive printer I've seen. The flat black finish and collapsible output paper holders were nice touches. The cables run in the back and are nicely hidden. I ended up putting it with my entertainment electronics and it fit right in. Of course, the looks of a printer are pretty meaningless if it doesn't perform well. I've been using it for about a month now and have had very little to complain about. The copier works fine for me, and regular printing is effortless. Two-sided printing is a breeze. Although the printer is loaded with features, I have only used a few. Here is what I like (that I've used):* Paper tray holds a lot more paper than my previous printers. It also has an open panel in the front so you can tell how much paper is in the feeder. * Control panel has a tilt feature. * Installation was a snap. * Print speed is impressive. * Excellent photo printing. There aren't many I've found, but here are a few things I don't like:* Noisy. Even in quiet mode it is loud. Compared to a Brother all-in-one I have, it is much louder. Compared to a Canon Pixma, it is about the same. * Out of paper message. When you are out of paper the screen says you are either out of paper or have a paper jam. I wish it were smart enough to know the difference. * Shake it! I have this guy sitting on a cheap end table with plastic legs. This won't last too long. When I print it shakes the table like a belly dancer. Make sure you have a good solid non-slip surface to put it on. I like this printer. It been reliable and does all I've wanted it too. ** Update **Today, the printer decided it was done. It refuses to power up. Not sure what happened, it worked the previous night and when i come home today it is a goner. Elegant Look, Impressive Features.
opened immediately after delivery so it did NOT stand/store, leaked once all over and quit working altogether. I NEVER GOT TO USE IT AS IT NEVER WORKED. WORTHLESS WASTE OF MONEYTry the fiskar brand white gel pen--it works great. Except I cannot find one sold seperately--only as a pen set. But they are INexpensive and work GREAT. worthless.
As I said, it JUST looks better than plywood. This mat is the cheapest thing that I have ever seen, and I am not talking about the price. The mat came rolled up in a box that was about 10 inches square, so naturally I had to lay the mat out in the sun for about 6 hours to get the kinks out of it so it would lay flat.. Then when I sat in my desk chair the casters immediately sunk into the mat, and I could barely roll the chair around on the mat because it made ruts where ever I would roll it. The second day that I had it I submitted a request to return this junk. I will buy something better now. It just looks better than plywood!
Bought this for a very low pile home office carpet. As others have said, the chair wheels sink in, causing permanent depressions, The mat does not stay in place, but slides back and forth and sideways. If a wheel rolls off the edge trying to roll it back on the mat does not work - the mat edge turns up trapping the chair. Would not buy again.
This was a replacement for an cracked mat of identical dimensions for my home. It laid flat quickly, however it does NOT hold well in standard apartment carpet. At least 6 times a day I must move it back to where it belongs. Spend a little more and get one that has deeper nubs because this was a total waste of money. Did not have that plastic odor. NOT recommended. Sturdy.
I read the reviews and wish that I could enjoy the many 4 and 5 stars this printer receives. Out of the box it has not worked properly. Try to align the print cartridges and it fails each time. Customer service is no help - probably needs a new printer head. Out of the box a lemon and my mistake… didn't buy from Amazon. I buy 99% of my stuff from Amazon and this is why. Products are easy to return. I bought this printer on a whim from Staples. They get a 1/2 star. Bad service and because I didn't have all items with the box packaging they would not me return until I spent time with the manager. What a hassle. I recommend to buy a different printer and buy it from Amazon. Bad luck with this printer.
I bought a sharpie pain pen in black years ago and still have it and it works wonderfully. THESE NEW SHARPIE PAINTS ARE TRASH by comparison. Why? 1. The black and red ink runs, and the silver and gold shrinks to nothing under resin even after fully dried while the older brand did not do this and worked like a true artist quality tool. it ruin two of my pieces that I now have to re do. I hate this garbage. 2. The ink streaks and is not a solid opaque even after the marker tip is saturated with ink. 3. The formula seems like it's ONLY good for tagging. 4. THE TIPS FALL OUT!!! i was shocked that not one but all except the white tip fell out while trying to prime it and I was VERY careful in what I did. Ink got everywhere! I had to manually reinsert the tip, and even still it did not soak up the ink well enough to make an opaque non streaking line. 5. The red is pastel orange and looks disgusting. In summery if you are 13 and want to tag all over your schools bathroom to be a rebel buy this, because, it was actually made for you. If you want to work with a quality marker for art purposes that you'd like to be more permanent and flexible when mixing media, buy another brand! Even when NOT using resin this is a poor product as the ink is not good quality and the marker tips fall out as if you'd bought something very cheap. The gold is pretty, but getting it to work for you, well, good luck. Buy another brand. Sharpie FAILED big time on these pens. the on The color gets 1 star and the rest of the pen is junk BUY ANOTHER BRAND!!!
worthless junk. Should have just bought an OEM drum (which is what I ended up having to do anyways). This thing did not work straight out of the box Unit did not work brand new.
Bought this cartridge for a new Brother HL-2270DW. In less than 2 or 3 hundred pages the toner light started flashing and the printer refused to print. I did not believe that the cartridge could possibly be out of toner, so I searched the web and found the following instructions to reset the out of toner condition:===================- Open the front cover and leave open while completing the following steps. - Turn the printer off. - Hold the 'go' button (or "start' button) while turning the printer on. All panel lights should be on. - Release the 'go' button (or "start' button). - Press the 'go' button (or "start' button) 2 times. - Pause. All panel lights should be on. - Press the 'go' button (or "start' button) 5 times. The toner light should be off. (error may be flashing)The paper light should be on or flashing. - Close cover. The ready light should be the only light on. ====================The printer functioned fine after the reset. I have no idea how long the "fix" will last. A pox on companies that build devices like this. ====================ONE YEAR LATER April 16, 2013So I have had this printer for one year now and I must say, that except for the above problem, it has functioned flawlessly. In retrospect it has proved to be very cost effective and efficient. ====================ALMOST TWO YEARS LATER February 9, 2014Many readers have suggested that I should reconsider the one star review. I appreciate their point, especially as I am coming up on two years of ownership and the printer is still performing well. (Subject to an occasional reset. )But I just can't get passed what I take to be intentional misinformation by Brother to their customers causing them to buy unneeded toner. That just seems dishonest to me. But I will say this, if I were in the market for a similar printer I believe that the HL-2270DW would be a good choice as long as one knew about the bogus out of toner problem. I have received feedback from many people who have saved a lot of money by extending the life of their toner cartridges. For that reason more than any other I believe I will let the review stand. ====================ADDENDUM April 9, 2014Yesterday the printer decided that I should replace the drum. The drum light would flash and any attempt to print resulted in an error. The last prints looked excellent so I was not about to replace a good drum. I tried a drum reset but it did not work so I did a Brother HL-2270dw - Factory reset and now all is fine. This is how I did it:1. Turn off the printer. 2. Hold the GO button while you turn the printer on. Hold the button until all the LEDs light up and the Ready LED light turns off. 3. Release GO, all the LEDs will turn off. 4. Press GO ten times. The printer will now restart. Brother tries to force you to replace toner too soon.
Either my cartridge is defective or my printer is defective. I ordered from Amazon, not from a 3rd party. I wonder if I got a counterfeit product. Replace Toner light at about 200 pages.
I bought this as a replacement copier. All printer I have ever had I could use as a printer for your computer or by itself as a copier. This printer you can ONLY use with your computer. There was NO mention of this on the description before ordering or on the box when I received it. I learned about it when I set the printer up and found out there is no place to place my the document I wanted to print. It was very disappointing, especially since I will have to go to the expense of returning it. Information isn't complete.
quality isn't bad, but this thing wastes SO MUCH ink. it doesn't have an economy print feature, so you're going to end up shelling more on ink cartridges than is worth the quality, speed, and hardware. from a cost perspective, i was better off investing in a more expensive but longer lasting laser printer. don't get fooled by the price.
Owned 6 HP Printers over 20 year span… bought the HP Deskjet 952C WORKHORSE that LASTED almost 20 years of CONSTANT printing including photo printing and an 855C for my kids. Then I bought 4 more in the last 2 months that were ALL DEFECTIVE including this one!! Very familiar with these… what HP has done is make the printers cheaper and ink cartridges SMALLER so you pay for the printer, (IF it works for a few months), over and OVER again; it's a "MONEY THING" and people are buying these blindly without doing the research. **Please do yourself a favor and invest in an inexpensive LASER Printer instead that will be much more cost effective in the end. Really see what meets your needs and buy that one, not the cheapest one!! **~>GOOD LUCK!! CHEAP PIECE OF JUNK ~> DON'T BUY ~>PLEASE READ THIS:!!
Now I hate to give bad reviews but this DEFINITELY deserves ZERO stars! Terrible at printing letters, it never feeds correctly,I have to manually feed it one by one, what a time waster! And it always gets cut off on the left! When I tab everything over,it prints correctly and cuts off on the right! It can't take refilled inks, NO way so I have to buy genuine inks,and sometimes it thinks it's NOT! Sometimes the color will quitworking and you can't print unless you have both cartridges in! After using this for several months, the printer starts to printslooooowly I mean TEN minutes per page SLOW! It's a hit or miss. Sometimes it prints okay but then other times it'll take halfan hour to finish a print job! @ Thirty bucks you get what you pay for! The ink is also really expensive, after buying 2 packs you can buy a new"disposable" printer. Get a Brother instead, cheaper inks and easierto setup (especially wireless). I also have an HP 3000 and still tothis day can't get it to network wirelessly! WORST PRINTER EVER!
I've had this printer for over a year and it works fine,but the toners are just way too expensive. I paid $29. 99for this printer when it originally went on sale and, asI stated, it's a pretty OK light weight printer foreveryday stuff. No complaints there. I just bought a set of 61XL toners at the local big boxand they were $56. I was out of ink and didn't want towait. It's pretty ridiculous when the toner's almosttwice the price of the printer. This is a really poor deal for the consumer, so I willgive HP and their printer/toners a low rating ongeneral principle. upkeep is way too expensive.
I really wanted to like this unit. I've had other Canon printers and have had good luck with them. Unfortunately, this one couldn't even complete the setup process. It displayed an error message right out of the box. Canon tech support (which fortunately is in the US) advised that the print head carrier was not being released by the purge unit. This is apparently due to a manufacturing defect and is not user serviceable, so I'm returning the unit. DOA.
If you listen carefully, you can hear this huge machine singing to Saturday Night Fever Song "I will be jammin' YEAH! I will be jammin' YEAH! " and that is what it does. Out of about 10 print jobs of only 1 or 2 pages each, there was a paper jam on 9 of the print jobs. Some of the jams involved jamming more than once. It takes forever to reset and be ready to print again. I will be returning. I will add that the hardware and wireless set up was extremely easy. However, when I tried to set up for ePrint, I got the error "FAILED TO UPDATE" twice so I thought maybe I was doing something wrong so I called customer support and they said I was doing everything right, sometimes there server is just behind and/or having difficulties. Finally it did update and you can rename your printer with whatever email address you would like at the domain @hpeprint. com. This printer is larger than described in the Amazon listing because of the duplexer for two-sided copying and the paper tray. It is gigantic. The rep said it is so big because the print heads are separate from the print cartridges which will help save on ink costs. I will never know about that because I will not deal with all the ink and paper cost lost on all the paper jams. HP Rep said he would send me information on clearing jams as the paperwork that comes with the printer did not say much, but I didn't hear from the HP rep again. Good bye 8500A Pro! Don't let my door hit you in the Jammin' Mother with a LARGE footprint.
Oh how I despise this all in one machine. I've had it for over a year and will trash it soon because it's just so annoying. It eats ink and the ink is very expensive. You can not print even in black unless all the color ink cartridges are in. Scan to email function works well, but why can't I delete email addresses right from the screen? It's a major hassle to have to log in online and then delete or change your address book. why? I would NEVER recommend this printer to anyone. Don't buy it! It doesn't work nearly as well as my older Cannon. WORST ALL IN ONE EVER!!
HP Officejet Pro 8500A Plus Wireless e-All-in-One (CM756A#B1H)This is not my first HP printer but is the first one I got that was DOA. When I set up my printer for the first time, nothing I could do would make the sheet feeder, feed. I called tech support and went through basic trouble shooting with him. After he determined it was truly broken he arrange a swap out. He warned me that I would get a refurbished unit. I had no recourse as Amazon Vine supplied the unit and I knew they had no more. So I processed the request with the tech. The replacement printer arrived quickly and to my surprise it wasn't in a plain box. As a matter of fact it was a brand new printer and it all worked right out of the box. This was better than expected and overall a good experience using HP tech support. Now for the all-in-one printer. It is fairly fast at printing. That said, it's kind of noisy too. There always seems to be activity going on and it's noisy activity. Also, this printer jams more often than any other printer I've ever owned, mostly from the internal tray. I think there is, IMHO, a design flaw in the tray design. There is no tension bar to slide into place behind the paper stack. I think this lack of pressure at the rear of the paper lets it go slack over time and the result is a jam. I've never had a printer that didn't snug up the paper stack. The actual print quality is pretty good. Text is sharp and pictures are crisp. This is not a photo printer but if you use photo paper the results are very acceptable. It is a good mix of service. Still if you need excellent quality photos this is not the printer for you. This printer is a duplexing printer and will also photo copy in the duplex mode. This worked very well but I did get a jam once on a 30 page duplex test run. I did test some HP Premium Presentation Paper and the results using pictures and text was quite nice. I was very pleased with the resulting document. The touch display is large and easy to use, but sometimes I have to press twice to register the command. It also uses large ink cartridges which can be expensive, but you won't have to replace them as often as some. The prerequisite media readers are present too and work as expected. Overall this is a decent device but I can't give it a whole hearted recommendation. A nice bonus was my iPad could print to this printer starting mid-December. I consider it a mid-level performer and not really up to the HP standards of the past. Update: July 8, 2011It jams and jams and jams. I rerate this to a one star printer. Stay away. Sorry HP. Disappointed. Update: November 8, 2011After the last firmware update the jamming problem has reduced. You could blow me over with a feather to believe software would fix a jamming issue. I'd still say avoid this one. I saw the new 8600 at a Staples store. They redesigned it with a normal removable paper tray. It has an adjustable brace at the rear of the paper. LIKE IT SHOULD HAVE HAD ON THIS ONE!!! Not up to the HP standards of the past.
I have owned this product since it's release and I have waited and continue to wait for HP to actually work out the kinks and make this product live up to it's potential. Years after initial purchase the software is still buggy as heck, as you update your operating software for your computer HP does not release updates in a timely fashion, and the worst issue of all is the wireless printing feature has a mind of it's own. Some days it works, other days it does not. I have trouble shot it to the point where I can definitively say that it is not my network connection or any other variable that is on the users end. Due to the fact that HP refuses to release an update making the printer compatible with the newest version of Apple's operating system I have had to use backdoor means in which to print and scan, more often than not resorting to using a printer cable to print and scan. Nearly $400 after initial purchase and I can't even print wirelessly. BUY WITH CAUTION. On a brighter note this printer and it's flaws since day one have made me more resolute than ever in not purchasing another product made by HP or their subsidiaries. It really is a terrible product; moreover, a terrible company that produces shoddy products that are an insult to the consumer and common decency. This is not my first go-around with an HP product but it will be the last. So bad it's appauling.
The ink I bought was "Sold by Quantum Electronics, Inc. and Fulfilled by Amazon. " It came without the retail box, with some BS note about not shipping the box is protecting the environment. The importance of the box, though, is that it contains the EXPIRATION DATE for the cartridges. No box means you can't know how old the ink is. Is this their way of selling expired ink cartridges? They don't give you the information you need to know. I should have spent a couple of bucks more and bought the ink at Target. No box? Why not?
I had one of these for over a year and it was the worst printer I have ever had or seen. Oh, it printed OK. Photo's look nice, fairly fast & easy to setup the wifi wireless connection. It's the ink consumption that ticks me off! I bought it because it has separate cartridges for each color thinking I could just replace what ever color ran out first. Wrong. First set of ink cartridges was gone in no time even though I hardly printed anything. Figured it was because they were the ones that came with it and HP was just being cheap by sending ink cartridges with it that were only half, or less, full. It wouldn't let me just replace the black and keep printing text pages either. No, it had to have all of them replaced. I bet I didn't get a dozen pages printed with it over a 3 to 4 month period and it was out of ink. ALL of the cartridges were empty! And I didn't even print a single photo, only text pages. I got one more set and put in it. This time I shut it down when I wasn't printing something. Didn't matter. Every time it was turned on it ran a full head cleaning cycle before it would print. I even put the extra large black cartridge in it but that didn't matter. It used the Photo Black for text printing. And guess what? In less than 4 months every cartridge was empty even though I only used it a few time to print something. Except for the extra large black, it was still over half full but the thing wouldn't print anything with the other ones empty. This is the first printer that I retired before it was actually broken. I wonder if it was intentional by HP to make money selling ink cartridges? After this one, I'm never buying another HP printer again. Worst printer ink addict ever, DO NOT BUY!
I received the scale and tested it. It worked fine plugged in. Then I noticed the battery compartment door was gone and n where in the box. I want to be able to use the battery feature if needed. Without a door to keep the battery in place it would be difficult to do. I returned it for a full refund and ended up getting one at a local big box store. poor quality.
I purchased this because I wanted a faster laser printer. First of all it comes with very poor installation instructions. Pictures in a book. I managed to get the printer together and install the prin cartridge. The problem arose when I put the windows operating disc in the computer. My computer suddenly made a :( face and indicated it had run into a problem. I hav not been able to get my computer online or access the Internet. This machin is going back to th store. I bought it only 3 days ago. Hopefully HP support will be able to get me back online. If you have a 2 year old computer and run windows 8 do not buy this. I am extremely disappointed 1536 caused my hp computer to crash.
Did not work with my brand new iMac (Mountain Lion). Being returned. Not sure why it works with some iMacs and not others. I tried the advice that other Mac owners have left here for installing this device, with no luck. iMac 27 Mountain Lion NO GO.
I bought this for my office and it's easy to assemble, but very unstable and rickety. I just put it in the corner and try not to touch it. Not great for everyday use as the hinges come off easily. It's definitely not sturdy. Oh well… I should have gone and bought a good one at the store. Not sturdy!
These toner are not compatible as they claim to be. They plain DO NOT WORK. I am attempting to return them and will update this review with the results. edit, 6/18/13 - The seller has given me a full refund. They asked which model of printer I use. I use an hp 1102w. Perhaps they are working on compatibility but these units did not work in my 1102w. Cheers to the supplier for a painless refund process. THESE ARE NOT COMPATIBLE WITH HP 1102W - DO NOT BUY - Seller gave me a refund.
I ordered this size and had no idea they were so small. Unless you are mailing out a pair of earrings or some small jewelry that's not in a box, this mailer is a complete waste of money. Be warned. Completely useless.
The price point of this wide format MFP was too low to resist. I was able to get rid of my old fax machine and my temperamental HP wide format inkjet and combine them into one machine, freeing up much needed space in my office. Free up space, it most certainly did, but the benefits of owning this frustrating piece of technology ends there. As for large format printing, this puppy sure handles paper up to 13x19, POORLY. If you're lucky enough to get the paper to feed without jamming or trying to grab ten sheets at once, it usually feeds crooked and prints everything on the page at an angle. Then, when it gets to the bottom of the page, it freaks out and tries to suck back the freshly printed page back into the printer for some reason. At best, this rips the bottom of the page. At worst, it feeds the page back in so far as to jam the print heads that are still flying back and forth. Printing 13x19 is a great function, but only if it works. This machine literally has a 10% success rate with large format paper. Printing on regular sized paper can be frustrating as well, as this printer likes to feed multiple sheets at once, or none at all. Reposition the paper in the tray, and it may then print or jam up on you. Depends on its mood. Trying to print wirelessly? Sure it has the function, but you will wait FOREVER for this thing to start printing a page. When it does finish printing, each page is shot out the front of this thing like a clown being shot out of a cannon at the Circus. Forget to flip up that paper tray "stop" at the end of the tray and you'll end up with freshly printed pages all over the floor of your office. Copying, Scanning, and Faxing is handled fairly well, except for the fact that you have to use the touch screen interface to enter the numbers. Another exercise in frustration. The touchscreen key-pad is really fussy and either doesn't respond to your touch at all or responds by entering two or three numbers rather than just the one you're trying to press. Frustrating. Once you get the number entered, faxes go through as expected, though the paper feeder is louder than any other I've heard anywhere. If you can actually get this thing to print a page correctly, the print quality is quite nice, as expected. However getting this thing to work on a regular basis over the last year of having it has been an exercise in frustration. I am writing this while researching a replacement for this machine. Can't wait for the day I get to throw it on the trash heap. I generally like HP printers, but this one is a total dud. Printing is a Frustrating Ordeal, Especially Large Format.
I gave this ink a one star, because it was shipped in a padded envelope, with the cap off and the aluminum seal on the bottle came loose and ink went all over inside of the envelope - I had to just throw it away - What a mess! Poor method of Shipping.
I bought this for my daughter and it broke after 13 months. The machine gave us a error code and it means something has to be replaced. The D420 wasn't used very much and I am extremely disappointed with this POS. Since I paid less than $120 for it, I will be donating it to charity rather than sending it back to Canon for repair. My time is too valuable. D420 is definitely not recommended. 12/1/2012- updateThe error code is E225. Google Canon E225 and see how many hits you will see. It is not just the D420 having this problem. Other Canon models also have the same problem. POS. Lousy quality.
I tried using multiple hosts and everything else I could the of, now here is the part where I tell you guys what my skills are so no one will think that I must be dumb because I could not setup a printer… I have been working on computers for 4 days, well make that five since it's past midnight in my time zone… I eventually donated this guy to the Salvation Army, I always shoot my gear to the Salvation Army assume its something they want… I hate to say it, I always buy hp, this unit caused me all sorts of issues.
I purchased this because I needed a duplex, wireless printer. Unfortunately, despite having successfully at least 4 other non-computer devices to my wireless network in the past year or so, I was unable to get this printer connected. To do the wireless setup, you're supposed to first connect the printer using either a USB cable or a network cable. I tried it both ways, but although setup said that the printer (sometimes) detected my wireless network, it never successfully connected to it; the diagnostics always either said I had the wrong wireless security type, or that the network couldn't be connected. Well, I tried changing my WiFi setup to about 4 different types of security and no luck. Just for fun I also tried configuring the printer through its web interface; although I could (sometimes) reach the printer that way, and could fiddle with the wireless settings there too, once again, no luck connecting. I think I attempted to set up the printer on my Wi-Fi about 8 times, each time trying something a little different, before I decided to throw in the towel and send it back. I figured I had tried enough different things that calling support would be a waste of time. The only other item worth noting is that when the printer was warming up and preparing to print, the lights in the room dimmed briefly, so it's obviously sucking a lot of power occasionally. This didn't happen with my old laser printer, or with the new one I eventually got after returning this dud. Multiple attempts at wireless setup all failed.
The set-up and print quality was as expected for its price range. I was not able to set-up the WiFi as it could not be detected despite multiple attempts and configurations. The LAN connection worked well at first and then was mysteriously lost and could not be reconnected. Finally had to switch to the USB connection which worked as expected. Overall a disappointed for a tech savvy person. Loses wifi connection.
We've gone through two TN-450 ($45) cartridges with this printer and we've found that we get at most 600 pages (often with images) out of the alleged 2,600 TN-450 cartridges. Not only that, the printer drum is only good for 10,500 pages! This is an excellent printer for very occasional use. If you are a student, or parent of students, however, you should NOT buy this printer. It will cost around $450 a year to own it. Instead consider something like the HL-6180DW, a bit more to purchase, but far more economical and longer lasting. With the 2270DW Brother has figured out how to turn a low cost laser printer into a high consumable cost ink jet printer. That's a sad innovation. This is a very expensive printer - 600 pages for $45.
Neverending nightmare. From the beginning it has been the most trying piece of equipment we've had. It's disconnected itself from the wireless network. The steps it takes to reconnect, you have to be a marathon athlete. Let's say it somehow prints, occasionally if you connect the USB port. The blooming rollers will not scoop up the copy paper. Rather, they just spin and spin, squeaking and squawking, sucking up electricity (guzzling it) humming along like an electric train, with nothing to show for it. And that's IF IF IF it's in the mood the print via USB. Just. Don't. Do. It. sucking up electricity (guzzling it) humming along like an electric train.
Bought this Brother HL-2270DW less than 30 days ago. Within 2 days I replaced the starter cartridge with a new TN-420 thinking I would hold the starter cartridge in reserve. In less than 2 or 3 hundred pages the toner light started flashing and the printer refused to print. I did not believe that the cartridge could possibly be out of toner, so I searched the web and found the following instructions to reset the out of toner condition:===================- Open the front cover and leave open while completing the following steps. - Turn the printer off. - Hold the 'go' button (or "start' button) while turning the printer on. All panel lights should be on. - Release the 'go' button (or "start' button). - Press the 'go' button (or "start' button) 2 times. - Pause. All panel lights should be on. - Press the 'go' button (or "start' button) 5 times. (I have been told to press 6 times for the TN-450 cartridge. )The toner light should be off. (error may be flashing)The paper light should be on or flashing. - Close cover. The ready light should be the only light on. ====================The printer functioned fine after the reset. I have no idea how long the "fix" will last. A pox on companies that build devices like this. ====================ONE YEAR LATER April 16, 2013So I have had this printer for one year now and I must say, that except for the above problem, it has functioned flawlessly. In retrospect it has proved to be very cost effective and efficient. ====================ALMOST TWO YEARS LATER February 9, 2014Many readers have suggested that I should reconsider the one star review. I appreciate their point, especially as I am coming up on two years of ownership and the printer is still performing well. (Subject to an occasional reset. )But I just can't get passed what I take to be intentional misinformation by Brother to their customers causing them to buy unneeded toner. That just seems dishonest to me. But I will say this, if I were in the market for a similar printer I believe that the HL-2270DW would be a good choice as long as one knew about the bogus out of toner problem. I have received feedback from many people who have saved a lot of money by extending the life of their toner cartridges. For that reason more than any other I believe I will let the review stand. ====================ADDENDUM April 9, 2014Yesterday the printer decided that I should replace the drum. The drum light would flash and any attempt to print resulted in an error. The last prints looked excellent so I was not about to replace a good drum. I tried a drum reset but it did not work so I did a Brother HL-2270dw - Factory reset and now all is fine. This is how I did it:1. Turn off the printer. 2. Hold the GO button while you turn the printer on. Hold the button until all the LEDs light up and the Ready LED light turns off. 3. Release GO, all the LEDs will turn off. 4. Press GO ten times. The printer will now restart. ====================ADDENDUM July 3, 2014I recently bought another HL-2270DW. It is a great printer as long as you know the caveats discussed above. Brother wants to sell you toner whether you need it or not.
There are hundreds of reviews that give this device 5 stars and which led me to make the purchase. However, I give it 1 star as it relates specifically to me and my experience with this adapter. I intended to use this as a backup for the Ooma that I use in my office located behind my house. Let me just say that after having made some tests it would be like using a donkey-drawn cart as a backup for a Rolls Royce. After making all the required connections, the User Guide explains that in order to use this device the called party must have one of these Obi's as well. None of my friends, relatives or others that I know personally are in possession of this gadget. Therefore this feature is useless to me. Strike one. Although Google Voice is available without this Obi, and I have used it without this Obi, I decided to give it a shot with the Obi just to satisfy my curiosity. The service is actually operable but the connection is very noisy and there is a voice delay which is quite irritable. Using Google voice without any tie in to Obi provides a much better connection. Therefore this feature is useless to me. Strike two. I toyed with the idea of trying to make some type of contact with the vendor to see if some of the problems could be resolved. Then I noticed that there are many reviewers who failed at any attempt to receive support. These reviewers, along with other reviewers who had any negative remarks, received a "Comment" from someone who parrotted the same exhortation to everyone that they should make the same contacts that had already been assured to be a total failure. No helpful information was dispensed just a routine gesture with useless advice. I decided not to waste any further time with Obi. Strike three. Yer out! Not For Me.
I just purchased this device through nettalk duo website& before I bought it I called the sales dept. twice to ask if you could talk unlimited hours with no charge & they said you can talk unlimited hours in the US & Canada. So I bought it. Then after I received the device I called customer service dept. & asked about the unlimited hours & they said there was a limit of 4000 hrs. a month & then I am sure they would bill you extra. Anyway since I was lied to twice I am returning the device because I was mislead just so they can make a sale. To say I am really pissed off is an understatement. buyer beware.
this looks like a great little product: a nice, heavy duty binder w/a rear sleeve pocket and a forward, bungee-slipped expandable pocket… however, you don't get any pre-punched pages to get you started, and in my case, the binder arrived BROKEN (the lower pop-rivet that was supposed to anchor the punched rings was loose, allowing the rings to flop uselessly around inside… now, i'm trying to think of all the thousands of binders i've picked up and purchased over the last 40 years, and i don't think i've ever seen ONE with that defect! pity… Wanted to like - but arrived broken!
Machine failed after less than 2 months and no Amazon protection left. Just great. Don't waste your money on this dud. I only got about 4000 pages out of it. Not worth wasting your time on this one. Plus the price has doubled since I purchased this. Boo. COMPLETE FAILURE AFTER 4000 PAGES/2 MONTHS USE.
Bought a Brother HL-2270DW less than 30 days ago. Within 2 days I replaced the starter cartridge with a new TN-420 thinking I would hold the starter cartridge in reserve. In less than 2 or 3 hundred pages the toner light started flashing and the printer refused to print. I did not believe that the cartridge could possibly be out of toner, so I searched the web and found the following instructions to reset the out of toner condition:===================- Open the front cover and leave open while completing the following steps. - Turn the printer off. - Hold the 'go' button (or "start' button) while turning the printer on. All panel lights should be on. - Release the 'go' button (or "start' button). - Press the 'go' button (or "start' button) 2 times. - Pause. All panel lights should be on. - Press the 'go' button (or "start' button) 5 times. The toner light should be off. (error may be flashing)The paper light should be on or flashing. - Close cover. The ready light should be the only light on. ====================The printer functioned fine after the reset. I have no idea how long the "fix" will last. A pox on companies that build devices like this. ====================ONE YEAR LATER April 16, 2013So I have had this printer for one year now and I must say, that except for the above problem, it has functioned flawlessly. In retrospect it has proved to be very cost effective and efficient. Brother wants to sell you toner whether you need it or not.
Oh, it works fine, as advertised, but I just can't see a need for this. Plus, cost-wise, it isn't an economical way to use such tape. So, just another needless gadget to clutter up one's life, in my opinion. Why?
When this arrived, I thought it would be the perfect thing to keep in my craft area for when I'm wrapping gifts AND to keep it so my kids don't tear off more than they need. Each piece of tape is the same size and pre-cut. They sort of pop-up like facial tissue. However, nothing I tried (short of glue) kept the dispenser stuck to the surface. I tried glass, laminate, marble, plastic and porcelain to see if I could get it to get enough suction to stay. It might stick for a second, but then when you go to pull off another piece, it pops right off. If you wanted, you could glue this down, but why bother? Just "stick" with the regular tape dispensers for now, this one needs a design overhaul. Nothing about it is helpful.
I can imagine a committee of marketing guys struggling all night to come up with something new. Finally they invent the Pop-Up tape dispenser and go home but they have wasted their time. Its only advantage is that the strips of tape are pre-cut, the idea is that you pull out the next one from the cartridge and whack it on. But the dispenser did not work for me. When I pulled the first tape out, nothing came out of the slot to replace it. And trying to fix this was a pain. I gave up in disgust. My advice: stay with the old style spools of tape. Not a great product.
When I bought this chair I did so because it was advertised as "Leather". I've been buying leather furniture for over 30 years -I'm not an expert and when the chair arrived I thought the leather was fine. A comment left on this review made me raise an eyebrow and take a closer look. Joining me was a long time friend who spent his career with Natuzzi leather. It's absolutely NOT leather. Research on the Net confirms that fake leather has become so hard to distinguish from real that the majority of even knowledgeable consumers can't tell the difference. Here's a quote from ehow dot com. "There is nothing more infuriating then paying big bucks for leather furniture or clothing and realizing you have been duped when it is too late. There is a real racket for faux leather and sometimes you can't tell for sure what you are paying for. "ehow. comI contacted the seller who in turn contacted the manufacturer and I was told it was Bonded Leather. Bonded leather is made from ground up scraps of leather, mixed with a polymer and pressed in a mold to make the grain. It doesn't perform, breath, last or age like leather because it isn't leather. There's nothing wrong with advertising a piece of furniture as "Bonded Leather" it can look great and costs a fraction of a simmilar item made of real leather. However it's deceiving to advertise this chair as leather. "Soft Touch" leather is what we in Advertising call "weasel words". They're marketing phrases and they're meaningless. You want to see "100% Leather" " Genuine Leather" or the nature of the Hide such as "Lamb Skin" printed on the label. No label? it's not leather. The Mechanism. The height adjustment lever is easy to use and silent. To adjust the back a lever would have been a nice touch and they're certainly more convenient to use. Instead there's a tension knob under the seat which you have to turn to adjust how far the back will lean and how much give it will have. So expect to get in and out of the chair multiple times to get the sitting position you want. AssemblyOver the past 30 years, I must have assembled a dozen of these. They're never effortless. The chair comes with clear directions and a small Allen Wrench, grab a Phillips head screwdriver and you're good to go. Expect to spend around an hour putting it together - leave final tightening of all screws until you're finished. Because so many of the screws are driven into plastic be careful not to over tighten and avoid using an electric drill with a Phillips bit or electric screwdriver as I have no doubt you'll strip the threads. Build Quality. Not very sturdy - there is movement and give where you would rather it be sound and solid. But it's far from terrible and pretty much a non issue. The Bottom Line. If this was a leather chair it would be a sensational value. For a Fake leather chair this is anything but. Comparable chairs sell both on and off Amazon for around $79 - $129. The selling of this chair is an example of "Bait and Switch" I won't accept that - not on any level. I'll be returning the chair. Fake Leather - Fraudulant Advertising - Poor Value.
Dear Stapler,You fit so snugly in the palm of my hand. You were such a quirky rebel, refusing to unhinge and staple straight and storing your staples in a slider -- upside down. You were nothing like the staplers I've known before. And then the cranky lady from room 507 came to the desk to check out. I stapled her folio to her registration card and you gave such a satisfying, violent-tinged snap. I smiled as I handed over her copy of the folio, congratulating myself on not stapling her lips to her eyelids. Without you, most beloved of staplers, that transaction might have gone so wrong. And then you turned on me. Your slider would pop out with no warning, spilling your staples to the floor. Then when I asked you to staple more than 9 sheets of paper, you failed me altogether. I can't accept such frivolity, stapler, such poor workmanship. I'm afraid now I must return to the staid staplers of my youth. Fare Thee Well, Once Fair Stapler.
I'm using this stapler to replace a traditional Swingline 747 Stapler that vanished from my office desk a few months ago. I really believed that a metal stapler was the best kind of stapler to to survive use and abuse, but was willing to give a smaller, lighter stapler a chance for my precious desk real estate. The PaperPro Evo Compact works well and with minimal effort that is indeed much like a Staple Gun in how rapidly it staples paper. Its size too makes it portable, so it would be an option for someone who needs a portable stapler, but doesn't want to use one of those cute, but useless-because-mini-staples-are-so-hard-to-find-mini-staplers. Update: I tried taking this stapler with me in my messenger bag and found that just a short trip from apartment to car, car to office, rendered it unusable. Nothing happens now when I try to staple. I have plenty of staples in it and other than the bottom that slides out to add staples, there is no way to take it apart to see what is wrong. I don't recommend this stapler. Small, but Powerful Stapler. Also, Apparently Too Delicate.
I didn't like this tape gun at all. The tape roll when placed on the dispenser is way up there, higher than my other tape gun. I like to use my thumb to hold the tape to give it tension when sealing boxes and the roll is so high that my thumb cannot reach it. If you have small hands you might want a smaller, less heavy one. Tape placement is wrong.
it was a lot less expensive than the Canon brand but it only worked for a few copies than it stopped making copies. cheaper ink.
I followed the instruction the ink came with but the printer was reading low ink. The computer did not recognize the ink either so I had to return the ink and by Canon ink. Didn't Work For Me.
Update: I had previously given this a five star review, but after two months the stapler jammed shut and would not open, no matter what I did. It had jammed a number of times previously but could always be opened. I loved using this stapler, but breaking so quickly makes me drop my rating a ton. Staplers aren't supposed to be noticed. They are just supposed to be available when you want them, not break, and put staples through papers. I must say that every time I've used this stapler since I got it to review over a month ago, I take notice. The Swingline SmartTouch is a joy to use. With light two-finger pressure, it punches a staple consistently through small stacks of paper. I haven't had to have a single re-staple. I haven't had to put any thought to stapling; I just put the paper in, push the top, and the stapler seems to staple itself. Refilling the stapler is easy, and I haven't had any problems with that either. It's probably because I have only had super cheap, old-fashioned staplers my whole life, but I love this. And at the price that it is currently selling for (just under ten bucks), no brainer if you need to replace or purchase a stapler. Updated: Broke Quickly.
There are no instructions included which makes getting started more difficult. The first problem is loading the staples. A little flag shows to push on the back end to load staples. I succeeded in pushing the knob too hard and it came off. After I made a few more attempts, I took it to a professional, an administrative assistant. She knew what to do but also found it hard to get this opener button to work. She pushed the flagged button and somehow the front staple area opened up. We were both surprised! In an attempt to load staples, she found a entire row (as staples come packaged) would not fit. She broke the strip in half and was able to slide the staples in. She picked up a small stack of papers and gave it a go. She said it was easy to work. Relieved, I returned to my office. When I tried to test it on a stack of about 10 papers, it did not staple and the staple area came open again. I threw it in my desk drawer. Trying it again will wait for another day. So far, not so good. Not a typical Swingline quality product.
I'm updating this review months later and downgrading the star rating. It's been my auxiliary stapler but soon will be sidelined completely. The last few times I've refilled staples, the mechanism has not worked properly. It sticks going in -- and out. Moreover, the thing pops open at the least provocation. The more I look at this thing, the more I see how badly it is designed. ----My current desk stapler is at least 35 years old. It's just a standard metal stapler. But, with one exception, I find much to commend it over this Swingline SmartTouch. My current stapler:1. is smaller and more compact; the Swingline is 2 inches longer and 2 inches higher. 2. sits solidly on my desk; the Swingline is less stable (but more comfortable if you're squeezing with your hand) and therefore a bit cumbersome. It doesn't sit upright reliably, toppling over with the least provocation, so I rest it on its side. That means I must examine it each time I use it, to make sure I'm inserting the papers at the right end. 3. is metal-colored; the Swingline is a dulle3d Pepto-Bismol pink, easy to find on a cluttered desk but not my favorite color. 4. doesn't spit out the staple-loading portion at the least provocation. The Swingline's one advantage for me: It easily staples 25 sheets. My old stapler poops out about halfway through 15 sheets, even if I use the heel of my hand to press down with a good degree of force. Because I rarely staple together more than a few sheets, though, I don't anticipate the Swingline replacing Old Faithful. Staples 25 sheets with ease; awkward handling.
I'll agree the ink itself is exceptionally smooth, but there seems to be a problem with the ball bearing tip. Perhaps it's due to the extreme angle at which I tend to hold my pen and the rhythm of my stroke, but these pens simply made a mess when I tried to write with them. The ink is "slippery" and actually globbed in puddles as I wrote; the output was equally bad, whether writing in cursive or printing in block letters. Judging from the many other positive reviews here, I suspect it could be the shallowness of my writing angle. Perhaps, if you hold your pen upright, this would not be an issue. But for my writing style, these are a no-go--the finished notes are sloppy and unusable. No point in writing what you can't read later! I Wanted to Like This Pen.
This pen may be the "smoothest pen in the universe" because the ink comes out like it is made of oil. It oozes, clumps, blots and smears. It creates a mess. It's the kind of pen that you find, thinking someone has lost it until you write with it and discover that they just didn't bother to pick it up. I like most pens. I like Bic pens. I do not like this pen. Not this pen.
Part of having a pen is that, you know, the ink flows so it can write. Every time, till the ink is gone. The BIC "Velocity" (must be ironic, that name) Gel pen fails miserably on this requirement. I don't know if the tip gets clogged, or what, but these pens have never worked properly even new out of the box, and i end up nearly scratching thru the paper with illegible "start and stop" writing. Very frustrating, considering they clearly have ink in them Worst Pen Ever. I had a whole box of these turkeys, which went straight into the garbage. (and Yes, i did remove the plastic tip… maybe that's the problem - that whatever they're using is somehow still clogging the ink flow… sounds like you need to go back to the lab, Bic Boys. ) Worst. Pen. Ever.
My girlfriend said these are not only the LEAST absorbent product she's ever used, she said the thin barrel provides NO protection against heavy flow and doesn't fit the contours of her body! She's going to stick with traditional products and leave these pens where they belong: in the trash! Not Useful For A Woman's Needs.
Be still my fragile, feminine fingers - BIC has created a pen just for women… huh? Women's pens? Yes, it appears even pens need to be gendered these days. Sure, there are plenty of products that are better when designed specifically for women. Life vests come to mind as I'm now taking sailing lessons - they don't fit people with breasts! But pens? Are women's hands really so small and frail that they need a thinner pen? I beg to differ, but then again I'm a pianist so maybe my hands developed into gargantuan man-hands due to years of practice. Nice uber-stereotypical touch to make the pens pink, and pastel green and blue. The pens actually felt quite noticeably thinner to me, which felt off. Maybe they would be great for children? Infantilization of women anyone? Are gendered pens really neccesary?
Wow, I can't believe BiC can get away with making such a ridiculous product. I wish there was a &#34;remove this item&#34; from Amazon button. Sham on you BiC, this is not 1956. Un-freaking-believeable.
There is nothing special about these pens. They are regular, cheap Bic pens that come in pastel colors that supposedly appeal to women. The pen also seems skinnier than regular Bic pens, and I am not sure why that is supposed to appeal to women or to men for that matter, because I think the pens are kind of uncomfortable to hold. I prefer the slightly thicker pens personally. Don't waste the extra money on these. Nothing spectacular.
Horrible pencil sharpener, doesn't work, all it does is break off the tips. You get what you pay for. Terrible. Don't waste your money.
I bought this for my kids, my daughter has homework and needs pencils, so I didn't at the time have the money to pay 30 dollars for a built in sharpener. When this was delivered I was disappointed right then. This is like 3 pieces, the sharpener, is inside the black piece and somehow it fell out and I couldn't get it back in, no idea how it worked. Which was okay, for a short time I was able to hold the tiny left over piece until that went missing because it was so small.. I won't be buying one of these again, and I don't recommend.. Worst sharpener.
I am very picky about my staplers and I hate this one. It is very cheap feeling--lightweight plastic and has an annoying rebound after each staple. I recommend you look at this stapler instead:Swingline LightTouch Compact Reduced Effort Stapler (66412) cheap.
Edit 7/13: I have learned that you must use these pens at least a few times or they completely dry up. I recently discovered that the 1/2 box I hadn't used were all completely dead. However, the pens I had been using still worked fine. _________________________________________________________________This is a more pricey pen than I normally use. I wish I could tell you they're worth all the extra dollars. There's nothing wrong with them, they write fine & feel quite nice. They're certainly miles beyond the usual 25 cent pens at the dollar store. I have had better pens for less $'s , though. I have no clue what the benefit of gel vs ink is, I may be missing something there! 1 Note that I don't believe anyone else has mentioned: 10 of my 12 pens had a small piece of glue on the point that must be removed before the pen will work. I assume it's there to stop the gel from drying out. I only mention it as the packaging makes no mention of it & it takes just enough force/effort to remove the glue that i was initially concerned it might damage the pen (it doesn't harm the pen & I now believe the glue is intentional). The box that holds the pens also arrived pretty smashed, but it didn't damage the pens. If this is your normal price point for pens, I have nothing bad to say about their performance. Edit 7/16/11: I've now been using these for a few weeks & my opinion has changed. I have crummy handwriting & these are not nearly as precise as a ballpoint, so it exaggerates my handwriting problem. I would not purchase them. Reasonably Nice But Not Precise; Limited Shelf Life.
November 2013. Nice phone. But returned. One fatal flaw. There is a delay when using dial/number keys. I refuse to pay good money for a phone that has this flaw. My old AT&T; cordless speakerphone system has no delay when pressing dial keys/numbers. Hey, AT&T. ; Can't you make/market/sell phones that have the same features - or better- then previous phones? This phone Is a step backwards. I still have my older AT&T; EP5995 phone systems that is far superior to this phone. My guess is that AT&T; has basically given up on cordless home phones and is now just marketing junk phones and by doing so diluting the AT&T; brand name. This phone was returned and money back. Delay on keypad when dialing telephone number.
I bought this phone to be used for personal and business use the recorder quit working and I was now without a phone. would not recommend this phone had 2 of them neither worked did not work.
Bought these phones because the ones I had from Uniden for about 10 years finally went bye-bye. I use the phones several times a day for long periods and have never had a problem with the battery running low to soon or losing signal. **UPDATE** 12/03/2013I bought these phones on October 7th, 2013 and just started having battery problems with 2 of the phones. I called the 800 number listed for them and they tell me they can't send me new batteries for the phones. I will not buy from AT&T; again. I will keep these phones until the go completely out and buy better ones from somewhere else. Don't Recommend.
I purchased this because I was so happy with its predecessor, the HL-2140, that I "ran into the ground. " But o'm'gosh, what a disappointment! It comes with the lower-volume TN-420 cartridge, but that printed less than 1,000 copies of the 1,500 it's rated for (and I use the "toner save" setting most of the time because of printing mostly text versus graphics). I replaced it with the higher-volume TN-450 cartridge, and streaks are a constant problem. The online recommended remedy for streaks is to replace the drum - hmmm, did you mean a 1-month old drum? Also, I print black and gray bold text a lot, and no matter how much I lighten the gray, everything looks black. Problems within the first month. . .
These are a good idea and tried using them on the wall but as soon as you put a few things in them they fall off the wall, the sticky tape just doesn't hold well enough. I wanted to use them for gift cards and for mail sorting but it is a big fail when they can't stay on the wall, the only way to keep them on the wall is to use something else like maybe a large tack. The sticking ability really needs improved on these. Nice idea but won't stay in place.
This phone is perfection. It announces the calls, has clear and loud amplification. The buttons are big, the phone lights up when it rings and when you dial, it announces the numbers you are pressing. It has a very clear caller ID display. I have mine mounted on my kitchen wall and it fits the standard plate and mounting screws. This is a wonderful phone for all. It stores numbers in a phone book and does everything a phone should do plus it has all of the features needed by people who have either a hearing or visual impairment. It is very comfortable to hold and ergonomically designed. I originally gave this a 5-star review, but after using it since February 2013. I am sad to report that the batteries wear ou in less than a day. I even have an extra set of rechargeable batteries in a charger ready for when the phone dies on me. Today two important phones calls were lost because the batteries died in the middle of placing an order for gifts and then in the middle of discussions about my homeowner's and auto insurance. I called the company and they said they were sending me some new batteries. I think this will not solve the problem and am really sad that this phone tuned out to be unacceptable after such a short period of time, but just long enough for the warranty to expire. I updated my review on June 30, 2014. My initial review that was favorable was written in March 2013. Easy to Use, Easy to Hear, Attractive, but doesn't withstand the test of time.
Sung to the tune of You should be dancing, yeah! , thisSamsung Color Laser Printer (CLP-325W)starts singing as soon as it is powered on "I will be jammin' yeah! I will be jammin, yea! "As if that isn't bad enough, the wireless connection is very limited so to set up and change settings, one has to haul it to your pc and connect via usb. Mine has lost its settings for some unknown reason 4 times and I had to re-set it up and like I set the wireless setup is awful. Unlike other wireless printers that let it and your wireless router find each other, this one has to be connected via usb to your pc for setup and to change settings. it is heavy and takes forever to power on. I can tell it to black and white print, and it will look like it accepted and is going to do it, but when I look at the page it printed, it is in color. how do I hate thee? let me count the ways… samsung customer support also you might get someone who knows about printers and pcs or you might get a telephone support person who has never even seen a computer printer or one that can not pronounce english well enough that you are wondering if they are speaking a foreign languageMy computer has this printer listed multiple times and I can delete down to just one printer and more will magically re-appear. This has never happened to me with any other printer and is not happening with my other printers. The only thing I like about this printer is imagining throwing it out of my 3rd floor window onto the hard cement below. I will be jammin' - yeah! I will be jammin' - yeah!
Worked ok for the first few months. Now I get really bad color prints. I have researched it on the net with mixed results. Samsung has few real troubleshooting resources. I paid $89. 00 with free shipping. Its not worth that. Steer clear.
I had the MX700 Canon prior to their scamming me through their loyalty program when it broke down to buy this one with alleged "free shipping" and a discount of which I would pay more than on Amazon. Turns out it wasn't free shipping at all and the total was $139 giving me with about what I'd pay with free shipping on Amazon. The sales person also lied this printer was smaller then my former printer as another sales point. The MX700 was far superior to this model, they have stripped the printer's software interface of many of the great features the MX700 had forcing me to use computer settings for scanning that is often very time consuming and repetitive. It used to be I could choose all the necessary features from the printer itself, but they reduced the choices and none of them work without adjustments on a computer. It really stinks to high heaven, their engineers must be knuckleheads. This printer is a little slower then the MX700 and it's bottom paper tray has less paper feed while they worked on improving their backside paper feed. The improvements they attempted to make on this printer are all usefulness and illusory, nothing of any real value when you're in a hurry and need a PDF scanned for a client to email. This is just a disaster printer, and believe me I was all ready to like it upon arrival. It's a piece of crap and I hate it so much I am going to have to repack it and have Canon pick it up. It's that bad. I'm going back to HP now. Like how dumb do the software designers have to be that it doesn't offer you one PDF for multiple pages that pops up after the scan? Instead you have to check off each one on a lame interface and save it to a folder it forces you to choose. 1. Canon has an additional black print cartridge to buy because they want to make money on their cartridges. Think of the added expense of having to pay for a large black inkwell and a smaller black well. Does that make any sense at all? 2. Canon did not improve the speed of the printer whatsoever, in fact it is even slower than the MX700. It's scan feed is equally just as slow. 3. The design of this printer is also not very good, it's really a very poor design of a round corner box, as compared to the slick MX700 style. They need to fire their engineer team who made this printer worse, not better, than the MX700. People might be impressed with this printer but they wouldn't be had they experienced the MX700. Finally I thought I'd add how sad it is of the slow progress on print technology these days. It should have been far more along by now. The Canon sales person lied on the phone to get a sale. Free shipping my behind! These Reviews May Be Fake - This Thing's a Disaster!
My late husband ordered this printer and I hated it. After he passed away, I gave it away to a church. Did not meet my needs.
Someone at Canon got the clever idea to make this printer "automatically" adjust the print heads by printing the alignment page and scanning it. There are two problems with this:1. Everything involves messing with the crummy 2-line LCD display on the printer, instead of the pleasant and easy alignment process on your PC screen (like most other printers, including Canon's cheaper products). This display has bad contrast and no backlight. 2. The overall process never makes it clear exactly what is going on, and the user guide on the CD does not match up with what happens on the LCD display. After the page is scanned and the heads are aligned, there is no confirmation message or test page printed. I had to make up my own test page to see if the heads really were aligned. ALso, at one point, the LCD display makes it clear that I should select an OK button to go to the next step, while the user guide says I should press the COLOR or BLACK button (why they give me an option, I do not know). The user guide is correct (doing what seems obvious on the LCD will end the process before scanning). You can even tell it to print an alignment page from the software, but it then links you to the manual which tells you to do it from the printer. And get this: the alignment page printed from the software IS NOT THE SAME AS THE ONE PRINTED FROM THE LCD INTERFACE. It is a useless page with no apparent purpose. Absolutely none of the setup is obvious or automatic. During driver installation (about 400MB of stuff), it mentions that you will need to align the print heads, but you have to sift through the software to do that. There is nothing like a "do you want to do this now? " button as is offered for other printer installs. The scanner isn't helpful either. I tried to scan a picture, and after selecting all of the options on the LCD, it says "please wait a while". Silly me, I thought that meant it would start scanning, but it never did anything. The only way I can get this to scan is by using Windows' included picture/scan program. There is no scanner option in the "my printer" program which shows up in the system tray. But Canon does prompt you to do ONE thing: register! Yes, they don't care if you can use your printer, but they really want to get your name and address and will give you a direct link to their website. Horrible setup process.
I like everything about this printer except the small and very expensive ink cartridges. I'm looking for alternatives to the Canon OEM cartridges and I've already had some pretty good luck with that. I found some compatible cartridges that really do seem to be 100% compatible with Canon cartridges and at a fraction of the cost. I bought these compatible cartridges through Amazon. I cannot tell any difference between the compatible cartridge print quality and that of the Canon OEM cartridges. I've printed photos with both. The print quality of this printer is every bit as good as I hoped it would be. I am very satisfied with the way it prints photos. By the way, I've used several of the Canon photo papers and they are all excellent and better than expected. The overall use and handling of the printer are very good and the software is very good too, although it might take awhile to learn all of the software that comes with the printer. I really like the way the front cover, rear cover and top cover open and close. It's as though you can very quickly "unfold" the printer when you go to use it and "fold it back up" when you are done using it. The paper feeding is excellent. I never even came close to having a paper jam yet and the paper is super easy to load into the printer. I like the way the printer goes into the service position when you have it turned on and you open the top cover. This lets you replace ink cartridges. The ink cartridges snap right into the print head itself. Unfortunately, it seems as though all the printer manufacturers are playing the same expensive ink cartridge game, so I guess I can't put too much blame on Canon for this. I'm looking for a good refillable cartridge and ink system now. I tried one company and that turned out very badly. But the compatible cartridges I tried worked OK, so far. Update: I'm changing this to a one star because of trouble and expense. The ink turned out to be even more expensive than I had imagined. The ink seems to run out with very little printing. I know my ink cartridges aren't leaking because otherwise there would be ink filling up the wells around where the cartridges feed the print head. I can almost assure anyone reading this that they are not going to like the cost of ink, especially if they are using OEM ink. The cost is horrendous. But that's not the worst problem. It looks like I might have lost a print head and I've only had the printer a couple months or so and haven't used it much during that time. The cyan color started to malfunction. I thought maybe this was an ink clog (it might still possibly be an ink clog), so I ordered a cleaning kit. I cleaned and cleaned the print head and the problem only got worse. The cyan color quit working completely after cleaning the print head, but then it started working again about a day later, although it was working very poorly. It's still bad and that's been several days ago. I did try out some refillable cartridges and the ink that goes with those cartridges from a company that advertises on Amazon. The cartridges did not work and caused all kinds of error messages and even caused the printer to shut down. The ink was the wrong color and left a green cast on photos that I printed. When I went back to the OEM cartridges, the printer worked and the color was immediately corrected. I also tried some compatible ink cartridges that I bought through Amazon. Those cartridges seemed to work as well as Canon OEM cartridges. There didn't appear to be any problem with them. I used the compatible cartridges first, then the refillable cartridges. As I mentioned,the refillable cartridges did not work at all and the ink color was off. Not long after this, the cyan color stopped working. I don't know if there is any connection between the present print head problem and the refillable cartridges and ink. But I do know that the refillable cartridges caused a lot of trouble and didn't work. And the ink color was definitely off. The seller denied this and I went through a lot of trouble with them because of this problem. The bad cartridges and ink came from PrintPayLess and the compatible cartridges (that seemed to work OK) came from Blake Printing Supply. Please understand that the Blake compatible cartridges seemed to print with the same exact quality as Canon OEM cartridges. It's impossible to tell about archival quality, though. That remains an unknown to me, but the visible quality was very good with the Blake product. I don't know what I'm going to find out later. What I decided on is to try to send a scan of the nozzle check to Canon and see if they can tell if this is a clogging problem or some electrical problem with the print head. It's impossible for me to tell what's wrong at this point, but I can say with certainty that I don't like the cost of the ink, even if I never had a problem with the printer. I'm experimenting with photography and I like to print photos. What I expect to happen (I'm hoping I'm wrong) is that Canon will blame the inks I used on the problem and void the warranty. I'm not sure if they can do this, legally, but I've read reviews where they've done this to other customers. I've also read from various sources that the manufacturer can't void the warranty without proving that the problem was with the ink. But then again, how are they going to prove this? My conclusion: Regardless of the what happens with the print head, the ink is far too expensive with this printer. The cartridges are TINY and they run out before you know it. I absolutely could not believe how fast the ink was disappearing. And there is no sign of leaks. The printer acts as though it is doing unauthorized print head cleanings. I don't know if it is, but maybe it does that when you remove and install cartridges. I'll have to find that out. When I put in a cartridge, I can hear the printer running and running, but not printing. While this is taking place, the print head is in the farthest right position that appears to be the cleaning position and where the head parks when you turn off the printer. Update: I did some checking and think I found the problem with ink disappearing suddenly. As far as I can tell, this is the way the printer is designed. The printer appears to be doing head cleanings on its own or automatically. I've noticed that some other people have also reported losing large amounts of ink quickly with this printer. When I turned the printer on this morning, the printer went through some kind of routine for quite awhile. I suspected that it was cleaning the print head. This was right after I turned it on. Then I did a head cleaning on purpose and the printer went through the same kind of routine with the same exact sound. So I'm sure the printer is doing head cleanings on its own and dumping huge amounts of ink in the process. I used up several ink cartridges without doing any printing except for nozzle checks the last few times I turned the printer on. This is an extreme ripoff. I'm going to report it as a fraud and give Canon a chance to give my money back before I file a consumer complaint against them. People need to learn to complain. Update: I ran some tests and was able to determine that the printer is literally dumping as much as 1/3 of an ink cartridge at a time without even printing anything! Some other reviewers or people making comments said that these printers do unauthorized print head cleanings and and I can see that this is apparently true. I also have the problem with the clogged, or partially clogged, cyan color in the print head. The only cartridge that didn't lose 1/3 of it's ink was the cyan cartridge. The other cartridges lost a HUGE amount of ink just within a couple minutes during what appeared be unauthorized and consecutive print head cleanings by the printer just a few minutes ago. I don't know how the printer decides when to do print head cleanings. The cleanings may be completely random or possibly they occur when the printer knows it hasn't been used for a few days or for some other time period. But you can bet that I'm losing HUGE amounts of expensive ink. With OEM cartridges, my loss just during the last few minutes would have probably been around $20. 00 and this is without printing anything but 2 nozzle check pages! Printing a nozzle check page really takes very little ink (as would printing any ordinary page). I know this because I was carefully monitoring the ink levels while turning the printer on and off and printing only a couple of nozzle test pages. One of the worst losses I've suffered isn't the money I spent on the printer or on ink. I did use up a HUGE amount of ink. It's the terrible hours of stress, frustration and disgust because of the trouble with the printer. This trouble destroyed all the progress I could have made otherwise. After a while, all this trouble can even start to affect your health. I set the printer aside for a while and went on to get other things done in life that were important. I will have to get rid of the printer. The following may sound like a joke, but it is not: I'm seriously thinking of smashing the printer to bits just to keep anyone else from suffering with it and being ripped off by it the way I have. I don't dare give it to anyone. I'm not kidding. This printer belongs in the dumpster or in a recycling center. It isn't worth 2 cents the way it is. My main problem now is that I don't know what other printer to buy. I'm sure the Canon company isn't going to be much help with advice there. There is only one possibility for a solution other than throwing the printer out that I can think of, and that is to ask someone here at a place called "The Printer Doctor". That's a local place that repairs printers. He might know of some kind of solution to the problem. I'll update some more if I decide it will do any good to complain in here and if I find out anything else important. I might not be able to do more testing because I'm out of some colors of ink now. I went through a LOT of ink cartridges in a very short time. That's how became aware of this problem. But here's something else: I put many hours of research recently into inkjet printers and I found out for certain that some manufacturers use a chip to determine the ink levels in the cartridges. This printer uses cartridges with such chips. You may already know that. But it's worse than that. The chips are designed by some manufacturers so that third party chips can't be used. This means that you can't use third party ink cartridges. And some refillable cartridges don't work unless you buy special chips for them and even then you have to keep putting new chips on the refillable cartridges every time you refill them. Other refillable cartridges require that you remove the chips from OEM cartridges and put the OEM chips on the refillable cartridges. Then you have to buy a chip resetter to reset the OEM chips every time you refill the cartridges. Then there's the possible problem with cheap inks. There must be some good ink out there and some way to use good refillable cartridges, but I don't know what. I already bought some bad bulk ink from PrintPayLess, for instance. Bad ink is a common problem! Be careful! And there's still the problem of the printer dumping ink. After doing hours or research on inkjet printers and inks, I can see that it's common knowledge that there are printers that do unauthorized print head cleanings and waste lots of ink. It's also common knowledge that chips are used by manufacturers to keep you from using third party products. It's also common knowledge that OEM ink cartridges are terribly overpriced. Some manufacturers even put the chips *inside* the cartridge to keep you from removing it and installing it on a third party refillable cartridge and then resetting the chip. This Canon printer has the chips on the outside of the cartridge, but the printer is still the worst waste of money, time and energy and suffering that I've been through with just any product I can remember. I'll have to get professional advice on this (and not from Canon) to really know what to do. Right now it looks like this printer might be heading for the recycling center. I'm thinking of buying a cheap black and white laser printer so I'll at least have something to print with if I have to make a copy of a document or print an important document for some reason. Literally robs you by *dumping* huge amounts of ink!
Eye piercing blue Power On LED. (It Should be a red or green LED. )The blue light is a big distraction. "Power On" indicator lights should be red or perhaps green, never blue. Google > Blue lights unhealthy &lt; and draw your own conclusions. As soon as I plugged in the USB cord my Macintosh OS automatically asked me if I wanted to install the drivers from the Internet. I selected yes, and was printing 60 seconds later. I went to the Canon website and was unable to find any utility drivers to determine ink levels or other maintenance needs. These appear to be unnecessary, as they are built into the Macintosh operating system. When this printer is ready for retirement, consider recycling the blue power on LED indicator as an aircraft landing light. Eye piercing blue power indicator LED.
These dividers are pretty and will add pizazz to a binder- if you can get them in. Three of the five in the pack I got didn't have the holes punched out of the side. For binder dividers they are also quite thin- almost too thin to support the tabs on each one if they have any paper against them. Pretty but cheaply made.
My daughter was very excited when she saw these. She loved the various designs the purple being her favorite. She got them all set in her new binder and she already tore two of them. The paper is pretty cheap and they have a strange odor too. Would skip and spend a little more money on a better product than this. Cheap product.
These would be great for a project that gets light and gentle use. They look good but they will not stand up to any sort of hard use. They are also not erasable not even with a pencil. One of those things that looks great on your monitor, but is not practical for everyday use. Flimsy and not erasable as claimed.
UPDATE: The second time I reached for this stapler, it did not work. I can't figure out why it doesn't work, so now it is just a paperweight. Change from 4 stars to 1. ORIGINAL COMMENTS: I admit that it took me a good five minutes to figure out how to open this stapler to insert staples. There is a small photo showing the opened position, but no instructions on how to get there. Aside from my pathological need for instructions for relatively simple mechanical tasks, I like this stapler. It may not be as powerful as the 24" model that looks like it's made from battleship steel, but it is a major step up from the average Swingline desk model, and it is very comfortable to use. The "reduced effort" becomes obvious after you collate & staple 100 booklets of 27 pages each! Comfortable & easy to use.
When this binder arrived, we instantly noticed a ripple in the front cover. The "cheap" appearance made us value it at around $4. 99 (like something you might find in Big Lots or another such outlet store). We already decided that the item itself was one-star -- the distorted cover, the cheap plastic, and the alarming price tag (again, it's NOT leather and over $20. 00) all added up to a "bad product. "THEN, we saw the warning label attached to the tag. It literally states that this product contains chemicals known to cause BIRTH DEFECTS and REPRODUCTIVE HARM. How does this product exist? Like some other reviewers and comment-givers, I would not dream of allowing my child to use this… I would not use this… I would not give this to my worst enemy. And, as a vegetarian, yep, I would much prefer REAL leather to this vegan, cheap, cancer-causing material. We deposited this directly into the refuse bin. Has a Warning Label that Reads it Can Cause Birth Defects.
I rarely receive an item that I can't find at least one positive thing to say about it. This binder has exactly one positive attribute. Pro:The one positive thing about it is that it is a recycled item. Cons:* My first thought right out of the package was that it would have been better to not have any artwork. Truly, the picture on the website looks nicer than it does in person. * The board is stiff and once opened doesn't like to close again. * It came with a sticker on the front that when removed left big chunks of it behind and it won't come off the surface without messing up the front of the binder. * The inside clips are are cheap* The back of the binder has oily type marks on it that won't wash off. I'm assuming it is from over-spray of glue that got on it from the factory. My advice -- skip this one. Not useful.
I wanted a small portable sharpener. Unfortunately this does not work. It is not missing any parts and I tried sharpening with several different types of batteries… the correct kind of course. Nothing, it spun around and the pencils never sharpened. Their tips were just barely chewed and I wonder if this is a prototype and that the unit is not properly manufactured to fit the pencil as it is sharpened. Very disappointing. I hope for the company that this is a fluke but even if it is they should really have better quality control. Sorry this is a dud!!!!! M DOES NOT WORK AT ALL!!!!
So, first off the backing that holds the battery in place is coming off- twice now and I've had it for just a few days. I *really* wanted a pencil sharpener that didn't need to be plugged in, that the kids could use (they keep stealing my cosmetic pencil sharpener which is just a small little thing. I wouldn't mind except it doesn't catch the shavings and then I have to hunt for it when I need to sharpen eye or lip liner or whatever. )The only way I could sharpen a pencil with this was to open the front cover, take out the batteries, and apply counterforce to the blade as I sharpened the pencil. (runs on two double A's but chews through them fast. My hubs was sure he could get it up and running but we decided to stop when the motor started to smell like something was burning up. Disappointment! I would have bought one for everyone if it had worked well because the kids are always complaining about not having pencils- they have plenty of pencils, just can't find a decent thing to sharpen them with. I know you can get plug-in units that work decently- we had a behemoth from like 1970 for ages but it finally gave up the ghost. Anyhow, I could have received the ONE pencil sharpener that as soon as you removed the covering to empty the non-existant 'shavings' the plastic housing would start to come apart. It sure made a heck of alot of noise like it was sharpening a pencil- kind of like my kids cleaning their rooms- but nothing ever actually got done without me, literally, keeping my thumb on the thing and using it like a non-electric sharpener. It does look small and sleek. Woo! I. e. this will make a decent paperweight if you need some non-functional piece of office equipment to take up space(even if it a small space). Zero stars- does not sharpen pencils.
We had a Boston Nautilus SharpenerBoston Nautilus Battery-Powered - Sharpenerwhich recently was dropped and broke. That sharpener was great and had a lot more power than this one, even though it does not have the greatest reviews on Amazon. When we received this one we were amazed how small this one is - not much larger than a credit card from profile. The mechanism looks extremely fragile and you have to push the pencil in harder than on other sharpeners - and you have to hold on to the minuscule unit so it won't spin. A cheap blade is doing the cutting instead of a more advanced mechanism involving cutting cylinders. This causes the graphite to break more easily than in more advanced models - or even in manual sharpeners. UPDATE 1/27/12: The "sharpener" blade still rotates two months later, yet pens are no longer sharpened, no matter how hard I push (without breaking the cheap plastic). I tried various pencils - same result. Batteries get recycled, the rest is in the trash. Don't waste your money. Poor quality - very small and fragile - useless in very short time.
Pens are the writing utensil of choice, but I still like to use pencils from time to time, due to their erasability and other factors. The reason many hesitate to use pencils is, of course, the inconvenience of having to sharpen, but this problem is easily remedied with the right pencil sharpener. A good electric sharpener does the work for you, eliminating much of the inconvenience that makes people avoid using pencils in the first place. The Stanley Bostitch Minisharp Battery Powered pencil sharpener is, unfortunately, not the good, convenience- enhancing pencil sharpener I was hoping for. This pencil sharpener is about as simple and basic as an electric powered sharpener could be, with nothing more than a small blade on the inside that looks much like a tiny, manually operated pencil sharpener. It turns when a pencil is inserted, but the problem is that it doesn't work very well at all. At first, I was convinced that I was doing something wrong but I found that no matter how I held the pencil, whether I held it steady or turned it back and forth, the blade just didn't do the job. It sharpened so slowly I gave up and resorted to manual sharpening. Another issue I have with this pencil sharpener is the lack of instructions. You will eventually figure out how to perform tasks like opening the battery compartment, inserting the batteries, and releasing the door for waste removal, but the manufacturer should have provided a simple set of instructions explaining this. Your frustration level is piqued from the beginning, and it doesn't get any better when you discover that the device doesn't work. If there is anything good to say about this pencil sharpener, it would come down to two main things: The compact size and the portability. It is small enough to fit in the tiniest desk space or school bag and because it doesn't have an electrical cord, it can be taken anywhere. I also like the see- through compartment that holds the shavings because you can quickly see when it is full and know when to empty. Compartments on some pencil sharpeners are tinted and you can't really see the shavings very well, which can lead to overfilling. There is no problem like that with this pencil sharpener, but considering its performance, it is highly doubtful the shavings compartment will ever reach its capacity. Everyone who uses pencils needs a good, convenient sharpener but this Stanley Bostitch model isn't one of them. I finally gave up, took out the batteries, stuck my pencil inside and turned it manually. The sharpening was faster and better than using it powered. And this says quite a bit about the quality and usefulness of this device. Avoid it, spend the extra money, and get a better product. You're Better off Removing the Batteries and Sharpening Manually.
I picked this from the Vine offerings because I have an 8 year old in second grade, and we have to sharpen pencils a lot. I've got a really nice manual one that works just perfectly, but thought he would enjoy a powered one. Like most of the other reviewers here, I've found this thing to be pretty useless. It's construction is poor, very shoddy. And it's pretty much incapable of sharpening much at all, and is a joke when you insert a new pencil that has never been sharpened before. I can't even say it's at least half way decent for the price, since it doesn't even serve as a useful paperweight. The purpose it serves is a good reminder that usually you get what you pay for. Pretty much useless.
QUICK SUMMARY: If you're looking for a compact, battery-operated pencil sharpener, look elsewhere. Background: When I got this pencil sharpener, the black plastic housing literally fell off the unit as I tried to open the battery compartment. Shortly afterwards, a small white plastic piece and another black plastic gear fell onto the kitchen countertop. I'm not *that* strong, folks! So I'm astonished that the whole unit would disintegrate in my hands just by my opening the battery compartment cover! My wife figured out where the white plastic piece was supposed to go and tediously put the thing back together again so it could work. I would have just pitched it into the garbage. What I HATE:- Poor quality! Might as well buy a box of Crayola crayons that have a sharpener built-in to the box. You'd have better luck with that. - Poor design! The unit should not fall to pieces just by opening the battery cover. - Most battery-operated devices show polarity and/or battery position inside the battery compartment bay, so it's perfectly clear how to install the batteries. With this poorly-designed unit, it's not obvious how to install the batteries, and the polarity is shown confusingly on the body of the sharpner, which, depending on how you're holding the pencil sharpener, can lead you to installing the batteries incorrectly. - Worst of all, we couldn't get a very sharp point on the pencils we tried sharpening. The rotating razor blade will dull quickly if you use it much (presuming you *can* use it). You'd be much better off with those little throw-away, pencil sharpener razors. They take up almost no backpack space, don't use batteries, and would do at least as good of a job as this pencil sharpener does. Conclusion: If you read this review and still buy this pencil sharpener, you have only yourself to blame. It literally fell to pieces in my hands.
I bought this at walmart at Christmas after hearing how good it was on ink… wish I had bought an HP… in 4 weeks I have gone through 2 packages of ink cartrages (I do not pirnt much either- would not have even used 1/2 of the first pack of in on an HP)… also the machiene is moody and uses electric doing things when you have not used it- I leave it shut off when not in use… I will never buy another printer from this company… I thought after so many years with pictures kodak would get it right Not worth your money.
Do not buy this garbage! This is the worst printer I have ever come across and I have come across a lot since 1989. After the original ink that came with it ran out (quickly) when I replaced them with Kodak cartridges the calibration test page was missing a lot of black and colors. Called customer support and he tells me I need a new print head (already)?! Okay, send me one. They send the wrong one! I call back and tell them it might help if they sent me the right part. Finally receive correct print head. Works again. On about the third cartridge replacement it does the same thing. I tried calibrations and print head cleanings all with the same terrible results until it runs out of ink after only printing about 10 test pages. Throwing this made in China junk in the dumpster where it belongs. Update 3/9/13 - To add insult to injury when I picked it up to move it for it's trash can body slam there was a big puddle of black ink on the stand it was sitting on! Will never purchase Kodak again. Worst Printer Ever!
too complicated to use. just couldn't figure it out. ended up having to return and I'm pretty tech savvy. We ended up buying an Ooma device instead - much simpler. too complicated to use.
i have sevral orders i placed here amazon for my maching ink tanks for my printers-- my screen shows fraud- not real hp brands-the seelers sent me back one tank same B. S. others have found same problems and many of the ink tanks dont fit. there packed and marked as hp-- no there retail-- used for store displays or just use up the stock. hp has given out a online form when fake ink tanks apear and it gets reported. fraud--dont risk your ptinter with these as hp will not repair any of there printers that had wrong brands HP INK--IN QUESTION. hp does not give out personal info when reported only where they were bought-- how much $$? the companys are in fault are closed down pays heavy fine$ PLUS admit on sales there not real hp- NOW THE FBI GETS INVOLVEDOTHER COMMENTS HAVE MADE A RUDE MEMARK ON MY SPELLING-- IM A VET. I WAS OVER SEAS AND HAVE CLOSED HEAD INJURY SO IT EFFECTS SOME MOTOR CONTROL. I do not work for hp or amazon or another company---- R ETAIL -FRUAD.
I am so sick of HP forcing me to buy a new cartridge every 6 months. I swear I have not printed more than 150 pgs and the darn XL size cartridge is already empty. Its maddening. HP really needs to get back to the basics and start making some quality products instead of trying to squeeze money out of consumers for their shareholders. My advice is shell out the extra cash up front for a Xerox printer, and save money in the long run by not getting raked over the coals with these cartridges. I will not be buying another HP Printer.
This product is extremely overpriced for the microscopic amount of ink provided. HP printers are excellent except for one thing: They are intentionally designed to cost you an arm and a leg to print. The cartridges have to be frequently changed because of HP skimping on the included amount of ink. A real letdown. Look for another printer if you want your finances to remain solvent. Horrible - An Absolute Disgrace.
WARNING: DO NOT BUY AN HP! IT WILL SUCK UP THE INK AND THE MONEY IN YOUR WALLET. I purchased the HP Photosmart Premium printer 6 months ago and I usually print on Black draft ONLY. I rarely use color. I ran out of color ink and color photo black twice. NOTE: I DID SAY I RARELY USE COLOR. I will also add that I did print only 3 4x5 photos. I am a retired photographer but rarely print my own photos. I used less than 300 sheets of paper printed on 8 1/2 x 11 paper set on Draft black only. IF YOU BUY AN HP YOU ARE ASKING FOR DISPOSABLE MONEY. Donate your money to a charitable organization instead of buying HP printers or ink!!! I would rate HP a ZERO star if they had one!!!!!! Amazon should create a "Stay away" category instead of a start. This rip-off doesn't even deserve one star!!!!!!! Best Buy said that the ink will evaporate. Well if that is true than so did my hard earned money. I will go back to Epson for a more efficient printer. HP 564 Ink Sucks Ink disappears.
This product is half the size at almost the same price. There's really not much else to say. Why HP has chosen to break customers in their products when they buy genuine HP is beyond me. With the old cartridge, I used about one cartridge every two-three months doing regular office work and proofing without fading or streaking. With the new cartridge there was streaking after only a month. This is where you really loose money. With the old one you could use twice as much, and only have to deal with fading every once and a while, with the new one, you loose the last little bits in two cartridges instead of just one. This is not only chintzy, but bad for the environment. For the same amount of ink you use twice the plastic and twice the packaging, not to mention the wasted paper and time from dealing with fading more often. Anyone that buys a product based on quantity expects to get it. Wake up HP! You have competition from companies like Lexmark that boast 500 pages on a single cartridge for five bucks. Better go with the CB321WN. This one is a rip-off.
I think this ink is counterfeit! It is advertised as an authentic HP ink cartridge. We bought this a month ago and it ran out of ink within a month despite barely using our printer. We also got a package from a different retailer with other colors, and they are all completely full. I'm really angry we got duped! Don't buy these. Possible counterfeit, dried up in weeks.
This product is big and heavy and takes up valuable space on the desk, and there's nothing to rest the individual sheets on so you can write on them. I much prefer writing a note directly on the pad and then pulling the sheet off and sticking it on the paper or object. If you put the dispenser in a drawer, it doesn't clutter the desk top but takes up needed drawer space. It still doesn't allow for jotting down a note quickly. There's too much of a procedure involved. This is a device that makes a task more difficult, not easier. Poor design, Too big.
First of all Kodak printers are garbage. Then to rub salt into your wound these cartridges are not full and don't last at all! Will never waste another penney on Kodak ever again! Save your Money!
The layout of these labels are exactly like Avery 5160, however the quality is not as high as Avery. Okay so I have no problem when I print labels one sheet at a time but when I need multiple sheets and print from my printer's tray these tend to stick together and my printer will pick up 2 sheets at a time or get confuse and print part of say like bottom of page 1 on bottom of page 2. Sometimes it also get jammed because they tend to stick together. At this price you expect that the quality would not be the same so overall I give it 4 stars. Good labels. Same layout as Avery 5160 but they stick together.
We use netalk duo voice over IP for our phone service since it's two bucks a month. We have an older Panasonic cordless phone that works fine with it but these newer phones had a huge latency and echo problem. Reading the reviews, apparently it's a common issue if you are using VOIP. While they are feature rich and probably work fine with a hard line setup, they are useless for my purpose. Fortunately, Amazon is great about returns and so will now try a V-tech system since others have been happy with that on a VOIP system. Horrible phone if you have VOIP.
The KX-TG7645M does not have speed dial capability!!! This is unheard of in this day and age. Amazon is making me pay for return shipping for this. Don't buy this if you need speed dial by pressing one numeric button. WHAT - NO SPEED DIAL!!!
Revising my review to say that I would never use these again. After putting up a few light things around the house, I decided to take one down off the wall. I peeled it super-gently and the paint came right off with one of the tabs. Then another one fell off my door and also took the paint with it. Needless to say, I'm really annoyed and now need to paint again. Back to Fun-Tac! Took the paint off my walls!
i was hoping for a nice small elegant looking post it note dispenser. the thing is like a big clunky rock. too cheap to send back. i'm not loving it. it works well however to dispense the post it notes. just not what i wanted. too bad it takes up most of my desk.
Since the GE phone I've been using was on its last legs, and having had very good experiences with Motorola in the past, I jumped at the opportunity to test out theMotorola DECT 6. 0 Enhanced Cordless Phone with 2 Handsets and Digital Answering System L702. I have used several different brands of both corded and cordless phones through the years and usually have no difficulty learning how to use a new phone. This was the exception. Easily this is the worst phone I've ever used, mainly because of the convoluted design of the functions. The only pro:- I liked the size and feel of the handsets with the rubberized edging, which make it easy to hold on to without fear it'll slip out of my hand. Cons:- Number 2 handset would not hold its charge from day one, I've done all the manual said to do in this circumstance to no avail. Number 1 handset would only hold its charge for approximately 48 hours with little or no use. - It's hard to maneuver through the system. Some of the keys wouldn't work unless pushed 3-4 times, especially the up, down, left, and right keys, which are used often. - Transferring numbers from CID list to phone book was annoyingly difficult. - No shared phone book between the phones, so each number has to added to each phone separately. The same goes for deleting numbers off. - Dual functions on most of the keys make using the phone extremely difficult and confusing. If you get this, better keep the manual handy. - Both numbers on the Call List and Messages were too easily deleted due to the complicated process Motorola set up. Most of these were accidentally deleted because of this. - Cannot screen calls, the messages can only be listened to after they've been left. - No jack for a headset or ear buds. - Cannot be mounted on a wall, table/desk set-up only. - Receiver can't stand up, they have to just lay there and rock. As I said before, I'm no dummy when it comes to using new phones and expect there to be differences between phones that I have to get accustomed to, but this is ridiculous. I am so disappointed that Motorola has put out something this inferior. I'm not exaggerating when I say I hate this phone. I would not recommend it at all. In the meantime, I ended up buyingPanasonic KX-TG6672B DECT 6. 0 Corded/Cordless Phone with Digital Answering System, Black, 2 Handsets, which I have absolutely loved so far. Very user unfriendly!
Ouch! I was just about to sit down to write a rave review. The product had been performing as advertised (dropper applicator worked fine and cap wasn't getting stuck). However, when I just now picked it up to give the bottle another glance, glue spilled all over a small portion of my fancy new dining room table and on my laptop. I wiped up most of it with a paper towel, which is now stuck to my thumb and several fingers. Unfortunately, we did't have any acetone in the house. (might want to have some on standby if you're going to use this product! )The glue leaked out the side of the bottle… around one of the seams of the magic "button" on both sides that gives you that precision one drop at a time. I'm sure it was a fluke… a bad bottle, but given the fact that my table now has a big smudge mark of super glue on it, the return key on my MacBook has a low rise crater and my thumb and fingers are hurting from the pain… I can't recommend it, although I'm not selling my 3M stock… at least not yet. One recommendation, keep the bottle upright when not in use and don't squeeze the sides until you're ready to use the dropper. The Bottle Leaked.
As a vine reviewer I received this product free from Amazon to rate. I opened the product and put the cap on intending to use it soon. I left the room and when I got back I noticed the bottle had tipped over, I went to pick it up and it was stuck to my counter, I grabbed my knife to try to scrape it off the counter top and my fingers got stuck to the knife, it was very hard to get off. I moved the bottle and my fingers stuck to it. There was a puddle of this glue on my counter I do not know how that happened since I screwed the cap on tightly. I now have glue on three fingers including some brown wood from the knife. Some of the bottle is still stuck to my counter, I am very upset over this, the bottle is not stable it may need a larger base so it will not topple over so easily. Leaking glue can become a problem, the glue itself is just like any other super glue but to have a cap that is this faulty is dangerous. I am sorry, but the selling feature for this item is supposed to be the revolutionary Precision Applicator that does not leak or stick. Sorry it failed on all counts. I will be tossing this in the trash. Faulty cap.
These markers seem cool b/c they're designed to write on fabric and not wash off-however, most sharpies do this already anyway! The thing that isn't great about these is that they are fabric tipped, so they will not write on any smooth or glossy service, which forces you to get out the regular sharpies to do that job anyway, thus negating the need for these all together. They are fun for art projects like T-shirts or canvas shoes, but like I said, any sharpie can already do that, so after using these I was asking myself-what's the point?! Don't waste your money buying these, just buy a pack of regular permanent markers, which you can get in all the same neat colors that come in this kit! Actually LESS useful than normal Sharpies!
purchased our first set in january 2012 and took it back for a replacement in march 2012… have the same problem in both sets… periodically when replacing the handset to the main base the power goes out… have to pull the power plug from the wall outlet and plug it back in to get power to it again… i called at&t today in regards to this problem… they told me to use another wall outlet to see if it occurs again… i will, but i had replaced another much older at&t set that was plugged into the same outlet without any issues… i should have kept it… other than this issue we like everything else about the phone set… being we bought/replaced at the same local store it might have been a bad lot from the factory that is causing the shut off of the system… shuts itself off when replacing the handset onto the main stand.
If you're using it in a garage or giant shed it's a good idea. The battery drains when it isn't being used… hmmmm fancy that. It's uncomfortable to use and people always tell me they can't hear me. I have to keep it pressed up against my face to properly communicate. Garbage.
I have had trouble with this printer since I received it 11/16/11. First I couldn't get it to print in color than the ink ran out in after about 3 weeks. it was the ink that was in the box with the printer. I purchased new ink and since it isn't Canon ink it doesn't print everything or it says I am low or out of ink and they are new cartridge. I did call customer service in Dec. about about the color (which was their ink) and they couldn't help. I got new ink. the printer only prints sometime and says it is low in ink or there is no ink. I called again and they said they couldn't help this time because I wasn't their ink. I told them I even had trouble with their ink too but since it was over 15 days they couldn't or wouldn't help me help me. I DON'T recommend this printer or company too anyone. canon mp280 printer.
I am very technically proficient in networking. Brother is not. I suggest anyone considering the MFC-7860DW read the one star reviews. Brother wants you use a USB cable between your computer and the Brother device to set up wireless initially. The software did not properly set up the wireless network using this method. I then attempted to use the front panel on the device to configure network settings. Unfortunately, the software/firmware on the device has problems because it would not permit inputting certain common characters used for network keys. The manual states those characters should appear by pressing specific buttons, but in the case of this unit, they did not. The manual is wrong and unreliable. Customer Services acts like you're nuts in believing the problem has anything to do with the printer. "Not our problem" is Customer Service's manta. "Must be a router issue. " "Call your router company". Eventually, I was able to get the printer to work wirelessly only after dropping all firewall protection on my computer and the network. It worked once. After the printer went to sleep - which is does often - it never worked again. As I said before, Brother may be a great printer company, but they are a lousy networking company. If your IP address is 192. 168. 4. 102, the printer believes it's 192. 168. 004. 102. Do you want your printer to work wirelessly? Does that mean your computer is connected to the router via wireless, the printer is connected to the router via wireless, or both? Most people have mixed networks, and the answer makes a huge difference. Brother never through about adding connectivity beyond the first computer. I assume most people get this printer for it's wireless capability to use with multiple computers. However, the required software takes you through every single step each time you install it one a computer, even though your printer already has been set up to your router. Yep, not a networking company. Brother's solution to everything is to delete all network settings and reconfigure them. This unit goes to sleep every 2 - 3 minutes. At that rate, I'd reconfigure the network settings 480 times every day, 14,440 times every month, and over 172,000 times every year. Thanks, guys. Brother troubleshooting software also tries over and over again to get you to set the Brother printer as the default printer. The troubleshooting software even indicates your problems may be caused by the Brother not being the default. Ugh. Oh, and the machine is literally louder than my refrigerator compressor even when not in use. Stay clear if you run Win 7 on any machine. Lousy networking for Win 7 machines, manual is wrong, "not our problem".
I think this is one of the worst printers that I have owned in terms of consuming ink. I hate the fact that it uses so much ink in so little time and that you cannot print anything out if you have a full black ink and no color ink. This printer locks up even though want you would want to print is only black. Kodak used to be affordable at ten bucks a pop but I guess times change. Worst printer.
This does not work with windows professional 7. Period. I got it to work Bluetooth with my MacBook air, but no way with windows 7… anyone have any ideas that will work? As of 3 communications with HP, they can't get it to work.. and no, it's not the computer… the Bluetooth works fine… very frustrating… useless.
This is a disgraceful product. HP's printers were once the acme of quality. The cost-cutting of the Mark Hurd CEO era has made them a brand to avoid. I won't list all this printer's problems. Just read the many other one-star reviews. The paper feed is unreliable. The Bluetooth does not work. The on-off power switch fails frequently… My final straw was the print overflow tray reporting it was full which blocks ALL printing. After finally locating the part -- a challenge in itself -- the cost was $15 plus $11 shipping (it is tiny and weighs less than 4 ounces), the replacement doesn't work, leaving the printer useless. I should have junked it a month after buying it, but it is expensive and I was reluctant to admit to wasting the money. I threw it out -- a dreadful piece of overpriced, badly made, unreliable junk. Avoid, avoid, avoid. Abysmal in almost every way.
These shapes do not functionally stick to anything. I tried them on my fridge to hold up a postcard. The shapes will stick at first, but they peel off within an hour or so. They will not hold up anything more than a few minutes. I tried it on the wall, and it fell off quickly. These do not work at all as intended. Does not stick.
Original Review:Well, these are cool. I stuck a piece of note paper to a mirror and it works great. I've peeled it off both the mirror and the paper several times with no problem. Didn't leave any residue behind, but it wasn't on the mirror for very long. The directions say to put the shapes on the back of the item you want to stick up, but I don't see why they couldn't be put on the front if the item isn't too thick. July 10, 2011: I pried the stickables off of the microwave. Yes, pried. They were really stuck, but they came off of the paper with no problem. October 31, 2011Yes, these stick very well, but they collect dust and pet hair like crazy. I didn't remove the top protector on them and they're still a mess. And what do you do with them when you're not using them? I put them back on the sheet with the unused ones, but it's a pain. Use magnets when you can and painter's tape when you can't. Sticky, Stickier, Stickiest.
I was really excited to get a nice pack of pens for a really great price with a good variety of colors. They come out of the package with wax/rubber on the tip, so you are assured they are not dried out. For the price, this definitely cannot be beat. You will not find a product anywhere else for this quality. That said, I was not overly impressed by the quality of ink per say. Its ink, just ink. Its not bad ink, just ink. Nothing impressive to write home about it (pun intended). Would I buy these pens again, yes. Are they my favorite pens, no. Edit: Everything above this was my original review, but here is my update. I hate these pens. They constantly leak. I have some at home, 2 in my purse, and a couple in my backpack (I am in nursing school. ) And every single one of them has leaked. The first few, I thought were to my fault so I would take the pen apart, clean the inside and put it back together. But the orange and pink pens I have never used and they have also leaked! I have given up and have decided to throw the whole set in the trash. I don't want anything else to be ruined. I would give these pens zero stars if I could. great variety of color, but they are just pens *updated - THEY LEAK*.
I got these because I like to balance my checkbook with a different color ever month. I was in the market to expand on the color I used as new colors have come about. I found highliters the same rainbow colors, red ink/pink highliter, black ink/yellow highliter, pink ink/pink highliter, green ink/green highliter, purple ink/purple highliter, orange ink/orange highliter, blue ink/blue highliter. I was all set. Then, within days of being in the canister, the green ink exploded twice, just like the cheap old pens of yester year. If you're not old enough, you may not remember it. I got rid of all of them, I don't like exploding pens, a waste of money! I searched for rainbow colors and found them in Pilot G2 and got them. I've used Pilot G2 Gel pens for years for checks as they can't fraudulently wash off your signature and the amount. I use highliters for debits that haven't cleared, so I want to have a different color to keep it all straight. I can keep the color straight by singing the rainbow song in my head. If you want colors and you don't mind ink on your hands and cloths, these are fine. However, if you want serviceable pens, don't buy these. Paper Mate InkJoy 300RT.
I just can't figure out why these notes would be transparent. You can see through aobut 5 of them but why would you use them? they don't tear either so when you throw them out and if you have personal info on them, you would have to shred them. the writing surface is smooth for writing and it doesn't smear. i just can't figure out why someone would need them. can't figure it out.
These really do not work at all. First, I wrote on one and stuck it to my computer monitor. Within an hour it fell off. The key thing you want from a sticky note is for it to stay stuck when you put it somewhere. These are failing on the "stickiness" test. Second, the colors are too dark, and when you write on them with a blue or black pen, the contrast comes out low, and what you wrote does not show up well. Overall, this product is pretty useless for me. I like the original Avery much better. . . they stick better, and have better colors. Not as Good as Post It.
The installation:With the chips, technically, the printer won't recognize this is not a Canon print head. However, after two days of replacement, I began to see error u052. The printer refused to recognize either my old original ink heads nor this ink set you are watching. I switched them and tried different combinations, printer won't work. Here's my solution, it might not be universal: turn off the printer and turn on. Before the system completely loaded, open the ink cartridge cover. Wait the screen displays a message says you opened the cover. Then Release the cover, the printer should come back. During a few minites of initiallation, my printer was shouting.. I believe the sound is different from using the original ink. After installed, I printed a couple of pages and pictures. The print quality:B&W;: B&W; pages are just okay. Compare with the original Canon ink, it's less solid, less sharp and less black. Feel like water in it. It does the job though! for the price! Colors: colors are completely messed up. They probably used the wrong tag! the red and blue are switched! sometimes it gives me red hair… like half red half black and the rest of them are rainbow color… All I got are funny colored pictures and photos. The photos printed by using this ink I call them - TRASH! None of them is even OK, and the photos are not sharp at all! Plus the wrong color makes it much worse! Overall:The packege is decent and it works for B&W; pages. However, don't dream about color printing… it won't do it. if the colors worked I would give a two or three stars because the colors are not good. I should refill it by other good inks. Moreover, I believe the ink will damage my printer because the terrible quality. However, after a refill I believe it's gonna be OK. I would recommend it if refill is ready. The pigment is just too bad. According to another reviewer, the wrong tag problem might not be universal, take your chance? Not recommend to most Canon users, the OEM ink head is perfect (and expensive). The decision is yours. Color messed up, printer sounds like dying, be aware of the error U052.
Guess you get what you pay for; I thought there couldn't be all that much difference in copy paper but I was sadly mistaken. This stuff sticks together, jams all the time and no matter how many times I leaf through it before putting it in the copier or printer, it sticks together and wastes the job. Going back to spend a little more on better quality. Think I'll line the kitty tray with the rest of this. I HATE THIS PAPER!
I'd had poor luck with 2nd-party ink in the past, but was encouraged by all of the positive reviews here for this product. Besides, the price was very low. It seemed like I'd found a very good deal, but I was wrong. When I removed the sealing tape from the output hole of the large black cartridge, PGI-225, ink spurted out with force, hitting my shirt, my shoes, and my floor. It created a large mess that will cost much more than the price of the ink to clean up, if cleaning up is possible. I live near Denver at an altitude of 5200', which is presumably why the ink squirted out. But I have used Epson, HP, and Canon cartridges here and never had a problem before. 2nd-party cartridges, as I mentioned, were often not satisfactory, but they never squirted ink. If you live at lower altitude, maybe this ink will work fine for you, but I cannot recommend it. Ink leaked everywhere.
Setup was a breeze, Had it up and running within 5 minutes from unboxing. The image hole fill function is nice, It even features a blur/smudge correction so that those copies look professional as well. That was the good news, Now here comes the bad news… It gets hungry, ALOT, so much jamming it throws me back to the injet printers of 2001.. Total nightmare, photo paper jams, copy paper jams and it's just ridiculous.. Didn't even try any fragile documents after 15 minutes of jamming. This one is just a no go, not worth the headache, especially if what others are saying about "no technical support" It likes to eat paper.
Okay, I was trying to save some money and went for this non oem product, normally i use TN450 from Brother. First no problem with the shipping as this was fulfilled by Amazon, the only thing was I wish seller would change the price to $25 so non prime members can get the free supersaver shipping. Dont think customer will mind the extra penny. Second no compatibility issue, easy to install and my printer HL-2270DW recognize the toner right away. Third this item is suppose to be equal to TN-450 but it is not. This printed great when first installed but the print outs quickly faded. Now I kept all my print counts from the TN-450 and this product as follows:The TN 450 printed 1556 pages prior to low toner light, an additional 543 pages before the change toner light or 2099 pages. However I got an additional 276 pages after overriding the change toner light (hit the go button 7 times) for a total of 2375 pages. This on the other hand has only printed 1041 pages before it is now too faded to continue use. Also note this doesnt give you a low toner message as TN450 toner. Overall it actually cost more to use this product as you need to change this toner more frequently than the TN 450 so go with the brother product and not this piece of crap. Not TN450 as suggested.
Based on the description, I was expecting these sticky notes to have a glue strip at the top and bottom… or at least a double strip at the top… or something? The package I received did not have a second strip at all. They are only sticky at the top, like regular sticky notes. I don't know if I received the wrong product, or if my expectations were wrong. In any case, these notes are less sticky than some other brands I've tried. Still usable for some applications, but definitely not outstanding. not what I expected.
These Made In China labels are horrible. I do not recommend purchasing them. Basically they are so cheap that they jam your printer, and out of a sheet of two, you are lucky to one scrunched label out of the two. They advertise they are heavy, but they are not. Go buy the real ones from Avery. Horrible Labels, JAM PRINTER.
I ordered two cartridges the same time. The 1st, which was installed in April was easy to use and change on the Brother printers. The Instructions were clear, unit is clean and offers a green option of returning by mail postage paid for the used oneThe 2nd one I tried to install today (late May) is 100% useless! I have followed the instructions, and installed it 5 times. The brother printer keeps telling me to replace the toner. I am obviously past a "warranty" period and rather than reorder more, I now will have to go to the office supply store for one that I need today. Disappointing, to say the least. From a 5 star to a 1 star rating. Dr. John Hogan CHA CHE CHOHospitalityEducatorsHogan Hospitality WIDE RANGE of OPINIONS FROM SAME ORDER.
Very disappointing product, very cheaply made. I hate plastic, so I should have known better in the first place After this got destroyed and the sharpener dulled very quickly, I found a German-made metal sharpener that continues to work very well for my colored pencils when the get too short for the electric sharpener. FELL APART REALLY FAST.
I'd assume that this pencil sharpener is designed and manufactured to work with Prismacolor pencils. It may be me - I don't have much gripping strength - but none of my expensive Prismacolor pencils have sharpened evenly using this device, and since the lead of these pricey pencils is invariably broken inside the casing, this sharpener quickly clogs up with lead and wood shavings and it is a chore to pick out the detritus. I prefer my old electric Swingline sharpener. I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone who has any gripping problems, it actually is painful trying to use this product. In disappointment, I threw this pencil sharpener in the trash. High-priced and poor performance.
The top is very hard to open to dump out the shavings. It will quickly break as the top layer of the cover separates from the piece of plastic it's lightly glued to, and then you are stuck. Bad.
I bought a set of 132 Prismacolor Premier pencils, and this sharpener. Two of those pencils were down to half their length before I had even used them more than once because the first time I tried to sharpen them, this sharpener kept breaking the lead. It broke the lead in almost all of the pencils, but two of them more than the others. I finally followed the advice of other reviewers and bought a Derwent battery operated sharpener, and I have not had a broken lead since. Breaks lead.
This model looks a good buy--but it sharpens art pencils in the smaller opening with points that immediately break as they are not shaped properly. As well, you (at least I could not) figure out how to open it. I tried sideways swivel, turn, ect. Maybe I got a dud, but I wouldn't bother with this! worthless.
I bought this pen because it was a papermate & the ad said it was good but it isn't. it leaks & half the time it doesn't want to work. not a good paper mate pen.
I really wanted to love this printer, I really did. I was having connection problems since the beginning and called Epson tech support for help and they were useless. Once I did get it to print the quality was horrible for a wide format printer. Disappointed.
Aurora AS810SD 8-Sheet Strip-Cut Paper/CD/Credit Card shredder ($29. 99) is the same unit. BUT It seems to be overtaxed with a CD or Credit Card. Worst feature is a "U" shaped plastic extender that allows you to place the head unit over a larger waste basket. Breaks with the slightest pressure from the top. ALSO this unit increased 25% in one week! Was $30 now $39? Get a NAME BRAND. NOTE THE Aurora AS810SD 8-Sheet Strip-Cut Paper/CD/Credit Card shredder: It is EXACTLY the same unit (look at the pics! ) for 25% less!!! Moans and groans - Top breaks easily.
I was really looking forward to using these folders since they have pockets for a variety of items, including discs. Unfortunately, the folders are very, very flimsy and not at all sturdy. These folders cannot withstand any slightly rougher than normal use or they going to tear and be less than usable. I can't recommend them. Too Flimsy To Be Useful.
Only hate it because it doesn't work where we need it to work. I thought I had researched enough to know that this would work on the display. But it didn't. Didn't work for me.
cant store after storing for months can not use for very long guess it dries up cant store after storing for months can not use for very long guess it dries up cant store.
First of all this was really difficult to get into the ink cartridge slot. (HP Deskjet F2210 All in One) The black HP one clicked right in and I had to fight WWIII to get the colored one in place… Also HP does not recognize this cartridge as the printer does some other non OEM cartridges so ink levels never shows up. Now after printing just a few colored documents, the printer tells me I am out of color… I continued to try to print color and of course it did not work… I got nice black and white prints… but no color… So I am questioning just exactly how much ink is in this cartridge… I suspect not much so I got what a paid for… not much… I don't recommend. Spend a bit more and get either HP or another brand… Update June 4, 2011- I noticed in this 2nd pkg of the colored cartridge is a little note tucked under the clip you pull off and discard: "Please be aware that due to new programming features in printers the ink level for this cartridge might appear empty" This note was not on the other color cartridge. They are right: it always shows no ink!!! I ordered 2 packages of 2… I'm bummed!!! Disappointed in quantity of ink.
I bought these because I wanted to line all 3 monitors up horizontally. All 3 of my monitors are identical. They are 23" Asus LED monitors. Assembly of this stand was pretty straight forward. I had to cut a hole in my desk because I have a corner desk and mounting it at the corner was over 2 feet away and the monitors were too far back. I didnt mind cutting the holes but the thing that really got me upset, is after all of the assembly, the monitors do NOT line up. I used a level when I mounted each monitor, they are all level. The outside monitors are 2 different heights than the central monitor. Left one is 1/4 inch too low the right one is over 1 inch too low. I was going to use this set up for flight sims but instead I am returning it right now. You cant have 3 different heights with flight sims. I am not sure what version the other reviewers received but mine is unadjustable for height with individual monitors. You can rotate it on the Y axis but cannot move it vertically. I spent over 2 hours trying because most of the reviews here said you could adjust the monitors individually. I must have received a different version. Also I BARELY got my 23" monitors to mount all together. I SERIOUSLY doubt you could get 27" ones mounted. Pros:+ Holds 3 monitorsCons:- Everything else. Thanks for reading my review. Different product than everyone else is getting? Monitors do not line up.
I purchased this for my 24&#34; Asus monitors. There is no flexibility to angle with 24&#34;. The monitors sit a good 8&#34; into my desk space, so close to my face it's unbearable and hard on the eyes. Unfortunately I waited 34 days before having time to install and can't return. If you buy them, try them quickly but I have to give this mount a thumbs down. Not good for 24".
Thin, cheap plastic. Large and cumbersome. Can't wait to get rid of it! Very disappointed. Would not recommend for purchase Ugh!
I bought these to use as flash cards for school. Though not mentioned in the product's descriptionThey are a different color from front to back, which didn't serve my purpose, as I was using color-coding for several things. They feel cheap, and the ruled lines are not very well inked, light and wispy. I won't buy these again. Poorly inked, rough feel.
This item is total garbage. It failed to open the first thing I tried it on. I had to attempt to follow the first cut line over several times to get it to even cut through in a few spots. Unfortunately, this left a lot of razor sharp plastic edges/shards. In the end, I gave up and threw it in the garbage and got out my old trusty kitchen shears. See my customer image of the blade which also appears to have chipped on the very first usage. This garbage was useless in less than 15 seconds of use and is very poorly made. Useless and poorly made.
I really wanted to like this product, as I have cut myself, sometimes fairly seriously, on a number of occasions using a utility knife to open both boxes and blister packs. This product seemed to be the ideal solution to the problem, however, I was sorely disappointed with the end results. The concept is fairly simple and seems to be a good idea. Make a lightweight plastic handle with a blade that is sharp enough to open blister packs, while not so sharp as to cut yourself seriously if it slips. In addition, the blade is recessed so that only a small portion extends beyond the plastic so any cut is likely to be shallow. In reality, I discovered that it worked well on the first blister pack, was slightly less effective on the second, and by the third the blade was so dull that I needed all my strength to pull it through the plastic. It did continue to work well for opening the tape on boxes, but it needed a new blade after three blister packs to continue to use it for that purpose. That would get expensive in a big hurry! I will continue to stick to the tried and true methods I have developed for opening plastic blister packs, and will not bother to use this product in the future. Not Worth The Time, Effort or Money.
I get a steady stream of small packages into my house and was hoping for a convenient knife that would open them. When I opened this package, the advancement button for the retractable blade was barely attached. The blade is quite tiny, the size of a "v" in 12 font type. It might open small packages, but not larger ones and sooner or later tha advancement button will fall off. I suggest getting a conventional box cutter instead. Tiny blade, lose button: get a box cutter instead.
I was truly surprised at how bad this was. The tiny blade is ineffective against most anything. I could not open a plastic wrap with it. I found it useless against tape on a box. Not even sure I would be able to use it as a letter opener. Save your money and use a box cutter or a knife or scissors for those pesky plastic wrapped packages and whatnot. Waste of space and money.
I spend a LOT of money at Amazon, so I'm getting boxes all the time. I've been using a normal flip open knife I just carry in my pocket to open boxes, but thought this would be an interesting possibility. It came in easy to open packaging, even the tie holding it to the cardboard wasn't plastic, just a twist tie. I thought that was a nice touch, until I tried to cut even the very thin cardboard this was packaged in. And it couldn't. I could scratch it, but I couldn't cut it except for one tiny little spot where it actually penetrated all the way through in three or four attempts of cutting a 2 inch long slash in the packaging. I got a few other Amazon items today as well, so thought I'd use this then just for the tape. Standard packing tape with the string in it that's often used by companies who ship things. Even there it failed. Barely cut the tape, and only one of the strings was actually severed. So next I pulled out the inflated packaging bladders that Amazon uses to fill space inside to keep boxes from sliding. I generally squeeze one end to get them nice and pressurized, then use my knife to slice the other end open to let the air out. This couldn't even manage THAT. I got, in six different bladders, just one actually penetrated with this, and that was just barely… All in all, a complete fail for me. The ergonomics of the handle itself are alright, but the button on top to slide the cutter out is just poor and cheap, and I can see how easily that could break on someone. Add that to the lack of performance on all the things I tried that I would expect it to do make this a poorly executed product in my eyes. Just awful.
I'm sorry to say I was disappointed in this product. It is very flimsy; the button that you slide to extend the blade out in order to use it feels like it could snap off at any time. It was frustrating to use, because in order to get it to cut through even tape on a package, I had to run it back and forth several times. Even then, I would get a few holes in the tape at best, and have to rip it open the rest of the way. I tried it on packaging tape when opening boxes, as well as the paper tape that comes on packages, and it struggled consistently with each. I do like the safety feature of being able to retract the blade, but that was the only redeeming factor in a product that isn't able to achieve its purpose. Flimsy and performs inconsistently.
This is basically a very small razor blade attached to a large plastic handle. The blade is not replaceable, and so when it dulls, you have to throw the entire thing away. Setting that aside, the blade isn't sharp enough or deep enough to make a serious impact on the plastic packages that its marketed as being able to open. If I hadn't gotten this free, I would have returned it. Almost worthless.
I really don't see the need for this tool at all. Yu push a button to have a tiny blade sticking out to cut through packaging. But the button is loose. The tool itself is too small and difficult to hold, and I have small hands I tried it on several packages. The blade is not sharp. I really don't see the point of having this extra tool in my drawer. I may as well use my box cutter. Flimsy quality, blade not sharp, no unique feature.
I haven't much to share here… I used this to open 2 blister packs (ironically items from Amazon :) ) - it worked on one. The blade flew off on the second item and it was destroyed. Probably not sturdy enough for blister packs… 1/5 for the effort.. would be rated lower if I could. Horrible - broke after 2nd blister pack.
I READ THE GREAT REVIEWS ON THIS PRODUCT AND WANTED TO USE IT FOR MY PURSE. I WAS SURPRISED WHEN I RECEIVED IT. ALTHOUGH IT HAS MANY COMPARTMENTS TO STORE ALL OF YOUR PENS, IT WAS WAY TOO BIG TO PUR IN MY PURSE AND SEEMED MORE LIKE A HASTLE THAN HELP--VERY CUMBERSOME TAKING THE PENS OUT. DONT BUY! TOO BIG AND CLUNKY.
I was leery of purchasing an HP printer because I've had problems with any other printers besides lexmark that I'd purchased in the past. When my lexmark died, The wireless versions were out of stock & since I had an HP laptop I figured I'd try an HP printer. I'm regretting that decision now. 1. The ink cartridges have to be replaced 2-3 times a MONTH. compared to the lexmark of 1x mo2. the quality of the printing isn't as good as lexmark. 3. It doesn't take banners or longer size paper. - my lexmarks did. 4. 3 months after I installed it, it stopped communicating with the computer. In order to print anything, I'd have to walk down 2 flights of stairs, turn the printer on and off MANUALLY, then walk back 2 flights of stairs down the hall to my router and turn that on and off!!!! - I had to do this EVERY SINGLE TIME I wanted to print anything! Not being a computer wiz I did not know & shouldn't have to know how to remedy that problem! 5. 4th month it started getting paper jams left and right. I finally threw it away because the whole freakin reason I wanted a wireless is so i didn't have to walk down & up 2 flights of stairs to print something. I'm disabled & just walking hurts at night. My lexmark lasted 4 years, I printed on heavy cardstock, even fabric- if it fit in the guide lines the lexmark would print on it. I'll not purchase another HP. Shoulda bought a LEXMARK.
This won't work wirelessly with our all Mac household. Returned it. It does look nice and sleek, though. Too bad. Had to return it.
3 consistent complaints among users, including me: (1) Color prints are too red, (2) Ink HOG, (3) Mine stopped working after 3 months with a "Print head is incorrect - install the correct print head" message. Well, the print head is the original Canon factory-installed one. I would rate this below zero if I could. Ink Hog + Not Working After 3 Months + Prints Too Red.
UPDATE:I've only printed maybe 200 pages with this printer, but it's a CONSTANT problem which means it takes me MUCH longer to get work done. I'm on an extra hour trying to print a presentation of 40 pages. It just decides to stop printing and tells me to turn it off and back on. That usually gets it going, but it takes FOREVER to print a page after you turn the power back on. It uses A LOT of ink, even though I've only printed about 200 pages through it. I'd never buy another Canon product. This is just trash. -----------------------------------------After a power failure, the stupid printer tells me I didn't turn it off correctly. It takes forever to print a page after turning it on after a power failure, and even if the thing was already powered up. It seems to use a lot of ink, and I don't even use the thing. Maybe I've printed 20 pages with it total. I primarily use my old Brother because it's faster. I wanted to replace that piece of garbage because it uses a lot of ink - and won't print if any cartridge is empty. Same thing with this Canon - maybe worse. The ONLY thing I use this printer for is Airprint from apple devices. That works OK - except it takes A LONG TIME to start printing. I didn't buy an Epson (the original Airprint printers) because of the hassles I've had with Epson printers over the years (we used to buy a lot of them)The paper tray in the front is really unfriendly, and the paper tray in the back is extremely unfriendly to use. You'd think the idiots who design these things would try using them for a while to see how pissed off they get, before selling the junk. I really don't know what brand/model is a better printer, but I'd suggest NOT buying Canon, Epson or Brother - unless you own stock in the company. We do have one older Canon MX870 All in 1 printer that doesn't seem to stop printing black when it runs out of color, but the reviews on that printer says it does the same thing as this piece of junk (we hardly ever print color). We mainly use it for incoming and outgoing faxes, and it seems to work OK for that. As a matter of fact the document feeder seems to take as many pages as we give it without skipping any (so far, we've been using it for about a year). We have it on our wired network in-case someone needs to print to it (or we can fax from any PC), and that works when we occasionally need to. Not a good printer - EDITED - Absolutely TERRIBLE printer.
I returned this piece of junk because during set-up it ate the paper. Then proceeded to have problem after problem with the seller. My advice? DO NOT buy one of these printers. It should have DEFECTIVE printed where it says Canon. I couldn't tell you if the wireless works because I never got that far. It was too busy eating paper. Nice ink though. Very colorful when smeared. Canon Pixma Printer.
I got this on special and was so excited that I bought one for my neighbor also and his print heads went out also so read the reviews before buying a printer but I would take this one off your list! There is a real problem with the print heads.
Printer was received November 3. Installation was done on November 11 but failed because printer would not recognize ink cartridges. Calls to Epson on November 11 and November 15 received promises to overnight new cartridges. None were ever received. I bought new cartridges at Amazon and Staples; and these were tried on November 29. Printer would not recognize them. Amazon return request was submitted November 29. First email from seller, "LowPriceFastShipping," claimed I was beyond thirty-day return period and that they would consider making an exception. I furnished UPS tracking info showing November 3 delivery. Now seller seems now cooperative but did not immediately agree to accept a return. I will avoid this seller and this printer in the future. Dec 2 - Amazon gave me a full refund after my third call to them today. Seller never agreed to a refund and kept asking for more time to review the matter. Dead-on-arrival printer sits in my office repacked in its original box and will go in the dumpster since Amazon said they do not want it back. I grade this Amazon - B, LowPriceFastShipping - F, Epson - F. Can't See Cartridges, Epson No Help, Seller Not So Great.
Field test of this Epson Artisan 837 shows the claimed scanner resolution of 4800 dpi is far in excess of actual results. Only 300 lines per inch scanner resolution can be achieved. (Caveat: this result is so bad that I can only imagine that I scanned the test pattern in `Standard' rather than `Best' quality, despite my selection of `Best'). Dealbreaker note: when scanning to USB media, this unit overwrote three prior Epson test results with files of the same name. That is, it did not check for and correct for file name collision. That is unacceptable. Other shortcomings noted below. -- Roy ZiderRated : 4800 dpi optical resolution for scannerMeasured: 300 lpi actual pixel granularityScanned: 7/21/2012 12:03 at Best Buy, Oakland, CAScan target: A&P; PM-189 (15 lines in funnel patterns)PRIOR TEST RESULTS WERE LOST - overwritten in USB by this test of Artisan 837. INEXCUSABLE. Quality selections: `Standard' and `Best' only. Four tests run at `Best', I thought. Scan to PDF or JPG only; no tiff evidently. Document selection is either `Text' or `Photo'All four tests are rgb 2531 x 3281, irrespective of `text' or `photo'. Pixel granularity is clearly 300 dpi for all test scans. Jpg compression clouds the scan. Epson Artisan 837 is not 4800 dpi scanner.
The Epson software provided with this printer installs spyware on your computer in the form of the Ask. com toolbar without your knowledge. A few days ago I found that the Ask toolbar had been installed on one of my systems at a time when no one was at work or using the computers. It took only a few minutes to find that the offending software was installed by the Epson printer software. In fact it had been installed on all six computers in my office that had the Epson 837 printer installed. A look at the Add/Remove programs screen also revealed the following software: Epson Customer Participation, Epson Download Navigator, and Epson Event Manager. All these programs communicate over the internet and all were apparently installed with the Epson software packageI am very frustrated with the endless task of trying to keep all the unwanted junk ware, ad ware, and spyware off my machines. I accuse Epson of sleazy business practices. How about it Epson? Have you no shame? Have you no ethics? UPDATE 11/18/2013 After a recent install carefully choosing not to allow any internet access to the Epson Software, I got a popup from Windows Security Alert saying Windows Firewall had blocked net access to EEventManager by SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. I chose to Keep Blocking the software. Also got a popup from Epson requesting that I install the LTCM Desktop Client. This is so called "non harmful" spyware by Leader Technologies. And yet another popup from Epson requesting that I become a part of "a new research study to understand printer and ink use. If you choose to help, your printer usage data will be sent anonymously to Epson. "I now think I understand at least a part of why they are wanting to update firmware and track my ink use. I found one person on the internet complaining that after Epson had updated their firmware the third party ink they were using no longer worked. I would very much like to know what others are observing about Epson's behavior. ===================================2/11/2014 UpdateI would not recommend this printer if you plan to use non Epson Ink. Tried several brands with the two 837s that I own and none have performed for any length of time. The Epson ink is very expensive. Epson Installs Spyware On Your Computer.
Before purchasing I did extensive research on multifunction inkjet printers - after a few disasters with HP products it appeared that Epson had a quality advantage so I switched brands - this printer never has produced the superior photo printing that was expected as advertised - recently it has started leaking yellow ink on every page printed in a variety of globs and stripes - most of the recent negative reviews are about this yellow ink problem with some claiming puddles of ink appearing under the printer - since this printer is now out of warranty the only option I have is to feed it to the dumpster and start my research for a replacement all over again - because of past history with flawed HP printers I am not sure which brand to try next - I would highly recommend you DO NOT buy this printerUPDATE - FEB 2014Epson graciously replaced this printer - the replacement does everything so much better it makes me think that my original printer was flawed from the start - this is what I expected from Epson when I purchased the original WP-4540 - the color printing is spot on and no yellow ink dripping! Yellow Ink Dripper.
Here is my original review of this product: (see below for my important updates): This printer is fast and efficient. I was impressed with the nice, vivid colors that it prints. It is super easy to set up/install. I love that you don't even need to plug it into your computer - you can just use your wi-fi. You can print from mobile devices such as iPhones and iPads. The ink that comes with the printer can print about 1000 pages (900 with color). (And of course, you can purchase higher-capacity ink cartridges to print even more. ) The paper cassette holds about 300 sheets or more. I love the 2-sided printing feature - and it is fast! The scanning/copying features work great. I feel like this printer has the capabilities of a large office copier/printer, but on a slightly smaller scale for home use. I have been wanting to get a laser printer for some time, knowing that they are more efficient if you print a lot of pages. I feel like I change out my ink SO often that my inkjet printer was a waste of money. Now I don't need a laser printer - my Epson is super efficient and cost-effective. I love that I can have the ability to print a lot of things in color, and still save money on my printing. Highly recommended printer! ***UPDATES***Ok, so as you can see I really did love this printer. I printed TONS and tons of things with this, lots and lots of full-color printouts and lots of black and white pages with text. I have had it just over a year. All of a sudden, something goes wrong and there is yellow ink spilled ALL over the inside of the printer. Everything I print out has this big leaky yellow stripe all down the middle of the page. After googling the problem and looking online, it turns out that MANY others have had this exact same issue (always with the yellow ink). I called Epson customer service and they were very nice, but because my printer was past the warranty they could not do anything except recommend I get it serviced. They said that my printer is basically characterized as having HARDWARE FAILURE. They did give me a discount on their website for purchasing a new one, if that is cheaper than getting this one serviced. I would be really wary of purchasing this same printer again, which is really a shame because I got such great use out of it and did love it for a year. Be aware that soon after your warranty is up, your printer will fail. UPDATED: I used to LOVE this printer… PLEASE READ.
Printer worked flawlessly for 6 months. -- was a real trooper. Then it jammed, made a very loud noise, and never fed a sheet of paper again. Epson's idea of customer service was I should pay nearly what the printer cost to have it repaired, or to offer me a discount on a new printer. I think I'll buy my next printer from a company that can make a printer that doesn't break when it jams. Overall I think when you consider the cost of ink, the cost of the printer, and how few pages I printed before it died, I'd say it cost me at least $1/page. DO NOT BUY.
These labels would be AWESOME if the template worked properly. They did not smudge and they stick well. HOWEVER, the template prints off-center so that the text is not centered and the background color doesn't fill the whole circle. It looks so unprofessional that I threw away the ones I printed. I'll keep them in case I have time one day to fiddle with the template to make it correct, or have a use for them that doesn't have to look professional, but otherwise it's pretty disappointing. I printed them with the label paper facing both ways (top in and bottom in) and both times it printed incorrectly. I don't know what others are doing differently, because it gets good reviews. Very disappointing.
I bought these to print information for my son's birthday party invitations (homemade). But, even though they are advertised as working with printers, they were too thick to run through the auto or manual feed of my Brother laser jet printer. So, I ended up handwriting on them. Does not run through printer!
I wish I could give this a negative amount of stars. I wanted this to run through a printer to stick on party invitations. But, they are too thick. Does not run through printer!!!!!
I just wasted a half hour of my life with these crappy labels. I have a good laser printer that use for professional work on many different paper weights, and I have never had feeding problems. These labels NEVER fed correctly. They slipped every time, probably because of the slick surface texture, so I ended up using the entire envelope up without a single correctly printed page. Most of the time the labels didn't even get up to the printing mechanism, because they slipped too much. And, with the few that I did get printed - although not positioned correctly on the label, because it had slipped in the printer - the ink smeared when I applied them to the jars, leaving them mostly unreadable. And yes, I even waited after the labels came out to be sure the ink was set. Still, the slick surface texture wouldn't take the ink, so they smeared if touched. They say they are water resistant, but they aren't even dry finger resistant. Unacceptable. Unacceptable.
I did buy this at Best Buy on sale however the current price on line is cheaper now. I absolutely love this printer. It printed 200 very detailed invitations and all the edges where also printed (no borders of white)… printed on white cardstock. I went through 2 colored packs and 1 black and 1 extra cyan color (navy blue theme) on the highest quality setting and no borders plus a lot of preview prints before the final invitation creation was decided on. I got some ink on amazon for cheaper then in the stores that I looked at Target Walmart Best Buy. Best Buy is the most expensive for the ink… Target was close to Amazon pricing but listed at on sale the day I looked. I should mention I used one package of the colored in 127 and one in the 126… I don't know the difference but I saw somewhere it said the 126 has less ink. Which maybe why I ran out of the cyan so fast when I had the 126 cyan in the printer. I also have used this constantly for my Dad to print double-sided for copies of he business papers, tax forms and other forms we need to keep on file. It has only jamed once and that was because I didn't set the printer to the correct setting I had it on paper with only text and it was a paper that had a picture on it… which did warm me to change the setting but I failed to read it until I tried printing that paper again! I am now trying to print my return address on the large greeting cards and have yet to find how to put it to that setting. It only lets me do envelopes at a 5. 5 to 8. 5 when I need it to be 5. 75 x 8. 5. I tried printing one at that setting and it does not look good. I will read online to see if I can find a way to do it. Which by the way Epson has these videos that you can watch that let you actually see on your computer which parts to click on for different projects! I lost my direction book and found the one for doing double sided printing and it was easy as can be! Easy installation! You can go on-line and watch how to do that before you actually attempt it if you worry you might screw it up! I did because I hate fixing my dumb mistakes! I was glad I did! I gave it 4 stars because it has been difficult to see how to print those one envelopes and also my Dell Printer which only prints black ink and the colored ink part broke right after warranty… why I got this one, does copy much better pictures and also is easier to figure out. I don't like how this Epson works for making picture copies and the pictures just don't look right. I will keep my Dell for that picture scanning reason! Keep in mind that I may not have it at a correct setting so don't let that stop you from buying this printer. Look it up on the Epson site first to see if you can change the settings. I don't care for right now! 1 year after purchase… printer was working great except that I could never get the bottom paper drawer to work for me which meant I had to go replace my top tray of regular paper with the specialty paper I needed on occasion. Now to the "hate it" part. I spent $100 plus a ton of money on ink on this printer and after the year has gone by with not a lot of use but at least 2 reams of paper used in that year. It jammed and when I went to read the directions on how to pull it out then after following the steps to remove the paper jam it didn't print nice anymore so I read how to fix that and followed the directions for all of those tests to run to fix the issue. Nothing worked and it was past the warranty. My computer person said it would cost half the price of the printer to get it fixed and since it was so big and you couldn't even use the bottom part and it didn't print nice pictures I opted to get a new printer. Funny thing is I read every review on amazon and found these complaints within the really great reviews. Love this printer… edit 1 year later hate this printer.
Was decent when it worked, but now after owning it for only 3months, it constantly reports auto doc feed jams, errors communicating with the computer for scans (no problem for printing), and prints blank sheets of paper when making photocopies. constant problems.
I decided to write a review of this printer as I sit and wait for it to print 20 pages… its been about 40 minutes. So… The first thing I discovered is that I have to print on the fine setting or higher for my printer to print a quality color picture. This is a pain because it prints slower. Second, I bought it brand new, have been using it less than a month, have not printed a significant amount and my ink levels are much lower than I expected for the use! I bought this printer because it claimed to be an excellent printer with low ink cost. So fair its not an excellent computer or low on ink cost. epic fail x 2. I will say the wireless capability works. I have had no problems setting it up to wireless or printing it from a wireless connection. I haven't tried the copier, scanner or printing photos. I can only imagine how that one would go. Almost 45 minutes later and my 20 color pages (mostly B&w;, with a color logo) are nearly done. And survey says???? This copier is ridiculous. Its so cheap because it does not work well. My advice? Go with a different printer if you want frustration free printing and value your time! Official print time for 20 pages: 49 minutes. &lt;---- epic fail Epson, epic fail*************UPDATE************So I did figure out how to get the printer to print faster. I have to have it on "quality" setting. This seems to be eating up ink like crazy. I didn't even get to use the printer for three weeks before I had to change the ink cartridges. And as someone said in a review - it wont print unless all the cartridges are at a certain level. For instance, by black went out, but I still have plenty of my other colors, but it wont print with me changing to a new cartridge. I think this is going to be a very expensive printer after all :-/Sarah 3/6/13 Epic fail for Epson - nearly an hour for 20 pages???
Please tell me what magic this contains to make the ink so expensive? Unicorn horns? Eye of newt? How can we produce an entire netbook computer including all the components and the cost of the operating system for $199 yet can't make an ink cartridge for $10? Disgraceful. Far too expensive for what it is.
I ordered this in April as a replacement when my yellow ran out - just installed a couple of days ago and already marked as empty and needing replacement - the cartridge was sent in a vinyl sealed envelope, not the factory box that is displayed on Amazon so I suspect that this was a refurbished and reloaded cartridge, not factory fresh I had been led to believe - if you get the vinyl pocket packed cartridge, instead of the Epson cardboard boxed cartridge, I would recommend you return it immediately and demand Amazon send you what they picture for this product, not an obvious reloaded used cartridge that ran out almost immediately - the vinyl shipping envelope was marked "made for japan only" which was a clue that I should have taken warning of - shame on you 3Day ShippingUPDATE - I ordered these cartridges directly from Epson for $24. 49 - no shipping charges - received FRESH factory cartridges properly boxed - for $3 savings its not worth the grief of receiving reloaded cartridges from one of Amazon's vendors Mostly empty cartridge from "3Day Shipping".
Rating Grade: big fat F-Since the moment it arrive it has been giving me nothing but hell. Setting it up it didn't work. Had to call company. It finally started working, then wifi won't work. Then that started working after a few days. It print a couple of prints, then tell me I'm out of paper and there is clearly paper in the printer, a new set. When it told me I need paper I only printer 3 papers so far. Then in the same day it told me I'm out of ink and I only had like what a month and used it three times since purchase. Tried it again today. Same thing. I don't want to call the company again going through warranty stuff. I wish so bad I can get my money back. All this trouble for what the company claim the printer can do. It was not worth it for me. I HATE THIS PRINTER.
Smead usually makes quality paper supplies. In their defense, 2" wallets as opposed to expanding paper folders are limited in use. Putting 2 inches of paper in them makes them flimsy. I think that the paper thickness of the product has decreased over the years so the stock that Smead uses is not as strong and rigid. Also I did not receive the velcro closure but the rubberband closure. I would have liked the velcro closure though. My recommendation would be to purchase generic wallets as they would be less expensive and serve just as well. Much Better Expanding Wallets Out There.
For the price the Kodak ESP C315 is an acceptable printer for home use. I did have an issue with a paper jam when printing my daughter's book report. Perhaps it's a bit finicky when printing multiple pages at once. My other printer at home is a Canon MG5220. There are things I really like about it, such as the enclosed paper tray for 8 1/2 x 11 paper. I wish Kodak would implement that option, as the open rear paper tray seems to be a major dust & pet hair catcher around here. I like the more efficient ink cartridges in the Kodak printer. Replacing the cartridges in the Canon can be really expensive so this is a definite improvement. All in all, I'd say this is a good printer for using at home. Update- I'd put the Kodak printer back in the box, and was using my Canon until recently. I brought it back out beginning of September when I needed it for printing my children's homework assignments. Within a couple weeks of use I began to have issues with the printhead. I kept getting errors that "the printhead is missing or installed incorrectly" no matter how many times I removed and put it back in. After looking around online I see that this is a common issue with the Kodak series, that some have had to contact Customer Service and get a new printhead upwards of 6 or more times. This is ridiculous. I printed maybe 20 pages total before the issue began. I was able to get a replacement printhead from Kodak customer support but it took nearly an hour on their Live Help before they'd send me one. They first had me try firmware updates and other pretty useless steps to finally prove to them that the error would not go away. If I get the issue again with the replacement, I'll probably just junk the printer (take it to the recycling center) and go back to using my Canon exclusively. There's very little difference in the ink costs to make this worthwhile and I'm pretty fed up at the moment with Kodak's idea of "support. " Good for home use until the dreaded printhead issue- Do not buy!
The wi-fi connection is unreliable. Sometimes it will work, sometimes it won't. Sometimes I have to restart the printer and it will work. And it doesn't come with a USB cable, so if you want to work it by having it physically connected to your computer, get ready to go to the store. It gets paper jams too frequently, is noisy & feels cheap. The buttons and things just don't have a sturdy feel to them compared to my HP printers I've had in the past. If you're looking for a new printer, this is NOT it! What a Hassle!
I don't usually take the time to write a review, but this has probably been the worst product I have ever purchased on Amazon. First, you should know that I spent over 2 hours on the phone with Brother support. They were very respectful. Only problem is, this machine is a piece of crap. It's supposed to be a multi-function device, but the only "function" that works on this thing is the printer--so why pay more for the other, dysfunctional, functions? FAXThe first problem is this machine HAS NEVER SUCCESSFULLY SENT A FAX. I have tried at least 30 times, and some of the faxes are practically blank. Now, like most people these days, I have digital phone service and one of the settings is for "basic" mode so it can be used with "inferior" digital phone service. Yet even in basic mode, it has never once successfully sent a fax. The support people blamed it all on the digital phone line. I was treated to a 5-minute lecture about digital voice and bandwidth, which started with the statement "we do not support [digital phone service]". While they blamed the problems on the phone service, they could not explain why I get 5 different error messages for the same "problem. " They also could not explain why I have never before had this problem in 7 years of digital phone service. The worst part is that this machine keeps resending the failed faxes over and over, without me asking it to do so, and it then prints several stupid 1-line reports repeating that the faxes failed. Well duh! There was already an error message on screen and a beeping noise telling me that each fax failed--again. Customer support tells me that these settings (atomatic repeated attempts to fax without change of settings, and wasting paper and ink on numerous/redundant 1-line error messages) are permanent and cannot be changed. SCANNINGNot only does the fax not work, but some SCAN FUNCTIONS HAVE STOPPED WORKING. I use this machine for online banking, among other things. My bank's website controls the scanner remotely when I deposit a check online, but the scan/deposit function has recently stopped working and I get various error messages instead. OTHERThere are also a lot of quirks about this machine that I just don't like, but which are not primary functions. For example: I have my home-office phone running through the fax machine. Every time I use the phone, the machine and its display click on for the duration of my call; they then shut off as soon as I hang up. It's creepy and it feels like the machine is monitoring my calls, so I leave it turned off most of the time. The machine also routes the phone calls somehow. After half an hour on the phone with my first support call, the representative instructed me to turn the machine off. When I did so, the call was dropped. The phone works just fine if the machine is already off, but DO NOT SHUT IT OFF DURING A CALL. If you do, your call will be dropped. And finally, this thing is just poorly designed in my opinion. *The user interface is not at all intuitive. *The machine periodically turns on by itself and seems to warm up (and use ink? ) for no apparent reason and without being sent any data. *It also prints A LOT of reports. It prints a report every time a fax fails. It prints a report every time the network settings are changed. Some of these reports are 1 line and say something like "network setup OK. " I find myself asking, why did it waste paper and ink for this? My hours on the phone with customer support revealed that all of these are permanent settings and cannot be changed. *Good luck using basic driver functions. I hate how hardware manufacturers want you to use their memory intensive junkware bundles for something as simple as printing and scanning. Give me drivers and software that allow me to send a print job and scan when I want to, without 8 perpetual processes that slow and monitor my every click. I'm not even sure you can scan on this thing without a mega-suite of software. Brother makes some great products. We've had the same Brother sewing machine for like 10 years, and I have a Brother laser printer that I am very pleased with (except the aforementioned and ubiquitous software issues). But the MFC-J425W is not a good Brother product. Save yourself a headache and get something else. OMG Please Don't Buy This.
When asking a simple question about how to change some scan settings, I got the run around, over and over. They literally would give me a "script reply", and each time I told them that it didn't answer the question, they would just choose another random non relevant answer to a question I didn't ask. All in broken English, of course. worst tech support I have ever dealt with.
I hate this thing. The print quality is terrible. I should've known better based on the low price. But it got a great rating on Consumer Reports. I don't know why the rating would be so high on this clunker. Poor print quality, loud, slow. Don't buy, it's a waste of money.
Dymo 500TS reviewFirst impression: This thing is BIG, in fact the biggest label maker I have ever seen (it's about the size of my desk phone). However the quality of construction is very substantial, it looks like it was designed to last a long time. This is not a cheap plastic handheld label maker by any means. Keyboard spacing and feel is almost touch-type quality. Setting it up: Although a full instruction booklet is enclosed, it doesn't seem to have been written by anyone who has actually used the 500TS. The first instruction is to insert the battery being careful to observe the polarity markings. Yes the battery itself has + and - markings, they are nowhere to be found on the printer itself and the terminals are deeply recessed in the unit. The only way of doing it right is to try to figure out the little drawing in the book. Inserting the label cassette was just as challenging, it only fits one way but Dymo does a terrible job illustrating how it goes. Final note on setup is that the manufacturer states the battery comes partially charged. When I first turned mine on I had a red warning signal indicating I had to charge the battery before I could do anything. None of the setup issues are major enough to lose a star, just minor inconveniences. Kudos, though, that they included a USB cable. In use: This is purported to be the only label maker with a touch-sensitive screen, thereby making it one of its key focus features, so let's start there. The screen in indeed large and bright. If you're used to the touchscreen on a smartphone or tablet computer, you will be disappointed, it takes a healthy push most of the time to get it to recognize a command (and at other times a light touch is all that's needed). The screen is very bright if you look straight at it. In another example of the disconnect between concept and execution, however, if you place the unit on a desk in normal operating position the angle of view makes the screen fade off substantially. I found myself always hunching over the unit to get a better view, or tilting it toward me. The controls are fairly intuitive, which is a good thing because the user manual won't help you out much. Plan on using most of the 10' starter roll to get used to what all the menu features are for. When used with a computer: Connecting to a computer allows you to use the 500TS along with any other Dymo labelers you may own (I happen to have a LabelWriter that prints standard shipping labels, so the one piece of software will run both printers). There are a few added features but some added frustrations (I'm getting used to this now with the 500TS). For example, since the printer can only work on battery power, when it auto-shuts down while you create a label on your computer you have to go through the entire start-up process again. You can't restart the label printer from your computer. Other observations: For a $200 label maker I was surprised the computer software disk was not enclosed, it has to be downloaded online. It's another item that's not a deal breaker but makes the whole experience of using the product less than ideal. Finally, I started this review by stating how large this printer is. It is clearly designed to be a desktop printer, not a portable printer. Yet the manufacturer, for some unfathomable reason, decided to power it from a rechargeable battery, ONLY. It cannot be plugged in and operated from house current. That just doesn't make sense. That means carefully unplugging it after the battery is charged (a point in the instruction manual is not to continue charging if the battery is not charged within the specified time). I'm not sure why it is battery powered at all, but it seems AC would be the default and battery would be an option. Even more bizarrely, if you turn the unit off while it is still plugged in, it becomes a cool retro flip-flop clock (but there is no reference to this in the owner's manual). The clock does NOT come on when used without the battery charger attached (but apparently the battery charger should not stay attached). There is no doubt the 500TS is very capable. The final results are fine, but no better than a $15 labeler you can buy at any office supply store. I can't imagine what its market is, though. At $200 it is far beyond something the average home would need, but its reliance on rechargeable batteries and high cost of consumable don't make it a practical choice for business use either. I think this item appears to be a "pet project" of someone within Dymo that wasn't fully thought through. Lacking any significant issues or problems I believe a fair ranking is 3 stars for "It's OK". UPDATE: (exactly one month later) - When I first got the printer I printed 2-3 quick test labels. Today, after a month of not being used, when I went to print a label the battery was completely dead (and of course, there is no way to use the printer on AC) so I had to wait several hours just to print one label. Apparently the battery drains whether the unit is on or not. This is a senseless design problem for the unit that renders it almost useless. I just dropped it down a star for this. UPDATE 2: After another 2 weeks I went to print another label and despite it not being used, the battery was dead again. Remember, it won't work off of AC, so I had to wait a few hours to print just one label. I just took away another star and am now rating this product "Not recommended - unacceptable design and performance" Unacceptable design and performance.
UPDATE:Since initially reviewing this product, my opinion has gone WAY down. This is the only printer I've ever dealt with where the wireless settings must be reset at practically EVERY use. I even have reserved an IP address for the printer on my wireless router to ensure that the same settings are available at all times. When I go to print, the printer is disconnected from the wireless network and I have to use WPS to re-authorize the printer for my network. It's just not worth the hassle. SKIP this printer and find something that doesn't cause you to want to drop it out the window. ORIGINAL REVIEW:My Epson Print/Scan/Fax printer's auto document feeder bit the dust just a couple of weeks after the warranty ran out. So, I'm using it as an inkjet printer, but I needed a new machine for the fax and scan capabilities. When this machine came up as a selection on the Amazon Vine program, I was happy to get it. Now that it's up and running, it is operating properly. The monochrome print quality is equivalent to most of the products out there. The text is fairly crisp, and the (monochrome) images are fairly good with the proper shades of grey. But I'm disappointed in several key features, which I'll detail below. 1. Set-up: C-/D+First of all, the 'quick start' guide is a joke. There's NO instruction. Just pictures. I'm sure that's to get away from the 80-page installation manual in 16 different languages, but it just is not what you're expecting with a new device. There is a ridiculous html-based user guide on the enclosed CD rather than a searchable PDF. There IS one manual--a network set-up guide which launches right into different set-up scenarios. But it doesn't really walk you through the scenarios properly; yes, it shows you the steps in the installer, but there's nothing in there about next steps (e. g. it adds the printer via the USB connection but doesn't tell you that you also need to add a wireless queue/selection for the Mac). For those uninitiated in printer set-up… well, you'd be hard-pressed to get this printer up and running unless you are lucky enough to have (and understand how to use) the WPS set-up on your wireless router. Thus, the installation is a pain in the rear and gets a C-/D+. (ADDENDUM: Something happened to the wireless setting… I no longer see the device. I'm going to have to set it up all over again. So my new grade is D. )2. Mobile Device Printing: D-You have to download and use the Samsung Mobile Print app for your iPhone, iPad and Android. What this means is that you cannot print like an AirPrint enabled printer; you have to print THROUGH the Samsung app. Your documents have to be found and accessible via the App (not easy) or stored in Google Docs (not DropBox). URLs have to be copied and pasted into the Web feature rather than printing directly from your browser. It DOES access your photo albums on your device so you can print pics from the App, but given that this is a Monochrome printer, I don't think I'll be doing that. (Addendum: The Samsung app stinks. It is always giving a memory error… even when it's the only app running. )3. Print/Copy Quality: BIt's average print quality. Nothing special. First printed page is generally as slow as most laser printers. The duplex printing is simple and seamless. The Eco mode is kind of cool… one press of a button, and you get automatic duplex printing and Toner Save, plus skipping blank pages. Nice. I have not tried the fax or the ADF yet. The ADF can feed up to 50 pages at one time… nice. 4. ADDENDUM: ADF. While the document feed works, it's ultra-sensitive. If you don't have heavyweight paper going through or if the paper is wrinkled a bit… the device could eat your original! Yipes! I've had Samsung laser printers before, and the quality has been good. I hope that this one is built better than the horrid Epson Artisan 800 that crapped out on me! UPDATED: Decent Monochrome Printer, Lackluster Support for Mobile Devices, HORRIBLE Wireless Connectivity.
I was hopeful about the quality of this printer after the sketch-by-sketch instructions on how to meticulously remove (and dispose of) ten pieces tape and packing foam used to keep the equipment safe for transport. After this step, however, the customer experience fell apart. (I should have realized there was a problem after reading the large red card that said STOP "Before returning the product to the store, please contact us at… ")I have medium-high tech expertise with my home office setup, and I spent about an hour trying all the different installation variations--connect to the printer via wireless network (failed), connect using the USB cable (failed), install the software without a connection (failed)--before giving up and calling a more advanced techie friend. Only after 2 MORE HOURS of trying, and finally having to do a process that was listed NOWHERE in the manual, did we succeed at getting the printer connected. The printing is acceptable at best - low-resolution grayscale, even when the `Best Quality' option is selected. The color scanning is mediocre - colors are washed out, though resolution is high. But all is not lost… the mis-translations in the install guide and in the software interface do provide good humor value. :) Horrible, horrible, horrible installation experience. Mediocre printing/scanning.
This is an updated review. I was finally able to get the printer installed and working both with Windows and with my Mac (thanks to those who answered my questions and offered suggestions here! )Now that it is working, I do have to say that it is a decent bare-bones printer but it is quirky. The good:-- It prints clearly and quickly and it handles my 65-pound paper fine so far. -- Compact footprint so it makes a good addition to my cubicle where counter space is very limitedThe not-so-good:-- The installation -- trying to find the drivers, trying to get my computer to actually see the printer (when hooked up directly via USB),-- SHORT power cord (better find an extension cord or place it RIGHT next to your power strip)-- DRAWS a lot of power when it is firing up and printing -- the lights actually flicker and it tripped the circuit breaker on my industrial-strength surge protector/UPS. I have had to put it on its own outlet. -- It has an "eco mode" (which is ironic given how much power it draws when printing) and sometimes it will not wake up. At those times, I have to fiddle with it, unplug it for awhile, and swear at it several times before it will come back up for me. -- Pages smell when freshly printed due to the laser toner. -- The ink "peels" off the page and sticks to the back of other pages. What a MESS! -- Working with the toner cartridge is a messy endeavor -- don't be wearing white when you do it! For my needs, I don't see this as a big step up from an ink jet which would be less money and have more functionality. But if all you need is occasional "quick and b/w printing" and you REALLY REALLY want laser, this will work. Good luck. [NCJVR] Flakey installation -- poor print quality. I'm going back to inkjet.
I go through a lot of printers. For what I do, I generally don't need a fancy printer, and you can always pick up a bargain printer for less than the cost of ink (or toner) for an existing printer. Some are good, some not so good, but none has been any problem until this thing. My biggest complaint is that after sending a job to the Samsung printer, my computer will not go into "sleep" mode. It just hangs at the "Preparing to stand by… " screen. I uninstalled the original Samsung software, did a system restore, got the latest driver, and still the problem persists. The problem ONLY occurs after using this Samsung printer. This is completely unacceptable. This printer has just achieved "boat anchor" status. Other annoyances:The Samsung printer software (installed from the boxed CD) hijacked my Print Screen key for some "easy capture manager" nonsense. I do not appreciate so-called "easy" software that changes the way my computer works without so much as a "by your leave". Prints of grayscale images (photos, shaded objects, etc. ) have horizontal lines that shouldn't be there, showing that the toner is not distributed evenly. The manual feed slot is a bad joke. There is nothing to support the paper, so presumably you're supposed to stand there and hold it until the printer starts taking it in. No matter how I try to adjust the side guides, the paper does not feed straight, giving me trapezoidal shipping labels. I agree with another reviewer in regard to removing the output slot cover. It serves no purpose other than to create paper jams if you forget to open it before printing. Too bad you can't move it down to the manual feed slot; it would make an ideal support for the paper there. No printed manual; browser-based user manual complains that my default browser is not Internet Explorer. Also, pages are too wide for a standard 1024-pixel-wide display. Dumb glitches from a "name" brand. Stay far away from this one! What a disaster.
Positives:I love this printer. I got it to replace another Samsung Printer, a ML-2525 which chugged along happily for years with no problems. My experience with my old Samsung is that the print cartridge lasts forever (not the case with my HP or Epson printers)(as good as my old Lexmark E210 though) and costs less than other printers to replace (specifically, less than my HP). So that is my basis for comparison. I have a Windows PC running Windows 7, and a Mac running Leopard. I haven't tried to print from my Mac yet, and will update my review when I do so. I would try the Samsung Mobile Print app, but it only works on Android phones. I moved my Samsung Galaxy Captivate from AT&T; to T-Mobile, and it became slow. Therefore, I replaced it with a Windows Phone. Horrible decision, I regret it to this day. The pain I feel every time I look at my Nokia Windows Phone is intolerable. And since the Nokia Windows Phone uses a micro SD card, I can't change back to my beloved Samsung Galaxy Captivate easily. Don't make the same mistake I did. Buy a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 (not yet available for T-Mobile, because I transferred to the Cursed Carrier with old phones and dubious connectivity) and make your life better. But I digress. Back to this printer review. Setup is easy. The printer comes with a setup CD, which is great, buy my laptop has no CD drive. Windows update detected the printer when I powered it on, though, and found and set up the drivers no problem. It started working instantly. In my profession, I have voluminous printed records that need to be read, filed, and disseminated. This printer prints *very* quickly. No, I did not time how quickly. I love that it prints double sided so that I can save on paper. Negatives:The power cord is really short. If you need to reach around your desk to plug it in, you will need an extension cord of a few feet. UPDATE: May 6, 2013: I need a new printer cartridge. Samsung MLT-D103L/XAA Toner 2. 5K High Yield (ML-2955ND/DW, SCX-4729FD/FW)I use my printer in my home office, so it gets a lot of use. I am upset that the printer cartridge costs almost as much as the new printer, but at least with Samsung, the ink lasts for a while. UPDATE: MARCH 11, 2014: All of a sudden, my printer stopped working. First I had trouble with the driver, so I uninstalled it tried to reinstall it. The reinstall process did not work, because the computer could not detect the printer. I had it connected via USB. I unplugged and replugged the USB, unplugged and replugged the power cord, installed and uninstalled the driver. No dice. I called Samsung customer service (800-726-7864). They had me do basically the same thing again. While doing it, the printer simply stopped turning on. I plugged it into a different wall outlet, through a power strip, all the variables. No dice. The Samsung customer service people told me the warranty expired on February 28, 2014, so they can't help me. All in all, this printer lasted a year and a half. Frankly, I expected more. Big loss of money, especially since I had just bought another toner cartridge for the printer. What a waste. I'm changing my rating of this printer from five stars to one star. Even a first class printer should last more than just a year and a half. My Lexmark E210 lasted almost a decade. I would still be using that if they had kept updating the drivers for it. Seriously, what a waste. ONE STAR. FABULOUS PRODUCT, BUT SHORT-LIVED. DIED IN ONE AND A HALF YEARS**** DO NOT BUY.
I bought this as an ultra-cheap SOHO printer that I hoped would be adequate for my sometime use as a solo practitioner attorney. I find that the text reproduction is very sharp, as I read in other reviews. Unfortunately, this product has some glaring flaws. First and foremost, the 35-sheet ADF (document feeder) is hobbled by the printer's lack of memory. Even though you can physically fit 35 sheets or so into the feeder, only 8 or so will actually copy at a time before it runs out of memory. Disappointingly, there is no memory upgrade available for this model either. This is a major inconvenience when copying documents with lots of attachments/exhibits. In addition, the feeder results in uniformly crooked copies/scans. The feeder is also annoying in that you have to flip it up, past a small stopping/clicking point, in order to retrieve the originals after copying. This means that it is likely to wear and possibly break over time. The tray is small at 250 sheets capacity, but also it is completely enclosed so that one cannot see the paper level; my older HP printer had an open-front main tray that was actually more useful in this regard. The more frequent need for adding paper and the way the tray is implemented does not give me confidence in the long-term survivability of the tray. It is also a bit annoyingly difficult to withdraw and replace the main paper tray, since the tray is almost flush with the underside of the copy receiver (whatever the thing is called that extends to receive the printed/copied pages). The software supplied with the printer does not allow as much customizeability of scans as the older HP Solutions Center software, which I will now have to track down and attempt to get to work with this new printer. I am finding that the smaller than legal size flatbed is a bit of a hindrance in copying some books. I guess this is a case of "you get what you pay for". The 951 ink cartridges are smaller and seem to me that they will be more expensive over time than the 88-series ink cartridges for some other HP printers. I may be wrong, and in any event the 951 series may fall in price. This is in any event simply not a high-capacity printer. Bottom line: for a printer with an onsite support option that will mainly be used to print text and for occasional copying of small documents, this can be a barely adequate choice. Pros:+ Good text quality+ Good scan quality+ Adequate speed+ Small+ Quiet+ Cheap next-day onsite support option availableCons:- ADF results in crooked copies and scans- ADF not as high-capacity in operation as promised due to low memory, with no memory upgrade available; copying is hence substandard and frustrating- Low 250-sheet capacity- Clumsy mechanical operability (e. g. when changing paper, picking up originals from ADF) likely caused in part by the small size and chosen design compromises- Tiny flatbed, although something is better than nothing- Supplied software is dumbed-down, offering less customizability than previous versionsETA: I eventually had to get the copier exchanged due to the skewed document feeding problem, and though I'd bought next-business-day onsite support, was somehow forced to do a mail exchange. This makes me even less thrilled with my purchase. In addition, before the old one was exchanged, it would randomly start giving paper-size mismatch errors when attempting to print envelopes. The only solution was to reboot the printer, which takes significant time with one of these HP inkjets. Time will tell if problems from the old sample surface in the new one as well. ETA: I have yet another problem to report. If one leaves envelopes in when attempting to print 8. 5 X 11" sheets, or vice versa, the printer will give a paper size error as is correct, but will feed 1-2 sheets of paper halfway into the printer and just stop there. This necessitates taking the feeder tray out and fiddling under the printer to drag the paper out carefully, so it doesn't rip. ETA: I have a new bug to report. If one enters a collated copy job over its meager memory capability of roughly eight pages, and dares to step away from the printer for a couple of minutes, later parts of the same run will revert to the default settings. This means, for example, that if one is making multiple copies and steps away, the copy job will be finished with only a single copy. This and other problems have me tearing out my hair with this terribly cheap printer. HP obviousy employs boneheads in system design, programming or QA, possibly all three. ETA: I'm downgrading this product to one star. I just received the following email, months after purchasing the printer. Remember, when I called to invoke my next-business-day onsite service, they didn't know anything about it and I wound up with mail-in service for the first fix (afterward they updated their records so this shouldn't happen again). Needless to say, this belated email does not fill me with confidence:"Thanks, null! [Yes, 'null'. ]Congratulations on your HP Care Pack purchase. As a service to you, we have registered the HP Care Pack you recently purchased. Now you can have peace of mind knowing that HP's award winning Total Care service and support programs will be there should you need assistance with your HP or Compaq products. " Hobbled in many ways; cheap and buggy; horrible support (downgrading).
I will never buy another HP printer. They are unreliable and half the time will not even work the HP cartridges. HP customer service is non-existent so you buy at your own risk. Warranty is useless if you cannot get anyone at customer service to pay attention, always with the Reset your computer requests. Had this printer for 3 months and went to replace the cartridges and keep getting an error. Had to go back to the store to exchange the cartridges but they don't accept returns so had to bring the printer there to show them the problem, then they agreed to exchange and the new ones didn't work either. Good thing I tried them right there. Tried to get someone at HP to replace the unit and no luck at all. Now I'm stuck with it. Unreliable even with HP Cartridges.
I got this printer for Christmas, and I'm glad to see that it was so inexpensive, because I more or less can't use it. I have spent the past week trying to get it to stay connected to my network. I set up a static IP, I added a port, I rebooted, rerouted, connected by three different methods. I followed every step on the HP support forums. I followed every step everywhere else. It won't stay connected. If I want it to connect, I have to restart the printer. Not my computer, or the router. The printer. That is a hint about the source of the problem. What good is ePrint if I have to be physically near the printer to get it to work? Also, when I send documents to the printer from ePrint on my phone, the documents shrink in size and print off of one edge of the page. They're aligned so that a quarter inch of the document is missing. There is no way to adjust this in the minimal ePrint settings. I read on the forums that I should update the firmware, but the printer insists that it's up to date, although the firmware revision is different than the one on the website. It won't let me update. I feel so upset that this was supposed to be a generous, kind, time-saving Christmas gift, but the gift-giver feels terrible that I've now had to work on it for a week with no success, and will probably have to return it. Nope.
Here is my experience with the Xerox Document scanner:In the box is the scanner, software, usb cord, US power pack and wires, a foreign power adapter (Europe I think), quick start guide, and a "mystery part" (more on that later). Installation was as easy as plugging it in and popping in the DVD with the installation software. BUT (here's my first problem): the installer wanted to install 4 separate programs. I'm always a little leery when a piece of hardware needs to install so much onto my system to get it to work. As it turns out, there were actually even more pieces of software installed than just the four that the installer stated it was installing. In addition to installing the scanner driver, Visioneer OneTouch, Nuance PaperPort, Nuance OmniPage Pro, it also installed something called Visioneer Accuity and C+++ Redistributable 2005 Language. In fact, with each piece that was installed after the first one, the installer wanted to reinstall the C+++ Redistributable 2005 Language again and prompted me to agree or decline. This isn't really a great start. With all this being installed, I was reminded of the way computer life was like in the mid-90's. And speaking of mid-90's, the huge and BRIGHT BLUE numbers and power light also reminded me of when these bright lights were in vogue on computers. Some people may like this lightshow but I really don't. It makes my office GLOW and I have to shut the door to it when it is on. The lights and its business-like looks also really make it really too ugly for a decent looking home office. I realize this is totally subjective, but this is my review so here's my opinion. The unit looks like an old-school fax machine that would be perfect in a school office, etc. In fact, the Xerox logo sticker was a little crooked out of the box so I had to shift it a little to make it look less cheap. This brings me to my next point: the unit doesn't shut itself off when you close the cover. You have to hit a power button. Of course you will never forget (unless you're wearing sunglasses) because the light is so bright, but it seems like a lack of ergonomics/user-friendliness to not have it automatically power down when the scanning door is closed. The unit feels sturdy, but not more than my other two document scanners. For something with this price tag and business-like design I would have expected it to be slightly more heavy or bulky. The scanner comes with no documentation other than what's included on the DVD. For the price of this unit, I think they should have included printed documentation. There's just something about being able to have the instructions in front of you while you work on the screen vs. switching windows between reading the instructions and performing the task you're reading about. One thing I did like about the unit that my other two document scanners don't have is a Simplex and Duplex button. This allows you to scan one sided or two sided documents at the touch of a button. On my other scanners you have make this selection in the software and because I'm pretty lazy I usually just scan both sides even with one sided documents. The unit also has an interesting feature in that you can select your desired output right on the scanner. Here are the choices and my experiences with them:Built-in functions (right out of the box with no configuration):1. Scan - Scans to PDF2. PDF - Scans to PDF3. Print - Immediately prints out on default printer. Nice and easy! 4. Email - Failed (needs to be configured - easy enough)5. Fax - Sends a fax with default fax in Windows (or opens Win Fax Setup)6. OCR (in Word) - My results: TERRIBLE7. Archive - Scanned with no results8. Business Card - I have not business cards to scan. 9. Paint - Scans to MICROSOFT PAINT?! Really?! A note on the OCR: the results from my OCR test scans of a clearly printed black and white text document were so abysmal that I almost thought that I did something wrong. I tried again and got the same results. To be sure my paper wasn't weird, I did an OCR scan in my other scanner and it nailed every word. Yikes. As far as the PaperPort software, I found it to be clunky and cluttered. To be fair, I don't like the software that came with my other scanners either so I may be biased. I just like to scan PDFs to my windows folders and be done. I don't like relying on proprietary software to organize my documents. And finally, let's talk about the included "mystery" part. When I opened this thing, which looked like the innards of some mechanical gadget I really struggled to figure out what I was looking at. I found no documentation of it but I opened the door of the scanner and finally discovered that it was a replacement for the sheet-feeder thing inside the scanner. My feeling about this is that while it is thoughtful for them to include a replacement part, this makes me suspicious that perhaps this is a part that breaks often? I can't say for sure, but we know why shirt makers include extra buttons with their shirts so maybe this is the same thing. All in all, I was less than impressed with this scanner. From its looks, to the cluttered user interface, to its installation issues, to the poor scan and OCR quality, to the lack of printed instructions, etc. the whole unit really reminded me of the way business machines used to be in a bygone era. For a scanner that is significantly more money that the document-scanning darling: the Fujitsu ScanSnap s1500, this device is simply UNDERWHELMING. UPDATE: I uninstalled the software because I was less-than-impressed with it and now every time I try to right-click and save a picture from the internet my only file type choice is OmniPage Image Document. Just like bad software in the old days, this uninstaller was incapable/unsuccessful in uninstalling its own software. SUPER-FAIL. UPDATE 2: After searching the internet I have found that there are hundreds of people with this exact problem. In fact, it is so prevalent that the company that the company has a how-to on how to hack it out of the registry! No thanks! They also have a "secret" brute uninstaller on the CD that I was directed to and it was unable to remove this issue. Poor programming and blatant disregard for its customers. UPDATE 3: After some more research, I found an automated registry fixer that de-associated JPG's on my computer from this software. Only time will tell what other breadcrumbs were left on my system. UPDATE 4: Just found out. gif was still associated with OmniPage and had a to use a 3rd party program to remove the association. Not a great experience.
I bought this tape based on the reviews. I'm beginning to pack for a move, last night I packed 3 boxes. When I woke up this morning, the tape on 2 of them had popped loose on the sides. The boxes aren't overly stuffed or anything, the tape just doesn't stick. I'm disappointed and going out this morning to buy more tape. Save your $ and get a name brand. Doesn't stick.
You constantly have to fight to get the negative holder open hoping not to break it. Pain in the butt to get the negative placed in the holder once you get the holder closed, and if not not right, the negative gets damaged. That was just the negative holder. You have to set the device to one setting to scan the photos. The switch to another setting to see those scans on your computer, a max of 9 images. Then you have to rename those nine images before you can move them to another folder to make room for the next 9 images. Absurd. You should be able to set a save to folder, scan one image after the other and it be saved to your computer. No moving, no renaming, no nine image limits. Not a well though out product. 5 star reviews led me astray. What garbage is this.
 Parker attempts to create a new niche -- 2013 UPDATE: Downgraded to 1 star for durability problems.
The picture implies that a card is included with this gift card mailer, but it is simply a lightweight envelope (included) in which you place a gift card (not included) and card (not included) or letter (not included) and an outer white envelope (included). The quality is poor and as I already said, very lightweight. The Christmas design on both cards is benign and not impressive. I'd recommend putting the money for these cards into the gift card you're purchasing, and enclosing it in another vehicle for delivery to the recipient. I'm carrying around two gift cards, one from a restaurant and the other from Trader Joe's, and both card holders are of a better quality paper than theQuality Park 2-in-1 Giftcard-e-lope, Giftcard Mailer with Greeting Card Built-In, Assorted Holiday Decorated Designs, 4. 5 x 6. 3125 Inches, White Outer Mailing Envelope, Pack of 2 (65020). I cannot recommend this product at all. Misleading picture, no card is included.
I was quite pleased when I fired this up and was able to find Linux drivers for it and get it working easily with my Linux machines. The print quality was horrible, and I assumed there were settings to adjust, so I set about looking for a manual. Well, there isn't any. I checked Canon's web site and searched the web, only to find I was not the only person annoyed by the lack of a reasonable manual. There are Windows and Mac OS executable files for people using those operating systems, but no manual or PDF of a manual for people to actually read. I may be "old fashioned" but I expect a paper or PDF manual with equipment I buy, and having to search out a specific kind of computer just to find out how to operate a new piece of equipment is simply bad customer service, to put i it nicely. (I'll be using stronger language on my blog. )I'm sorry, but that is just not right. What if I only wanted to use this as a stand alone copier or fax? Granted, Linux is a difficult OS to get printers working under, but why would anyone create such good Linux drivers, and then not have a manual for those people. That is just so silly (again fighting the temptation to use stronger language). I know that many people think paper is outdated, but this is a printer, for goodness sake. No paper manual because you want to save trees? IT"S A PRINTER. The whole point is to use paper! Well, okay, so they want to save money and not do a printed manual. What is wrong with a PDF file for a manual? Canon has them for all of the other gear I get from them, so why the illogical change of course on this printer? Bad move, to say the least. Without better info for managing settings, the output is really terrible and the printer unusable, except as a door stop or paper weight. Oh, and the color cartridge is an all-in-one, so you will waste a lot of good ink and spend a lot of money needlessly, as opposed to separate color cartridges. So, be forewarned, as long as you are a Windows or Mac user, you get some kind of help as long as you want to install yet one more program for every item you connect. Everybody else is just out of luck. Canon doesn't care about you and doesn't want your business. I may break down and connect it to my one Windows machine some day when I feel like wasting more of my valuable time, and see if I can find out the information I need. This is the second time in recent history I have been burned on a Canon printer, and I seriously doubt there will be a third. (I will also tell a lot of people about this mess. )I don't understand some vendors - I had a really great Canon S630 that printed like a champ for a decade. I only gave it up when it finally died. I was hoping Canon would continue to make good printers. If I'd known how bad printers were going to get, I would have gotten several S630s when I had the chance. Hiding my manual in an executable file? That is so 80s. Come on Canon, you can do better than this - at least you used to be able to. works with Linux BUT NO manual.
I owned Cannon Printers Pixma before, they were in silcer. Better quality, this one takes forever to make a copy or scan. Slow, I do not like it. Since I owned them before, I will not nuy my next one from Cannon. I had the same problem with Kodak, it still sets here, slow to start. Also on both of them it is complicated to install wireless. I will buy a more expensive printer, if those I am sick of my printers and copiers. Would not recommend, because it takes so long to copy anything or to start. I like a printer who starts when I hit pringt without being turned on and they should shut off automaticly if not in use. Only one star. Canon Pixma MG3120.
My overall experience with theCanon PIXMA MG3120 Wireless Inkjet Photo All-In-Onehas generally been negative. I'm really disappointed in the performance and it seems Canon is slipping in their product quality with this model. I have used several brands of printer, HP, Brother, Lexmark and a Canon in the past. This model is rather disappointing in comparison to the others. This printer absolutely drinks ink like it's dying from dehydration. The cartridge was showing empty and needing replaced after just a barely 40 pages of work. The replacement cartridges, if you can find them, are outrageously expensive when compared to the competition. Printing even black and white documents took a really long time, even on the normal quality setting. Print quality is pretty standard, even when tweaking for the highest setting. The unit is much louder than other models I have used in the past. The scanning function is okay, but again, really loud. Wireless setup was a pain, this unit is not ready for primetime or wireless printing. I ultimately ended up using the printer strictly as a USB connected device. I used a work around with aLinksys Wireless Print Serverto make the unit wireless. If you are considering this printer, I'd pass. While I respect the Canon brand, this model is just terrible. This has made me think a lot less of Canon and I ultimately bought a different brand (Brother) to replace it. Drinks Ink, Slow Performance, Not Up To Par.
I tried using this for my magic jack on computer but it does not work. I can hear callers but they can't hear me. Either it is the magic jack or this is not compatible with my magic jack. not for magic jack.
I'm going to admit right off that I was a little biased coming into this product. Months ago I reviewed another label maker and decided to try this one as well and do a little comparison. The other label maker, an Epson LabelWorks LW-400, was very impressive, but was $10 more at the time I received the Dymo. First, the Dymo uses six AAA batteries. I didn't have any on hand since they aren't commonly used and I had to wait a long time before I could buy any. Why they couldn't use AA is beyond me, but that was my first disappointment. After I finally was able to get the batteries I sat down to play with the label maker. While it does in fact make labels, it is rather plain and unimpressive. Maybe I was spoiled by the other label maker, but the Dymo is somewhat unpleasant to use. The buttons are a little stiff and I had to press the power and print buttons more than once for them to respond. There is no "shift" button, so typing a single capital letter requires a press before and after - I will not type in all caps unless necessary, so that was a pain. There is no user manual supplied and the features are very basic. The display doesn't even have a backlight, so it is difficult to see it in a darker room. I would not be as harsh on this product if it was not currently only $4 less than my Epson label maker (currently priced around $35), and the Epson has a lot of features. Unless prices drastically change, I'd highly recommend theEpson LabelWorks LW-400 Label Maker (C51CB70010). It has many more features, has a variety of colors for label tapes, includes a manual as well as a list of symbols/clip art capabilities, and has a much better feel to it. The Dymo just feels cheap in comparison, even if the price does not reflect that. Feels Cheap.
The label maker does not print. The label feed does work but nothing is printed. It drains (New) batteries right away. There are no directions or troubleshooting features so the consumer can solve problems. You must go online for their guide. Even this was of no help. The online guide does have a troubleshooting section but it does not address the problem of the unit not producing and printing on the tape. The touch of the keypad is a bit resistant. I have a Brother unit that is user-friendly and I have never had any issues with that one. This has been nothing but a study in frustration. Another review mentioned that the blade does not cut well but that is not a problem in my unit. So, since I can easily cut the unprinted label that is ejected, I guess this earns one star. Useless.
This useless bit of plastic arrived with a 1/2" X 10' Label Cassette, a warranty booklet in four languages and a slick small sheet showing how to load the cassette. No user guide or batteries were included. I did not have the required 6 AAA batteries on hand so I went to the Dymo web site to order the AC Adapter that was supposedly an option. I found the picture of the adapter but Dymo would not permit me to place an order. Went out and bought the 6 AAA batteries. Could not get a label printed. Congratulated Dymo for denying me the ability to waste money on an adapter for what they obviously knew was a worthless piece of junk masquerading as a labeler. Debated whether to send this back to China where it originated or to put it in my recycle bin for plastic. Chose the latter. Do yourself a favor and bypass this piece of waste. Junkyard Fodder.
i hope it's an exception, but my unit arrived DOA. It suffered almost every problem a label printer can experience. 1. It drains battery power like crazy. it takes 6 AAA batteries (can't believe this) and I put 6 brand new AAA batteries in there and it displays battery low. I put another 6 freshly recharged AAA batteries in there and still display low battery. 2. The little to nothing demo label included just keep jamming. After toggling with it a few times, finally sits snug inside the 2 rectangle arms holding the label feed. However, the cutting blade is so dull if you don't hold the cutter press down hard, you risk ripping the entire label out when pulling. And this will cause it to jam and fall out of the feed holder. 3. It just won't print. I am virtually out of the initial blank label that came in the box and it has not printed a readable label yet. I have used Epson, Brother label printers and this by far is the worst label printer I have used. If I could, it wouldn't even get 1 star. In the trash it will go. DOA Junk.
I hate it worse than almost anything to have to give a thumbs down to a product I got for free through the vine program. Feels ungrateful. But it's worse to not be honest about my experience with the product. I was really looking forward to using the Dymo LabelManager 160 to label about 100 file folders I have just created to organize my file cabinet. And to label a bunch of bottles of spices. I kept thinking of things I could use it for, and of course after finding out it didn't work, I thought of so many more. It came with a trial-size cartridge of label tape and a warranty book that I thought was instructions because it was many pages thick. Turns out each page was the same warranty information, each in a different language. The "instructions" consisted of one sheet with pictures showing what the labelmaker looks like open and highlighting things like the battery compartment and the various buttons. I pretty much had to guess what each was for if I didn't recognize the symbol on the button. Nice big keyboard. The screen is big enough to clearly see what you are writing. But, again, I had to make too many guesses and fool around a lot until I went to the Dymo website to read up on it. At first I searched for the adapter that should have come with it, then realized you'd have to buy one if you wanted to avoid using 6 AAA batteries. Hey, that's sorta cheap of them. Once I had everything figured out and loaded, I tried to print labels. Every time I hit print, the label maker hummed… and died. Over and over. The power just kept shutting off. I tried all the trouble-shooting tips I could find, without success. So, I guess I am forced to say I would not waste my money buying this model. UPDATE: YAY! I can now get it to work with a universal AC adapter I happened to have. I think the surge of power that was pulling at the batteries when I hit "Print" (even though they were brand new) was knocking the power out. So I am having fun labeling my folders. Wish I could change my initial rating, but Dymo does need to address this problem since others have had it too. Wish it had worked.
Installed the batteries and starter tape (10 feet instead of 23 feet on the full roll), and then tried to print a label. For the first 30 seconds, the LCD display worked-- although the contrast was light and difficult to see. Then, the LCD went almost completely blank. Nearly impossible to read the characters. Will be sending the label maker back, and will be sticking with my two Brother units. They waste tape, but they work. Defective.
To quote from Gilbert and Sullivan: "An insult, but a light one. " So why make a fuss about BIC's "gender-specific" attempt to sell a good pen? To begin with, many modern women are offended at being "characterized" (more often, stereotyped) on the basis of gender. As we've learned from much feminist thought (excluding some more recent psychoanalytic French women theorists who became influential after Simone de Beauvoire's seminal "The Second Sex"), there is no "essential" difference between female and male consciousness. Hence, male authors such as James Joyce (Molly Bloom's monologue, occupying the last third of "Ulysses" and, perhaps above all, William Faulkner (Addie Bundren, "As I Lay Dying," and Rosa Coldfield, "Absalom, Absalom! ) have represented the consciousness of female characters in comprehensive, penetrating, surgically precise prose/poetry that, at the least, matches the same authors' male characterizations. Consequently, Bic's pitch of what should be a gender-neutral product to a female audience is unlikely to meet with a warm reception in academe, especially since the 1970s. "Essentialism" is a nemesis if not a dirty word many Western feminists would expunge from all discourse about gender differences. Just look at the patronizingly patriarchal discourse of the Republican Party during the present Presidential campaign: male candidates for high office are talking about "legislating women's right to choose"--in the 2nd decade of the new millennium! Still, even a feminist (and I don't exclude myself from that number) need not take serious offense at Bic's attempt to win women's favor. Despite the flowery, Victorian, dainty colors (they're anything but garish), this is after all not a "fine" but a "medium point" pen. Moreover, the barrel is surprisingly solid and large. It's grip-friendly for the largest hands (and perhaps for some smaller ones). The diameter is noticeably thicker and more rugged than the popular Bic Atlantis pen. In fact, the barrel of this pen is bigger than any other ballpoint--Papermate, Pilot, Bic--in my large collection (I'm addicted to ballpoint pens and am especially fastidious about things like grip, flow, smoothness). One feature I did not realize until using this pen is that the colorful "flowery" barrel is not merely decorative: it indicates the color of the ink. I had no idea that I would not merely be seeing red and violet on the pen but inscribing notes in those same colors. So the BIC Her Fashion gets a "high five" for any ball pen users seeking alternatives to the universal, predictable, potentially bland and boring blue and black ink of most ball points. There's some initial resistance in getting the pen to loosen up and move freely, but after several minutes it was literally sailing through my stationery, leaving in its wake refreshing colors that I have no doubt some correspondents will relish as much as I. If you're a male, open up to the wisdom of all cultures concerning gender. The yin and the yang, the anima and the animus are not mutually exclusive. We all have--in our chromosomes and genetic make-up--psychological, emotional, and physical traits normally associated with the "other" sex. And admitting to those traits can be a healthy exercise in self-examination as well as promotion of better understanding of what we as human beings have in common. So, go on--pick up two packs of these pens and share them with your male friends. By employing the pen, men can at once congratulate BIC on a good product DESPITE--not because of--its steretypically feminine adornments. An academic's perspective on why this pen is better suited for males.
Women of the World unite! Show Bic that we won't be tempted by mere "jeweled accents" and "fashion ink"! She who holds this pen will not crash through the glass ceiling. We demand fur, feathers, jewels, and jobs. We. Want. It. All! And. We. Want. It. NOW!!!! Epic Fail! Missing Maribou Pompom!!!
Remember the saying 'If it sounds too good to be true then it probably is? ' Well it's definitely the case with these non original equipment replacement cartridges. I have theBrother Printer MFCJ825DW Wireless Color Photo Printer with Scanner, Copier and Faxand it is a brilliant printer. The cartridges that came with the printer were vacuum sealed (could hear the air being pulled in once the tab was removed), I did not hear a thing with these junk replacements. These leak ink, are difficult to get into the printer, and are not worth the risk of damaging the printer as the Brother warranty will not cover replacement of a damaged printer due to non Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) ink. Not worth it! These are junk! _Bottom Line_ No I would not recommend these to a friend. What a waste of time. I will be buying Brother replacement ink cartridges in the future to protect my printer, preserve my warranty, and avoid having to clean up ink all over the place. Leaks, Poor Quality, Difficult to Install.
Did not work in my printer when installed. Model MFCJ425W… Brother says in manual that they also limit you on time for their inks as well as usage. With this in mind, I advised user to buy standard size ink and not the larger since they print very little and a big ink supply would be wasted because of the 6 month time limit. Not recognized by printer. Had to get factory ink.
Smart design complement any home? Hardly. And do not let the photo that looks like a upscale classy product fool you. This is cheap cardboard with cheap plastic handles. Even the printed design that is supposed to look like fabric, is cheap and does not look like fabric. These might work well for a college dorm room or some RV where you don't plan on having the container last longer than a few months. These will be relegated to the closet for stuff I weed out for the charity pick up day. Instead I suggest you shop Amazon and consider the bins that Household Essentials sells that are natural canvas and have nothing but 41 five star reviews. Or their storage bins in Coffee Linen colour that have nothing but 5 star reviews. Not at all what they look like in the photo.
The product description of these storage bins doesn't state that they're made of cardboard. I received these free in return for reviewing the product, but had I paid nearly 15 dollars for two cardboard boxes, the boxes would be going back. And I'd be ticked off. I removed three stars from my rating for the misleading/unclear product description. The product lost an additional star for the single handle as opposed to more useful double handles. I get it; the box handle is designed to help you pull it off a shelf. But, this product would have much greater versatility if it had handles on both sides. The measurements are clearly stated in this item's description, so I knew how big it would be, but it may be worth noting that it is smaller than the lidded Bankers Box file box that I am used to seeing. Lastly, the packaging on these was ridiculous. My 2-pack of boxes arrived inside a cardboard shipping box that was inside a HUGE shipping box filled with paper. Way overdone. I didn't remove any stars from my product review for the excessive packaging as I'm reviewing the product and not the packaging. However, the packaging is another negative in my list of dislikes regarding this product. Bottom line: I don't recommend the Bankers Box Cubby Storage Bins. Nope, not at all. These are made of cardboard, not fabric. One handle = lame. Too much packaging.
The only difference between these boxes and the ones that can be picked up for about $1. 00 per box at moving supplies companies, or saved for free from your mail-in order, is the staggering price of $10 (for two boxes) for these flimsy, made from the cheapest cardboard imaginable, junk. The company should consider selling the black cutout handles that come with the boxes. They are also flimsy and hard to fit, but they will outlast the cardboard. Congratulations to the marketing department, the profit margin for this disaster for the customer must be at least 99. 99%. terrible junk.
I was down to 40 minutes before air time. My printer not only read "Change Cartridge" but stopped printing on the white copy paper coming out the gate of the printer. Fortunately, I had this double package waiting in the wings. Just time enough for a quick installation. I wasn't sure whether one cartridge was sufficient or if both were needed. So I decided to take no chances. First, the color cartridge went into the left compartment. Then the black cartridge---except it wouldn't fit. I was gentle, then rough, then profane, and finally praying. Suddenly, I noticed a problem. Canon (or some middleman) had sent me a box with two CL-241XL cartridges. I had no PG-240 cartridge--and was in position or mood to print out photos of pet pussycats or golden sunsets. I went to the studio trying toremember my introduction and, above all, the order of the downloaded tunes I'd burned to disc. Then I discovered that I'd brought the wrong key (dark blue instead of black). I was locked out, "Air-less," thanks to my own carelessness compounded by an outrageous error by the seller(s). Since I go through one Canon printer per year, I'm not disposed to let the company off so easily. I can only hope it's true that God has a purpose for mishaps of this magnitude and that Canon's screw-up was part of the Providential plan. Nevertheless, for all yee non-believers who are reluctant to trust your fortunes to the Almighty, I issue this cautionary: check on the cartridges you've purchased as soon as they arrive in the mail. Someone at the other end appears to be numerically illiterate--and possibly color tone-deaf. You're paying enough for these as it is. Make sure you received what you thought you ordered. [It's just occurred to me that the safest bet would be to order a new printer each time you run out of ink. That way you're assured of getting the right cartridges, and the price for printer+cartridges is about the same as for the cartridges alone! ] Blown away by Canon.
The idiots that sold this toner did not reset the gears on the product. That wasted 5hrs of my time. Depending on what you do, your time may be important. You have to get a philips srew driver, open up the side panel and rotate the damn gear by 180 degrees. This is something the seller was supposed to do but did not do it. idiots, wasted half my day and made me lose significant amount of money in business while I was dealing with their incompetency. They did not reset the thing when sold.
This toner leaves gray streaks and random bits of black toner everywhere. I'd recommend another brand. I've tried them all and Linkyo is the best. Stay away from this toner.
This printer calls for very expensive ink, and the cartridges interact in such a way with the printer that when they register low, they will continue to register low and not work even if you try to re-fill them. I have tried buying a cheap refillable black cartridge for the printer and filling it with standard black ink and am having trouble getting it to print consistently. Perhaps it would have been better to use pigment ink which I hear is more compatible with this printer. Still, the printer recognizes the cartridge as a genuine Epson cartridge and says the ink level is at full and it printed fine for a little while. When I had initially run out of black ink, the printer would stop every time I tried to print and ask me if I wanted to go ahead and print with all colors. I would click yes and all would be fine, however there was no way to say "Do this all the time", so finally, I clicked the button, "I have already purchased ink", to try to make the delay go away, but then I was completely stopped by the printer until I got another cartridge for it. Maddening! Also, when I put the cheap replacement cartridge in, I did not fill it up completely as I was not sure it was going to work and I did not want to waste ink, so when I decided it was working okay, and I wanted to take the cartridge out and fill it completely, I almost could not get the cartridge back out. When I opened the printer, the cartridges would not move into a position where I could open the lid and remove them. Luckily, I finally noticed settings on the machine that could force this to happen. After filling up the cheap cartridge completely, it printed fine for a while, but now I can only get it to print when I put special settings on the print job, such as "photo-paper semi-gloss", (and the cartridge is quite full of ink - even the printer reads it that way, AND I have tried all the maintenance settings - cleaning the head, etc… ). I have made the "photo-paper semi-gloss" settings the default settings and am having mild success printing fairly low quality print-outs (VERY slow print-out, of course). At all turns, this printer is programmed to force the consumer to buy their expensive ink cartridges. I know most printers seem to be going the same route, but I refuse to give a decent rating to a printer that costs $100. 00 and tries to control your every move with re-filling ink or re-placing ink cartridges. I will probably replace this printer very soon, as I am not sure I can make it print reliably at an affordable price. Update: It is now April 1, 2012. I ran out of colored ink and since this printer has no "use black ink only" setting, ("print in grayscale" setting still uses colored ink. ), I am again at a complete stop when it comes to printing. I have ordered $20. 00 worth of compatible ink to refill my refillable cartridges. (I purchased the refillable cartridges and the ink from Inksupply. com. ) When the ink gets here at the end of the week, I will see if I can make this printer work again. If not, I will throw it in the trash and go back to HP. So far, all the HPs we have had, had at least a 'print in black ink only' setting so you could print without colored ink in black and white. (Although HP seems to be making attempts to get you to ruin your cartridges when you refill the ink by putting many fake holes in the cartridges so you can't figure out where to fill and your ink goes everywhere. Still, with some savvy, we seem to still be able to make our fairly recent model HP work fine in black ink only. ) All the printer companies are working hard these days trying to sell you $15. 00 cartridges when you only need to purchase 20 cents of worth of ink, but I really hate the Epson company and would never try them again. Update: April 6, 2012. Got the compatible ink - emptied the black cartridge of incompatible ink and filled all cartridges with compatible ink. I can now get a splotchy black print on 'plain paper', 'normal' settings only - nothing but light blur on any other settings. Printer going in the trash. I will use my partner's HP until I find which printer I want to replace with, likely another HP product. One other thing I did not like about the Epson printer is it was very hard to recycle paper by using the backs of bad prints, because it loaded from the bottom, whereas all the HPs we had, load simply at the back straight up so you can put a recycled piece of paper in one piece at a time, when you are not printing something important. Most annoying printer I have ever had.
I had heard very positive things about this pen from fountain pen lovers on a collectors' website, so I decided to try it. So far, I have not had any luck in getting the thing to write. I am an experienced fountain pen user, so I understand how some pens can be finicky or idiosyncratic, so I have tried everything I know how to do, to no avail. The pen does not write no matter what I try. My guess is that some people get lucky, and happen to get a good one, while others are not so fortunate, and get one of the ones that simply doesn't work. It seems to be pure chance, and that's how it is with cheap pens: you never can tell what you might get when you order. So before you order, just think: how lucky do you feel today? Extremely problematic and unreliable.
Glad I tried this before giving it as a gift. I am fine with having to baby a pen, wash it, reset the nib, all of that. But this is twice now that I've somehow gotten the cap stuck on the pen to the point where I can't get it off. And I am not a beast in hand strength. Right now, it's stuck I think permanently and honestly I'm about to throw it out. I so wanted to like this pen, but I can't. It wrote well when I had it loaded, but I finished that ink and was rinsing it to change color ink and that's what got me in this fix! I can't use a pen where I&#34;m going to have aggravation every time I have to refill it! I'd rather spend a bit more on a Lamy and have a reliable pen I love. I regret spending money on this. Absolutely unhappy.
Why in the world do they call this thing a "docking station"? A docking station should have some method ingrained in its design to neatly and safely charge small electronic devices. Since most modern people have at least two or three such devices which need charging every night, and most of us also have spouses or children who also have two or three, a docking station should have at least five or six spaces to charge, and plugs and switches to accommodate the cords. This box not only does not accommodate enough devices, but its only feature which in any way makes it a receptacle for charging is that it has holes drilled in it where you can thread the cords. There are no outlets or switches on the box. The box is heavy and cumbersome. It also has very sharp edges. The thing looks like it should be in someone's garage or shop to hold -- I don't know, maybe small tools or something. You do not want this ugly thing in your kitchen or office. I really don't get the locked drawer at the bottom, either. If you care enough to lock up something valuable, then why lock it in a portable box which a potential thief could just pick up and walk off with it? This thing is stupid. A waste of materials. It's a clunky, ugly steel box.
I am a pen fanatic. I have lots of them for every writing mood. I purchased purple and peacock blue pens. I liked the way they wrote; smooth, no skipping, very comfortable grip. But after about a month they both started leaking. For the first month they were stored flat and leaked a little making small blobs on the paper. Over Thanksgiving weekend they were stored pen point down and the following Monday had big ink blobs on the end of the pen and after repeatedly wiping it off both continued to leak while I wrote. In the trash they went. Too bad, loved the colors and liked how they wrote. No joy in these InkJoy pens. Leaked After a Month.
UPDATE: Days are now colder and I am demanding more of my foot heater. The Fellowes Heat & Slide Footrest doesn't do an adequate job of keeping my feet warm (I have to slide my foot around the footrest to find the heat). On the flip side, my favorite foot heater (Vornado, see below), does an excellent job of keeping my feet warm (& I love the fan). I've down-rated the Fellowes from 3 stars to 1 star. Spend your money on the Vornado & you won't be disappointed. ORIGINAL REVIEW:I LOVE a good Foot Heater & have been using theVornado EH1-0039-06 225-Watt SoleAire Foot Rest and Personal Space Heaterfor the past 3 years in my office. The Vornado has a fan & does a great job of distributing heat. The only drawback of the Vornado is that it has a fixed foot position & if you try to move the footrest, sometimes the rubber feet with come off & you have to bend down to put them back in. This Fellowes Foot Heater does not have a built in fan & warms your feet with a gentle warmth that takes a little time to get warm once you turn it on. The heat seems to come from the middle (around your foot arch) & mine seems to be warmer on my left foot side. The foot heater does an OK job but you have to be shoe-free to enjoy the gentle warmth that this machine provides. The Fellowes heater gives the user the ability to adjust their foot position, which is a nice feature. However, the heater moves fairly easily, so it seems that I am constantly adjusting my foot position & sometimes have to bend down under my desk to adjust it by hand. I have let the "time" expire on the foot heater a couple of times. When that happens, the red button flashes. The first time this happened, I simply pushed the flashing button & it stopped. The second time, I had to unplug the unit a couple of times before I could get the button to stop flashing. I will use this Fellowes heater in my home office because it is here. If I had to choose the Vornado over the Fellowes (price not a factor), I would choose the Vornado without hesitation. Inferior Product. Warms the Middle of Your Feet Only. Doesn't Stay Adjusted.
(Edit: changed to 1 star. Broke after about a month. No longer heats up. All it did was sit under my desk. Original review follows. )Kinda disappointed in the heat output of this, but then, I guess you can only get so much out of 90 watts. It is what it says it is, though, and it doesn't have the problems of many competitors I read the reviews of. Namely, that they smell like burning rubber when turned on and they don't have an on/off switch. This one has no strange smells coming out of it and not only is there an on/off switch on the front but it turns off automatically after 8 hours, which is perfect. I got it mainly for the office, which is never warm enough (and is actually worse in the summer, when the building blasts AC) and I didn't think they'd approve of a 300+ watt space heater, which, aside from burning electricity, tends to raise fears of burning the building down. I like the textured surface and the way the footrest angles. The ability to warm the tops of your feat by putting them underneath seems a bit of a stretch though because it's just a pad that radiates heat -- you aren't getting much heat without putting your feet on top of it. So, my guess is you'll probably wish it was warmer, but there's no apparent drawbacks to it. Incidentally, the thermostat makes an audible "bloop" sound when it goes off and on, which is weird, but whatevas. Better than the alternatives, I guess?
I use regular black Sharpie Markers all the time, and I probably own dozens of them. They're all over the house and my office, in every drawer and cubby-hole, and there's even one in my commuter bag. So I usually love Sharpie products, and I looked forward to reviewing these markers. Accepting the Sharpie Company's claims that these Sharpie Brush Tip Permanent Markers would allow me to "write on almost any surface- from glass, wood and stone to plastic or metal and, of course, paper," I decided to conduct my own extremely unscientific tests to prove or disprove the manufacturer claims. The markers passed the basic paper test, but were a complete and radical failure on every other kind of surface I tested. I tried something I've done on the cover of other books I own, writing my name on the outside front cover. Five minutes later, I touched the ink, and it smeared. FAIL #1. This would not happen with a regular Sharpie Marker. Test #2: I wrote my name on a plastic water bottle, left it alone for about 15 minutes, came back, and was able to easily smear the ink with my finger. FAIL #2. Test #3: A glass bottle, I swiped the outside of the bottle with one of these markers, left it alone for 20 minutes, came back, and was able to easily smear the ink with one finger. Fail #3. Unlike regular Sharpie markers, these are neither indelible or permanent. If I'd paid for them, I would have taken them back to the store for a refund, and if there was an option to leave -star or no stars at all, that's what I would do. 1 out of 5 is too kind for these markers. Fail! Easily smear, even after being left to dry for an extended period of time.
THEY DON'T WORK. I'VE HAD 3 OUT OF 14 OF THEM WORK. I've bought tons of inks on amazon, never had this problem… I'm past the 30 day mark so I can't return them. Might as well throw $15 in the toilet, it's less frustrating. PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DO NOT BUY THESE, also the plastic tabs covering the holes don't come off. Whole thing is a major rip off from start to finish. And yes, I'm a real buyer, I have tons of reviews. DO NOT BUY WARNING: DO NOT BUY THIS.
I purchased this for home office and it has been nothing but a problem from the start. Ink jets (using the ink that was provided with the printer) do not work, scanner takes forever- all in all a big disappointment. scanner takes forever- all in all a big disappointment.
decided to purchase a printer based primarily on price, as most home printers tend to die after a few years. I immediately regretted the decision. This printer is plagued with problems:- Chokes on big files… prints the first few pages and then just sputters… - Routinely loses it's network settings, requiring you to re-enter them. This is a very painful process because the printer lacks a keyboard- The print quality is BRUTAL in any format. Forget about photos with this one. - You need to unplug it sometimes because it becomes completely unresponsive. - It uses a LOT of ink. This is a very painful process because the printer lacks a keyboard - The.
Samsung SCX-3405FW Wireless Monochrome Printer with Scanner, Copier and FaxThis is a nice little multifunction unit that is quiet. It installed easily but slowly. The software installation took quite awhile but it does need to install software for faxing, printing, scanning and copying. On the other hand, the wireless installation went very smoothly. My E1200n router does not have the easy button that Samsung was looking to find. However once I opened the router software up, it had a software easy install button and once I pushed it and the button on the printer, Viola! , I had connection. The wireless connection was very fast. I was also impressed with the high quality of the scan and the copy. I didn't even test the fax part, it is nice to have if you need it but I have only sent and received two faxes in maybe four or five years. I was not impressed with the screen on the unit. It is hard to read head on and practically impossible to read from any angle. The software installed without a skip on Win7, Vista and XP. I test printed from all three OS without a flaw. This unit sells for $163. 28 at Amazon and appears to be a very good value. Stats:Fast, compact Black & White Laser Multifunction Printer with easy Built-in Wireless setup. Fast 21 ppm speeds and quick first page out time for less time waiting. 10,000 Monthly duty cycle for more reliability from your printer. Consumables:The toner is Samsung MLT-D101S/XAA Toner 1. 5K Yield (ML-2165W, SCX-3405FW, SF-760P) $61. 24 at Amazon and $82 at Staples. Update 10/25/12 The wireless aspect of this printer died yesterday. I ran a meter on my wireless signal at the signal strength is unchanged. I tried to connect to the printer using Windows 7, Windows Vista and Windows XP. None of the systems or OS would connect. I hooked up the printer via Ethernet and all worked fine. Sadly with Ethernet I had to reinstall the Samsung software on each computer which was surprisingly labor intensive. The printing, faxing and scanning aspects of this work just fine but the wireless function has bitten the dust after such a short period of time. I have downgraded my rating by two stars. Update 10/31/12 The Ethernet aspect of the printer died yesterday. I could not connect from two different Ethernet switches or from three different OS on three different systems. It appears that the printer is having cascading failures and I am waiting for the final shoe to drop. It is now connected to a single computer with USB and I will see how long that method of connection continues to work. Alas, I really liked this unit when it worked properly. Wireless Failure after 3. 5 months of Use.
This is my second cannon printer that failed miserably after a jam. It grips onto paper and shreds it on its way out while just doing normal print jobs. What an utter disappointment. The setup went smooth for printing but had compatibility issues with its scanning feature and was forced to use workaround. I would never recommend this printer or any other cannon printer for that matter. Wow.. Horrid!
Not clear at all… got a lemon I bought this for our second home… Now that we are spending more time there I noticed that the only way to hear well was to use it on speaker phone. So I bought a V-tech… It was that phone totally clarity Not clear at all.
I installed the software which too a long time, I think close to 15 minutes or more. Then I hooked up the scanner and I don't know if I got a lemon or what but half the time it does not recognize that there is anything in the scanner but I keep getting a message that the scan is complete and do I want to scan more. I am sincerely hate this little scanner even if it did work right there is very little that it can do. It can scan to a jpeg, pdf and something else (I can't get the software to load right now) there is no sorting like some scanners will and the resolution isn't that great either. It instals several things on your computer and there is no easy way to uninstall all of this garbage, they don't include anything to uninstall the whole package so I am doing a system restore so that I can remove everything. In conclusion I do not recommend this scanner, it has proven to be more of a frustration than anything. Not worth my time.
In my old post, I wrote: Recently, I've been having to use the post office more than usual. It's become a hassle to keep taking trips but I always guarantee my buyers 24 hour shipping. This scale came lightweight and a good size for home use. Item size is 7. 84 " x 5. 67" x 2. 28" which makes it perfect to store away in a drawer or something. It's lightweight and is powered with a 9v battery backed by a 10 year warranty. It's got auto off feature and a hold feature for reading. I'm happy with this purchase mainly because of the battery usage. I didn't want something I'd need to plug in. UPDATE: It stopped working after 2 uses. I replaced the battery and it turned on and then it stopped working again. Tried to replace the battery again and it wouldn't turn on. There's no AC adapter either, so I would recommend buying one with a battery and AC adapter so you have the option. Loved it when it worked for one day, but haven't used it since because it stopped working. So much for me raving about it. UPDATE: IT CRAPPED OUT ON ME AFTER 2 USES.
I got this printer for free to review, so the price was right! And I have had other HP printers that were quite good, so I was pretty excited to get a new one. I have installed a LOT of printers in the past, and 4 that were wireless. I installed the printer from the CD, to try to avoid a lot of extra waiting. I followed instructions, hit the e-print button on the printer, reconnected 4X to my wireless network, etc. etc. and after an hour and a half of trying everything recommended to get it to print wirelessly, finally gave up on it and tried it directly connected. After doing so, I had to print a seperate printer (it installs the HP and HP (wireless) seperately, so you must pick the right one if you are connected or not connected). Once I had the printer physically connected, my prints came out sharp and clear, and the printer was not very noisey, but it does shake my entire table when it is doing an 'set up' or checks. This printer installation, also UNINSTALLED my other HP printer, which I still use since it is a WIDE FORMAT one! And yes, I did not even check to install all of the options, but have 3 new HP icons on the desktop. As to other complaints I have read, all printers seem to be running this 'scam' where you pay very little for a printer, but pay a lot for the ink, and none of them that I seem to get come with full cartridges, just tiny 'starter' ones. But the HP ink seems to be the most expensive, and most of the newer printers have made it impossible to get their ink cartridges refilled. But making you have all of the colors of ink for doing a black print, when you have black ink available (sometimes when black ink is low, the other 3 colors will 'mix' to stretch the black) is inexcusable. This printer was made in China, and obvious had close to zero testing or usability studies done before shipping it. Could not get it to print wirelessly!
I bought a Uniden Cordless Phone/Answering Machine over ten years ago and never had one single problem with it. It was a great phone. So when the battery finally died on the old phone, I naturally decided to go with another Uniden. Boy, was that a HUGE mistake. First, this phone is half the weight of the older model. It's made of cheap plastic. I hooked it up, charged the handset and it worked okay for about 6 weeks except for a few problems with an echo on the sound. I fiddled with the volume and it got somewhat better, so I kept the phone. I wish I'd sent it back right then. Now when it rings I push the 'talk' button to answer it and sometimes it picks up and sometimes it doesn't. The button seems to be faulty. When it does pick up and I'm talking, if my cheek even lightly touches the pause button, the caller goes kaput and I can't hear them. When I try to rectify the problem, the phone hangs up. It is very frustrating. At other times, I'll be talking and it just goes dead for no reason. Also, the redial button on the bottom of the phone does not work at all. It just stopped working. If you're looking for a good, inexpensive phone… DO NOT BUY THIS ONE!!! It is not the high quality Uniden Phone of the past. This one will be going into my garbage and I'll be buying a different brand from a local box store. I'm ashamed of Amazon for selling such a low quality, piece of crap product. Horribly Disappointed!!!
Awful reception. Beyond awful. We have used cordless phones for years… both at home and at our business. Over time I would say we've had at least six different types. Mostly Panasonic, but our last one was a Uniden and we were completely satisfied with all of our past phones. After having a bad experience with this phone a few months ago, I foolishly decided to have it replaced instead of just being credited for the purchase price. Multiple calls were made to the Uniden &#34;help&#34; number, but none of their suggestions worked. Talking on this phone is like talking on a cell phone that has bad reception. Or maybe two cans with a wax string connection it would be nice to have the option rate this product lower.
I don't have time to reboot it and my laptop every time I want to print. Secondly, I don't have time to replace the smallest ink tanks, I have ever seen, so frequently, five of them; I suspect it is prompting me before the tank is empty. It does have nice features, duplex, double-sided feeder in and out. But the time I spend rebooting and replacing ink is more than I save from the duplex feature. If I have to do a manual intervention one time in 10, that is too unreliable for me. I don't think it is up to that level of unreliability. My gut feeling is that it is more like 50-50 whether I will get a print the first time I send it. It replaced a Brother which was much more reliable, lower cost and much larger ink tanks. I wish I had bought another Brother. I wrote this review while waiting for it to print. It still hasn't started the one-page job I sent it. So once again, I will troubleshoot and probably end up rebooting printer and laptop. I suspect their software is just as unreliable as their hardware. I'm printing from a Mac. I think the PC users are getting better results, but the number of support calls have increased from them as well. Still no response from my print job; it says a system error has occurred. I think the network connectivity is not robust in wireless mode; the wireless router it is accessing is located within 5 feet. The mechanical parts works well. It might be a good printer for you if connected with USB but you won't like the small ink tank size. I think the failures may frequently be a function of sensing that an ink tank is empty. It will probably run better if the ink tank is immediately replaced when alerted. Trouble, trouble, trouble.
The printer works OK on wired network or USB connections. The print quality is only average, but overall it's OK. I bought this printer to replce an HP color laser printer. I was looking for lower cost of ownership and support for portable devices such as an iPad. Portable device support requires a wireless network connection, and this printer is a complete failure on wireless. I tried all three wireless configuration modes. In all three modes the printer says it has found the wireless access point and successfully joined the network, yet the printer cannot be accessed by any other device. I checked my router and found the printer did not request or obtain an IP address despite its claim of successfully joining the network. Apparently DHCP is not working on the printer. Canon being Canon, you cannot manually configure settings to provide a static IP address, so the printer is useless for wireless access. I have many other wireless devices at my home and have never had any problems getting a wireless connection. My network uses a current model Cisco router so it's not an outdated technology problem. Bottom line: I would not buy this product again and probably will not consider Canon printers again any time soon. Update: Even using a wired network connection, the Canon 892 is failing. It worked wired for a few days. Now the printer is always showing offline even though it is powered on and the display panel is lit. Cycling power sometimes gets the printer back online, but even that is intermittent. The canon driver software cannot find the printer on several PC's on my network, rendering this printer useless. It is a complete waste of time and money. I am returning it and writing off Canon. This printer is JUNK! Forget Wireless Printing.
**2014 UPDATE**: Google Voice support ends on May 15 2014 so I would not recommend purchasing this device. Previous review text below. I did have success sending faxes, and I like the two phone lines which can be used concurrently on a single Google Voice account (for example you can talk on one phone port and concurrently send a fax on the other). Unlike Ooma, note that voice calls on the OBi are transferred across the internet in unencrypted format so could possibly be eavesdropped by a third party. But also unlike Ooma, Google Voice is [WAS] free and feature-rich without having to pay any monthly Ooma taxes or for an Ooma Premier subscription. Google Voice is interesting, and I would encourage prospective OBi buyers to create a Google Voice account and try out some of its free features with your existing phone (such as call forwarding to multiple phones and voice-to-text messaging) independently from purchasing this device. The OBi202 looks like a Google Chat device, and note that you need to provide your Google password to OBihai in order for it to work. Note that Google Voice does not support 911. You will REQUIRE a computer with a web browser to create the Google Voice account, and to reply to CAPTCHA prompts if used in another state, and to buy international minutes if needed. If you bring the OBi with you while traveling or if you program it all up and send it to grandma so she can call you for free, note that the OBi202 won't be able to log into Google Voice from another state due to a Google Voice security feature. Specifically, the OBi202 cannot get past Google's CAPTCHA login prompt so can't log in from a state other than where the Google Voice account was created (it should theoretically be possible to get past this by logging into the Google Voice account on a computer with a web browser from the out-of-state location, but if in a hotel and no computer you're out of luck). This issue makes me wonder how long it will be before Google makes some login change that will render all of these devices useless, since the OBi does not show the advertising that you would normally see on your PC while using Google Voice. Another issue is that our home alarm system could not dial out consistently with the OBi202 device since the DTMF timing from the alarm system was a little different from what the OBi202 expected. Using a speed-dial helped with the dialing issue, but the data transmission was often interrupted by glitches on the line as well (regardless of router VOIP QOS settings). Customer service could not resolve these issues, so had to stick with a different communication path for the alarm system. No Google Voice support after May 15 2014.
This is an okay fountain pen - you get what you pay for. I'm still new to the fountain pen hobby, but I really don't like this pen… Here's some background info of other pens I've tried:Lamy SafariLamy Vista2 x Pilot MetropolitanParker UrbanI've tried this fountain pen with two kinds of ink: Noodler's Bulletproof black ink and the J. Herbin Anniversary red ink [more runny]. This pen was scratchy in use, skipped a good bit, and generally was a bad writing experience overall. To be honest, I'd recommend the Pilot metropolitan over this, since it's in the same price range. I lost my first pilot metropolitan and IMMEDIATELY ordered another one to replace it [its that great]. This one… I feel life would be doing me a favor if I just forgot about it. Forever. The screw cap… just, why? It's so horribly designed that I can't possibly imagine a use for it. It's such a hassle to remove and put back on that I never take it out to my lectures to take notes. Heck, it never leaves its place in the back of my drawer for this reason [as well as the issues in writing]. I've tried cleaning the pen out, etc etc etc, yet it still fails to write nicely. The housing is also relatively cheap. It's okay at best. It did come with a lot of ink cartridges and a converter, but really, that wasn't a huge added bonus since I despised writing with it. My hand even hurt after a while just writing with it [hand cramps that you would experience after writing a lot]. Yuck. I would only use it if the plane I was on crashed, and I was left on a little island in the middle of nowhere with nothing but this and paper… although I may be better off just using it's pointy little tip of the nib to kill myself, because who would want to re-experience the writing with it? Nemosine, I'll gladly send this pen back to you. I don't want it. Please. My suggestion: for a pen that is similarly priced, try out the pilot metropolitan or the lamy safari, which are both much higher quality in terms of durability and writing experience. Yeah. I regret this purchase.
Got this for my dad who needed it on his fax line, yes people still have fax lines, who knew??! It worked very briefly then broke right after the 30 day return policy was up. I'd avoid this unit like the plague! Pretty Much Junk That Will Break.
Do NOT BUY THIS ANSWERING MACHINE unless you enjoy frustration and wasting your money! It works for about a month, and not really well, then dies - too late to return it naturally. V-Tech DS6121-3 DECT 6. 0 Digital Three Handset Answering System with Caller ID (Silver/Gray). Waste of money.
There are three things about this product are so annoying that I'll probably just end up tossing it in the trash (got if free) and getting something else. 1 - My previous answering machine was loud enough to hear in at the other end of the house. This one I can hardly hear in the next room. 2 - The recorded sound is not that clear and I often have to replay messages to understand what people are saying. 3 - (And this is the most annoying of all). I routinely screen my calls so I know who's calling before I pick up the phone. So the first thing a caller says before I pick up becomes a message. After the conversation is over I can't delete the message without first starting to listen to it. Aarrgh. UPDATE - July 19, 2011The delete button has started to wear out. I have to push it twice to get a message deleted. This product really is junk. Thumbs Down.
Be ready to buy lots of these. Buy the XL if you can as your lucky to get 1 month use out of these until the ink runs out.. Not a good buy.
I thought these were the B2B gel pens when I ordered them. my mistake. But I kept them because they are partially recycled. But no one likes to write with them yuck.
The printer works fine. Page print speed is amazing. Wireless setup shows as having worked, but doesn't actually work. Not sure why. Review edit:Stopped working three days after the return period ended. It now just prints black pages. wireless settup still not good.
I really like brother laser printers and have several. In fact I returned this design-flawed unit and replaced it with another Brother, so the following review isn't spiteful. I've read several reviews of this brother HL5470W blowing circuit breakers. But, I'll go one better. When we plugged in this little monster and turned it on it blew out our surge protector. Destroyed the thing not just tripped it. I actually think it did that because my whole house is wired with 20-amp circuits and it just burned out the weakest link. After speaking with Brother tech support, it appears that this particular model has an unusually high start-up amperage compared with all their other fine products. It shouldn't be on the market. Think big surge!
That's what someone in a forum I was in looking for a solution said who worked at HP saying that HP employees thought of this printer. &#34;A pud of a printer&#34; is what she said it as known as around the HP Printer Dept. And they're right, it's the worst! The worst thing is a known issue at HP with this printer is that it keeps turning itself off no matter what you do! I mean, why wouldn't HP give you and option whether you wanted to go into &#34;ecosmart&#34; mode, which shuts the printer off to save energy? Huh? How stupid is that??? So, I have my printer in the basement, and print out my ebay labels from my computers on the first and second floor. Then I go down and see that it didn't print. Then I turn it on and sometimes it prints all the labels from the day before when I had to use a different printer because of it's failure to print. It's a disaster and going back to the &#34;stapler company&#34;. Hopefully they're as good with returns as Amazon. A "pud" printer.
I had exactly the polar opposite experience as the rest of the posters. Mine held strong and was utilized as a holder for my keys. It worked fine and after about 6 months of use I was getting ready to move and attempted to remove it by pulling the adhesive strip out (as it says to do). What took place as I was doing it really makes me mad, it took a few inches off. I'm upset as they clearly and falsely advertise that it's "damage free. " Use this product at your own risk and under the assumption that it WILL damage paint/wall. Don't do it if you value your paint.
The box that this was shipped in was sturdier than this file box! Definitely not worth $9. 99! I suppose there s some value as a letter storage container, but I would be ashamed to set it out where anyone can see it. Don't waste your money. I got this from Vine for free, but feel guilty that money was spent to ship it to me. Cheap cardboard.
In addition to the box being flimsy, it's quite poorly designed. The carrying holes are at awkward places, and the way the front bends open does not properly line up with the back opening for comfortable carrying. What a torrential waste of money. Seriously??
Ok this is at best a silly product and at worst a bit of flim-flam. It is a thin, light weight cardboard box that has a cut out at the top to be used as a "handle". It fits inside a drawer or on a counter top easily enough and it's made out of some recycled content and that is the extent of the good things I can say. If you fill this box up with papers and carry it around with the "handle" then you risk tearing it and losing all your papers when it falls to the ground. And the price? HOLY COW! For 10 dollars I could buy a bunch of manila folders and labels to organize with and still have some cash left over. I think I'll stick with my Smead container that has a fold over flap and is made of a light plastic with dividers inside. Ridiculously overpriced - flimsy cardboard.
I carry a lot of files around: inevitably, some of these end up loose in my car because I grab them off my desk on my way out the door. I keep saying I am going to stop creating paperwork and completing paperwork, but there you go. Anyway I thought this would be an easy way to catch some of those loose files, and it was, for a one time use, which makes it a very expensive, or cheap, file holder, depending on how you look at it. The color is nice Not very useful for files, or papers.
After trying out this Smead "File Box", I had to read the other reviews, just in case I was missing out on something. But I wasn't. It really is every bit as pathetic as my first impression. Here's my stream of thoughts as I started with this:- plastic shrink wrap, need a key or knife or something to get this open… - cardboard? Seriously? - Dude, the shrink wrap was tougher than the "finish" on this box, I already scratched the blue paint! - it says fold-lock bottom, let's see… okay, I see what they're *trying* to do, but one push from the side and this will collapse- okay, what about these side flaps? Are they supposed to fold in, or… huh? I don't understand them. - fold-handle front thingy… umm Sorry - my hand is bigger than that. This handle must be sized for, I dunno, maybe ten-year-olds? - and with folders inside it, the handles are blocked anyway! This is worse than useless! And again - cardboard. Seriously - the Amazon shipping box that this came in has far more value than this pathetic Smead File Box product. Even getting it free, this thing is not worth the time I put into testing it or writing this review. I can't believe anyone would buy this, ever.
Record keeping grows in complexity and importance requiring a system to keep from drowning in paperwork. That is the goal of the Smead MO file box and that is exactly what it is - a box. If you have few records to store and do not mind spending $10 for a box, then this is a reasonable solution. However, most of us have more than a few files to store between bank records, warrantees, receipts, tax forms etc. A copier paper box works better for these situations and has a significant cost and capacity to meet the need. It does not look as nice, but storage rather than presentation is the primary focus of a product like this. Its a box.
This is a flimsy, cheap looking, poorly designed file box. I was hoping to bring it with me to conferences, when I often have many handouts for various sessions I lead, but this looks so juvenile and unprofessional that it won't work. The navy exterior looks cheap and came with a small scratch and the white cardboard interior is visible from the outside, making it look shoddy. I would expect at least three or four for this price; one for ten dollars is ridiculous. The bottom was hard to put together and still doesn't sit properly, making it collapse on itself half the time if I try to pick it up by the handles, which are neither comfortable nor properly spaced. I've repurposed it to hold some children's books in my son's room for now, but it's not going to hold up long until I put it in the recycling bin. What a disappointment! Not sturdy, keeps flattening itself, and causes more problems than it solves.
I hate hanging files for many reasons I won't bother to enumerate. I was hoping to use this file case as an alternative. I had planned to put a bunch of them in my file cabinet and drop file folders into them. Problem #1: Even if you do figure out (without instructions) how to assemble the case so that the bottom actually serves as a bottom, it won't stay that way. The bottom keeps popping open. I solved that problem by taping it shut. Shouldn't have to do that, though, so we're off to a rocky start. Furthermore, even after I taped the bottom, the case does not remain rectangular. Because of how it is packaged for shipping, it keeps trying to morph back into a non-rectangular parallelogram. Problem #2: File folders do not fit easily into the case. They do fit, but just barely, and only if your papers are fully contained within the folder before you try to put the folder in the case. Problem #3: If you try to use the case as a container for loose paper, the papers will sag to the bottom unless you really cram it full of paper, or unless you put the paper in other containers before you put it in the case. I suppose some people will find a good use for this thing, but unfortunately it didn't satisfy any of my needs. Good idea, poor execution.
There are many holders like this that expand and hold standard size paper and documents. They are useful. This one is stiff which can be good but it is hard for the top sides (with the handles) to come together because the cardboards are not bendable. It also does not expand because the sides are solid and firm. Without any expansion feature, it is hard to gather the two sides without bending the whole structure which I don't really want to do. I am not sure if it trys to be a protective box for storage (thus explains its stiffness) or a convenient carrier so the handles may be gathered for such purpose. It doesn't do either job completely well. I also have no idea what the two small side flaps are for. Too Stiff.
For the price of this file box, what's the point? There are no dividers, no folders, no anything. The file box that I received was torn in places, discolored, and flimsy. Overall, very disappointing folder that I otherwise would have used. Terrible file box.
Smead's MO File Box is made from cardboard. It looks and feels cheap, but is not priced that way. Setting up the file box is easy enough, it comes packaged flat and expanding it to lock into a box is simple and quick. Once expanded, you have a small cardboard box capable of holding things. Wow! The interior bottom is not flat because this is where the box locks into place, another negative. I cannot recommend this file box to anyone. Expensive Cardboard Box.
This is a file case made of thin corrugated paper material with an attractive, contemporary tone-on-tone, shiny-on-flat design that unfortunately accentuates the corrugations. The surface with the design seems to be a sheet of shiny stock because the ink scratched off exposing the white surface when I was unwrapping it using a pair of scissors and then again when trying to fit it in a file cabinet. (I thought it might be plastic but it burns rather than melts when a flame is held to it. )It has two cut-out handholds but they are at different heights, only the front flap folds inwards, and they are blocked by papers or file folders so they are only good for a two-handed lift and for that they're not needed, anyway. There is a matching accessory slipcover sold separately that should be included instead--or better yet, a lid that fastens with Velcro instead of the useless handholds, which should be on the ends, not the sides. It should also come with a piece of cardboard to cover the inside of the bottom which has flaps that self-assemble when the box is unfolded but which then won't lay flat and don't seem very secure. The box is also more of a parallelogram than a rectangle because it won't quite stay unfolded. The description on Amazon is wrong at this time: it doesn't expand except from flat to unfolded. It is 3 in. deep and holds roughly 1 1/2 reams of standard copy paper. Overall, this file case is rather flimsy, doesn't carry very easily or even function well as a simple box, isn't durable, and looks like something from the $0. 99 store once it's scratched up. I got this as a review sample and am still very disappointed because I was going to use it for tax papers but didn't want to leave it out on my desk. I ended up cutting off the useless front flap and using part of it to line the bottom. Since the box is all scratched up (and singed), I'm just going to use it in the front of the file cabinet drawer to hold supplies. A good concept poorly executed.
Like other reviews I've read, this is a piece of junk. Made out of cardboard it doesn't stand up to large amounts of paper very well. It is flimsy for the amount of paper you are supposed to be able to put in it. It rips easily. Don't just walk away from it… RUN! Look for something more sturdy or plastic. It just isn't worth it! Piece of Junk.
Okay folks, I will save you a ton of reading, don't buy it. Even if you have money to burn… the heat you get from throwing the bills into the fireplace will give you better value than buying this "file box. "Okay, so here goes… "Holds up to 750 sheets," it says. And that is true. In fact, I'm sure it will hold "up to," a million sheets (depending on the size of each sheet). In the real world, one would expect a "letter size" file box to hold 750 letter sized sheets of paper, normal paper. Probably if you really squeezed them in, but then good luck getting them out… and I'm still not sure, as the pack I put in was 500 sheets and it doesn't look like I can get another 250 in there. I also don't understand what the 3 inch expansion means. Folks, once you open it that's it, it does not "expand. " I also cannot understand why the front of it folds down. When you fold it down the handles do not line up, so what's the point? Lastly, this is thin cardboard. That's it. Nothing fancy. Aka, no reason to be this expensive. There are some positives: it does hold paper, you can put it together easily, it has cut out handles, and it has a nice finish. That's it. Sorry folks. I really thought this would come in handy, but I use it to store construction paper for the kids. Too expensive for a cardboard box!
This file box is an insult to consumers. It is terribly overpriced! I do not recommend it at all. I originally thought it would be that sort of sturdy plastic coated cardboard, but no, it's not. It's just cardboard and not sturdy. It pops up into shape in literally 5 seconds, but that is the ONLY positive remark can make about it. The bottom is tucked pieces of the cardboard, so it never really is flat and it WILL pop open from the weight of the papers inside, if you would try to lift it from the handle cutouts at the top. Which brings me to the "handles. " You would think those little cutouts on the top flaps were to be used as handles, but good luck with actually accomplishing that. One of the top flaps is made with a crease to fold in, but the other side is not. So, when you try to grab the box by the cutouts/handles, one side closes in and the other side stays upright and your fingers barely even reach to both sides. Even if you have really long fingers, it would be very uncomfortable/awkward. The openings are very small, as well. I am absolutely certain you can find something more sturdy, more functional for much less money. Terrible waste of money.
This thing is a great concept, but totally worthless piece of cr*&%! Don't waste your money and especially don't give it as a gift. It's beyond me how someone would manufacture a product that doesn't work at all. It seldom cuts and mostly just tears the paper. The only thing good I can say is it's pretty well made and sturdy and it's a nice color. Designers, please go back to the drawing board on functionality! This is the worst gift I've ever gotten.
Hard to use and very difficult to get to fit under the guide the paper must be fitted to. I found this to be a pain in the rear and gave up after a short time trying to use it. The few times I could get the paper positioned right the cut was good but it wasn't worth the time or effort. * PIECE OF JUNK TERRIBLE PRODUCT!!!
The scissor mouse sounded like a good idea; in actual use, it's way more trouble than it's worth. The bottom of the mouse features a flimsy little red plastic piece that fits under the paper you cut and guides it onto the cutter. Unfortunately, that piece is soft, flimsy and fragile and can be damaged way too easily. The mouse comes in one of those irritating blister packages and I ended up damaging it while unpacking, rendering the mouse unusable. The design could be tremendously improved by making the guide removable and bundling replacements, as well as adding a storage compartment for these replacements inside the mouse. Short of that, I can't recommend this product. A four year old will fare better and be less frustrated with plastic-lined rounded safety scissors than with this flawed gadget. Broke as I was taking it out of the packaging.
I had some quality (heavy) wrapping paper, and this tore it, rather than cut it. I did find that I had better luck pushing it down as I "cut" the paper, but it still started tearing it before I got through the width of paper. I'll stick with scissors. Tore up my wrapping paper!
I thought the idea of the Westcott Scissor Mouse was quite unique. I was correct about the uniqueness; however, they don't work very well. The directions say to pull back the "mouse" so the paper will reach the blade which is covered by a plastic flap, and then slide forward and it will slice easily through the paper. Sounds great but it doesn't quite work that way. If you are lucky to even get the paper to get cut without getting all bunched up and torn, the bunching and tearing happens at the end of your cut. I used the "mouse" to cut out coupons, got frustrated and just used regular scissors. It may work well for wrapping paper where one straight cut end-to-end is all that's needed. Keep in mind you would have to use this on a hard, flat surface which might be difficult with a long roll of gift wrap. I give it 1 star for being a cute idea. Don't waste your money.
Could not cut one piece of paper with this. I tried different kinds of paper, coupon paper, regular paper, newspaper… it wouldnt cut anything. All it would do was crunch up the paper. There is a 'guider' underneath & mine was a little to the side - dont know if that's why it wouldnt work. But regardless, it made the cutter useless. Had to throw it away.
This looks like it would cut through paper very easily, but don't be fooled. It eats up paper instead. There's a guide on the bottom that you need to hook the paper under, but the paper gets stuck. After a lot of prodding, I managed to get it going, but when it came to the end of the paper, it wouldn't continue and ended up chewing up the last 3 ". There is a rotary blade in the bottom of this mouse-like instrument, which will cut through any surface you have it on, so don't cut your paper on a counter, table or any other surface you don't want to mark up. Make sure you only use a cutting board when you use this. I'll stick to scissors. Looks easy, but it's not.
This looks like a good idea, but its really just a different way of packaging one of those paper cutters where you put the paper into the guide. For safety reasons this is designed with a guide on the bottom and the paper must be inserted into the guide. The cutting (or more accurately tearing because the blade is not sharp enough to cut paper) occurs as the paper is pushed through the guide. There is no visibility of where one is cutting. I found this "mouse" much harder to use than a plain old scissors and the cutting job from this mouse was pretty messy. Not as good as a Scissors.
Good price on the multi-color retail package - UPDATE: I ordered these combo pack of ink cartridges in January 2013, and just went to install them in my printer - turns out they expired in April 2012. The combo pack was advertised as coming in "retail packaging," but the cartridges arrived taped together without a box. My return window ended February 11, 2013 and I've contacted Amazon with assistance with a refund or a replacement from a different third-party vendor called SimpleIsKing but was to have been fulfilled by Amazon. I'll update as necessary. Update - received expired cartridges.
I won't bother with a full review as two issues make this printer essentially useless from my perspective… It is not truly wireless… from a networking standpoint, it plugs in WITH A WIRE to a wireless router, it does not itself connect to a wireless router wirelessly. And, its features are crippled with a Mac with a large assortment of options just not available that are available on a Windows computer. This Printer is Joke.
But I have yet to be able to print more than one lousy page with it! First, Mac OSX Maverick is not a supported driver, so I had to download a patch driver. I have fiber optics internet and it took 40 minutes to download. Then it was corrupt. Downloaded again, corrupt. Tried again and finally got it - three hours later. Backstory: not my first HP printer, not my first Mac. Have had four different laser printers from HP and countless inkjet printers over the years. Work on a Mac and have since they were grey little boxes. OK, got it to print a page and I was giddy with delight! I decided to go buck wild and print MORE PAGES. So, printing from Adobe Acrobat Pro, I selected 10 copies and clicked PRINT. For some unknown reason it printed 30 or so and ran out of paper. (I doubled checked, I had only selected 10 copies). That was the end of it. It tells me to "check the printer for errors". Then it says it needs paper, no it does not, it has paper. Greedy glutton printer must want more paper than it can hold for some reason. I have reinstalled the driver, followed the BIZARRE steps that HP recommends when you have the audacity to run out of paper ($#% you for not staying on top of the paper tray, idiots must be punished). None of them have helped. The various forums show I am not the only one with these issues. So, I sit here with a printer that does not work. I am limping along on my old LaserJet 1525 nw and now it has started being even more temperamental than it was. It says Needs Paper when it does not. I have to reboot the printer repeatedly to get one piece of paper to print. I will try tech support one more time on Monday. I know better than to call on the weekend. My husband tells me to buy yet another printer. I don't think it is the printer, it seems as if it is in the software that I downloaded. VERY VERY frustrated and disappointed in this entire purchase… EDITED: After three, yes three hours on the phone with HP Support, it is working… for now. Corrupt driver download that should not have ever even been able to work, worked enough for us to have a hard time figuring out. That made no sense, I know. The customer support guy was actually VERY nice, I felt bad when I did not buy the upgrade package he tried to sell. So, we will see. I cannot give this item any more stars, but I will re-edit in a few weeks. Also, it should not have been this much stress to get to this stage… I wish I could tell you how the HP LaserJet Pro 200 prints.
These are pretty cheap. Two of them came with dented/deformed covers. I do not expect them to last. Maybe we won't even end up using them. Cheap.
I lost almost $300 after my card was scanned and fraudulent charges were made while my card was inside this card holder. Go with an aluminum case from a reputable manufacturer like SHARKK. I do not recommend this product. No protection from scanning.
Does not work with windows 8!!!! Brother tech support could not get the unit to work with their own software. The software available for download does not install. Control Center does not work! Stay away from it… though this machine works great on older systems xp, vista and win7 (with issues). Does not work with windows 8.
I was tired of using my slow, ink-hogging inkjet printer to print invoices and black and white documents so I decided to give a laser printer a try. This one had the two biggest items on my wish list: 500-sheet capacity and high-capacity toner cartridges. After receiving and unpacking it, the next step in the quick-start guide was to plug it in and turn it on. About three seconds after turning it on a circuit breaker blew and all the power went off in my bedroom-turned-home office. I reset the circuit breaker and tried again--same thing. I tried a third time with everything in the room turned off and it again blew the circuit breaker. I did some research on the problem and it turns out blowing circuit breakers is not uncommon with Brother laser printers. None of the reviews for this particular model complained about this, but if you look at the reviews for this printer's less-expensive cousin, theBrother HL5450DN, there are many people reporting this problem. One thing my research uncovered is that modern building codes dictate that bedrooms have an extra level of protection in the circuit breakers vs. other rooms in the house. I probably could have set this printer up somewhere else and it would have worked. However, this would have meant putting it downstairs (with my home office being upstairs), which would simply not have worked for me. I was determined not to go back to my inkjet, so I returned this printer and purchased aHP LaserJet Pro 400. According to the manufacturers' specs, this Brother printer uses 727 watts of power while printing, and the HP 570 watts. I don't know if it's the difference in power consumption or some other factor, but I've had the HP for several days and it works in my home office without a problem. It's more expensive, and in order to get 500-sheet capacity you need to purchase an additional tray (which costs half the price of the printer! ), but I haven't seen any reviews complaining of it causing power problems, and it worked successfully in my case when the Brother didn't. The Brother HL6180DW has a great feature list and looking at the other reviews it's clear that it works great for some people. If you are going to try this printer in a home office setting, I would very strongly suggest shutting down your computer before turning the printer on. I didn't, and had a tense situation when I turned my computer back on and Windows ran the "check disk" start-up utility and found a bunch of corrupt files on my hard disk. (Thankfully my computer came back up after running the utility for about an hour, and everything seems to be fine. ) Shutting the power off on a running computer is a big no-no, so keep that in mind when powering up this printer for the first time. Unusable For Me - Trips Circuit Breaker.
This tape is a pretty spring green color and you can write on it but it doesn't do the one thing tape is supposed to do, which is to stick. I wanted this to label my wires coming out of my various computer conponents. I wrote the type of each wire on a piece of this and wrapped it around each wire. I stuck the two ends of the tape to each other, sticky sides together, to make a little tag that would identify which wire went to which device. I was delighted with it. Until, much to my chagrin, after all the work, (I have over fifty wires) all the pretty little green tags were lying all over the floor. I had also put two pieces of tape on my electric stationary bike to identify a couple of mystery buttons, and they too were on the floor. If you need tape that sticks to something and remains that way don't buy this tape. The sticky side doesn't stick for more than two weeks. Disappointed.
Unlike other Kodak scanners I've used, this one is a bit of a fail. The scanner market is pretty full of options and I recommend opting out of this model. The scanner was difficult to set up. The included installation CD did not install the drivers properly. Numerous attempts to reinstall from the disk did not correct the issue. Finally, I was able to find the proper drivers and download them from the Kodak website. The scanner came with a power supply that had numerous interchangeable outlet plugs for use in other countries. It also came with a USB power plug that would allow the scanner to be powered by a laptop computer. This was in addition to the USB connector plug, so in order to power from the laptop while scanning, 2 USB ports would have to be used. According to the package instructions, using the USB power option diminishes the scan quality. Scanning shouldn't be so hard :-)This device is very compact and could be packed in a computer case for travel. One useful feature is the scanner will scan both sides of a double sided document at the same time. To be aware though, the side facing out will be the second page. Overall, the full color scan quality is good for such a small device and once set up has been achieved, this product works as advertised. It doesn't appear to be compatible with Macs, however, and that's a whole other issue. In the old days, I've had separate scanners for separate computers, but with the portability of scanners, being able to work seamlessly between operating systems should be a standard thing. Seamless, however, is not the middle name of this scanner. Pass.
Um, yeah. World's tiniest bulletin board? The bad: The dimensions listed include the frame. The frame is slightly larger than 1. 5 inches wide (meaning more than 3 inches total space lost, when you include both sides or top and bottom). The result is a usable cork area of only 7. 75 x 13. 75 (compared to 11 x 17 product size). Yes, that's right -- less than the width of a standard piece of paper if using in portrait orientation. The silly: the mounting screws that are included are far too large for a board of this diminutive size. Each screw is 1. 5 inches long, and comes with a plastic anchor as well. Big holes in the wall, to hang a tiny bulletin board. The good: Cork is good, there's ample cardboard backing so even a longish push-pin (3/8 inch) won't go through to the wall behind, and the sticker with the Quartet logo is easily removed. Too bad they used such a large frame. Bottom line: Perfect if you need to pin up business cards (it will hold 16 cards, if you jam them right against each other), or four 3x5 photos (that's all it will hold). Otherwise, get a bigger board, or one with a smaller frame. Big frame, very small usable cork area.
I can't believe Swingline put their name on this product. When I received this stapler (which didn't even come packaged in any way) my first thought were, &#34;Where are the staples? &#34; Nope, it doesn't come with a single staple. I put staples I had at home in and it immediately jammed. Usually, I'd think maybe I needed to buy better Swingline staples for the Swingline stapler, but in this case, I don't see that it's going to matter. When I could staple without jamming, the whole thing is so cheap that I could only get the staple through a 2-3 sheets of paper. Overall, this feels like a cheap, plastic stapler you'd get from the everything's a dollar store and certainly not something you'd expect to get from Swingline. Cheap.
This is what I would call a &#34;throw away&#34; stapler. Cheaply made out of plastic, the stapler would not hold up to heavy use. I tested the stapler on a variety of textures of paper, and was able to staple up to the 30 pages in the description, but the results were variable. About every three or four uses, the staples got stuck in the opening, or would not work at all. The pluses? The stapler is attractive and extremely light, which means it would easily fit in a school bag or briefcase for occasional use. As a desk stapler, however, you'd be better off investing in a higher quality item that works consistently, and will last longer. Attractive, but cheaply made.
This is such a cute stapler that I bought it for work. Oh too bad it's such a junk stapler! Right away I could feel the poor quality. Every time I stapled a stack of papers, the top would be loose. I eventually threw it away. Don't waste your money on this product! Cute, but poor quality!
In the year I have owned theEpson Expression Home XP-400 Wireless All-in-One Color Inkjet Printer, Copier, Scanner, I have had it replaced three times and ultimately given up. My first unit, had issues with the printer head, every print came out a huge ink mess, I contacted Epson and they suggested I try purchasing replacement cartridges to fix the issue. I didn't let that fly and asked if they were going to replace it (the printer was outside the store return policy). After a little prodding they replaced my printer. The replacement printer was much worse than the original. While I could deal with the fact that the scanner was excessively loud (grinding and popping), the replacement had a defective fax port and would not work for that function. The printer also kept dropping off the network, where as the first one did not. Since I use the Fax occasionally, and depend on wireless printing, this was going to be acceptable. Again I contacted Epson to see about getting the printer replaced and they shipped a replacement. I honestly believe they sent the original printer back to me because after setup, the print that came out was a huge mess of ink everywhere. I've decided to give up on Epson. Though I can believe in a 'string of bad luck' or 'a couple defects before a dependable one shows up', this pattern is extremely disappointing. I would not recommend this printer to anyone. A Disaster.
Amazon should remove printing from Android devices until Canon actually updates the app to allow you to print. Make sure read the full description on Amazon's page or you will miss the disclaimer from Canon about not printing with Android until Dec. 2012. I would have stayed with my current Selphy ES2, which has the ink and paper all in the same cartridge. If you are upgrading to this printer be aware that the paper and ink are separate. I knew this when purchasing the CP900, so it does not bother me. Another downfall is the fact that there is no CF slot, which is odd because many of Canon's DSLRs use CF. I have a 7D, so I will continue to use my older Selphy ES2 for quick prints. If you are considering purchasing the optional NB-CP2L battery make sure you purchase the CG-CP200 Charger Adapter because it is required, so you end up spending more money then the cost of printer to make the printer portable. Additionally, the CG-CP200 adapter is not sold in many places. I am considering returning the printer because it cannot do what I wanted it for (printing from our phones)I cannot recommend this printer for Android users until Canon fulfills it promise of printing from Android devices. Do not expect to print from your Android phone or Compact Flash.
I received the CP900 as a Christmas present. It was difficult to connect to my network, but with Canon help, I got it connected. Then I discovered that it would not work with my primary computer because it uses Windows 8. Finally, I installed the driver on an old Windows 7 computer and managed to get it to print. The quality of the print is so poor that I can't imagine a reason for using this thing. The cost per print is more than twice that charged by Costco, but the quality is unacceptable. Skin tones are gray and colors print darker than they are seen when the images are displayed on a computer screen. Canon seems to be uninterested in supporting Windows 8, which is beyond belief. I also own a Canon iP2702 printer. It is a full sized, ink-jet design and is also not worth using. It produces prints that are not sharp and have poor color balance. My suggestion is to shop for an HP or Epson. I have had good results with both. Poor quality color, poor design, poor support.
It took four tries to download the ton of software that comes with this printer (each try is 15 minutes) and the print quality is poor. No saturation, no contrast. Just weak prints. I am sending it back. I went through the head cleaning, and alignment routine -- no dice. Don't waste your money on this printer. Junk.
DO NOT BUY… I BROUGHT THIS ONE. THEY DO NOT TELL YOU THAT YOU CAN'T RE-INSTALL THIS, IF YOU LOSE YOUR MACHINE OR IF YOU HAVE TO RESTORE THE MACHINE. I WAS SO MAD, IT IS NICE, BUT IF YOU EVER HAVE TO INSTALL YOUR SOFTWARE AGAIN YOU CAN'T. I EVEN CALLED THEM ON THIS, WHEN I DISCOVERED I COULD NO LONGER INSTALL THE PROGRAM, SO BEWARE. CALL AND ASK. ITS SAD YOU BROUGHT A MACHINE OR EQUIPMENT AND ONE TIME INSTALL IS NOT ENOUGH OR EVEN TWICE. WHAT A RIP OFF, PLUS YOU CAN ONLY INSTALL THIS ON ONE MACHINE AND NOT TWO. SO THERE YOU GO. BEFORE YOU BUY ALL THESE SCANNERS, CHECK IF YOU WANT RE-INSTALL AND IF ITS UNLIMITED RE-INSTALL. THE NEAT MACHINE DOES THE SAME THING, DO NOT BUY IT NEITHER. I BROUGHT THIS FOR A TRIP AND USED IT WHILE THERE SINCE IT WAS SMALL TO SCAN PHOTOS FROM OLD FAMILY ALBUMS. MY LAPTOP CRASHED LATER AND HAD TO GET ANOTHER , WILL GUESS WHAT NOT ALLOWED TO INSTALL IT AGAIN, SO IT IS USELESS, JUST THROW IT AWAY. EVEN IF I AM THE ORIGINAL OWNER, I WAS SO MAD. AGAIN THE SCANNER BY NEAT DOES THE SAME THING, CAN'T RE-INSTALL OR USE AGAIN. DO NOT BUY, CAN'T RE-INSTALL , OR USE ON MORE THAN ONE MACHINE.
I have been a long time HP printer customer but was disappointed by the last two HP printers I have had. I have been fairly impressed by several Samsung products I purchased recently, so I was very eager to get the chance to try out this new Samsung Color Laserjet printer. First off, I am tired of ALL inkjet printers, because the cartridges are two expensive, and even when you do not use the printers, the cartridges go bad and have to be replaced. I have been wanting to move to a home laserjet for some time to allow me to print documents with some color without the expense of the inkjet cartridges. After giving this printer a workout, I must say that I can rate it as "acceptable", but nothing more. My first difficulty in getting it set up was that the paper tray is poorly designed. It serves as the bottom part of the printer. I found it very difficult to get the paper tray back in, since it does not have well designed "guides". I had to fumble with it for five minutes to get the tray back in. Hopefully with time I will learn the "recipe" to get the paper tray to slide back in properly. Second issue with the paper tray is that it has very limited capacity. It holds only a very thin stack of paper. The next issue I had was that it took me three hours to get the printer installed. In the end, I found that the Samsung supplied USB cable was faulty, and the cable was causing the installation problems. When I replaced with one of my own cables, the installation was done in under 5 minutes. My question for Samsung. . . why include a junk cable? Either provide a quality cable, or dont include one. This bum cable cost me an afternoon. With the printer up and running I did some test prints. I found the overall color on photographs to be subpar by color laserjet standards. The similarly priced HP laserjets provide better color on photographs. The printer does an acceptable job for text, and text with charts and graphs, but somewhat less than acceptable on photographs (yes, I understand laserjets are not made for photos, but I have had other laserjets with better photo capability). So, overall this printer is OK for a cheap color laserjet, but keep your expectations in check if you order it. UPDATE: 4/5/2013I have had this printer now for several months. I have used it very lightly. . . maybe once or twice a week. I was shocked to see that already it is telling me to buy a toner cartridges. It is looking like this printer is going to be WAY more expensive than even an inkjet. The toner cartridge cost is terrible, and toner cartridges are hard to find. I am downgrading my rating from 3 stars (acceptable) to 1 star (not acceptable)The other issue I have found with this printer is that it is FREQUENTLY losing track of what IP port it is on. This requires different things from rebooting the router, printer, and computer to "refinding" the printer from the router. I will use the printer until the cartridge runs out, and then will junk it. I don't have to time to continue to fight with this printer. Not Happy With This Printer.
10/23 Update:As promised, I have rated this one star due to the fact that for the last time it has lost connectivity to the PCs. I can still see the printer in my router on the network and ping it, so it's not a connectivity issue. It just refuses to be detected by devices. I tried a Win 7 PC, Retina Macbook Pro, and an iPhone 4S. None of the devices were able to print. A little hard to blame drivers since we're talking three totally different platforms. I was hoping the issues were finally gone for good but this printer is way too unreliable to be any use at all and thus earned the one star review. I think you can tell by my updates that I've given it more than enough chances. Also as promised, I removed the paper, put it in my reliable Epson Workforce 630 (which has performed admirably since day one), and powered the Samsung off. Maybe if I have a need for a USB only printer I will one day use it again. Until then, into cold storage it goes. Honestly, had this been purchased and not obtained through Vine, I would have likely returned it long ago. The Vine program at least gave it an opportunity to be objectively reviewed without fear of the dreaded return window closing. Steer clear and find another printer. 10/4 Update:In fairness to the printer, it has worked flawlessly since the last update. Therefore, for now, I have updated my rating to "okay" based on how well it performs WHEN it's working. However, this is the final chance. If I try to print one more time and get a comm error, it's dropping back to one star and staying there. It's also coming off my network at that point. I'm just trying to give it a fair shot. 09/30 Update:If you wish to read my entire review, feel free, but as of this morning, I just tried printing from my PC and once again I got a comm error. I can, however, ping the printer, reach the management interface through my PCs browser and print to it from my mobile devices and Mac. This thing seems to randomly lose communication with individual devices. I really wanted to like this printer and if you read my entire review(s), you will see that I tried everything humanly possible short of sending it in for repair. However, a product should not be ths much of a headache right out of the box. Maybe I got a lemon, but based on my past few days of frustration and thinking the problem was resolved only to have it keep reappearing in inconsistent manner, I had to drop my original rating from four stars to one. I will contact Samsung support and try to get it repaired. It's pretty obvious at this point that there's something wrong with this printer. The problem is not my router because I never lost total connectivity with the printer, just sporadically among individual devices. I also have ZERO problems with all other printers, computers, mobile devices, game consoles, and televisions connected to the same router. It's not the drivers because I've lost connectivity on four separate platforms (Windows, OS X, iOS and Android) at different times. I honestly think it has something to do with the sleep wake function. Every time I fix an issue, the printer works perfectly until it goes into sleep mode. When it wakes, there's usually a new issue with seemingly different devices every time. **********************************************************09/29 Updated Review:The following update is my experience after writing my initia review. I left my initial review intact to point out the pros and cons of the printer when it works. However, I strongly suggest taking the advice in the update, especally if you are non-technical or a small business looking to avoid unnecessary IT costs. ****************************************************************************************************************************************************After completing the printer setup on my network, PCs and mobile devices, it initially worked like a charm. I was very impressed with the printing speed, quality and ease. I was printing from my PCs, an iPhone and a Galaxy tablet. The first sign of trouble was when I lost the ability to print from my iPhone about an hour later. I just assumed it was a flaky app, especially since the Samsung tablet and my PC were still printing fine. However, I now see that the Airprint experience (described below) was a portend of things to come. The PC printed fine all day yesterday, so I figured all was well. Imagine my surprise when I subsequently attempted to print from my computer today and encountered the same exact problem as Airprint! The printer simply lost connectivity to my PC. I verified the host name, IP and MAC address in my router and verified I could still print over the network from the Galaxy Tab (using Android version of same app used on my iPhone), so I didn't think it was a connection issue. I then tried connecting from a Mac and installed the mobile printing app on my iPad. Both were unsuccessful as well. The only thing that still worked at that point was my wife's Samsung Galaxy Tab Plus. I then downloaded and installed the Samsung Easy printer manager software. After installing the software, I was able to locate the printer on my network and restore printing on my computer. I was able to print for most of the day and I thought my problem was solved. After restoring printing to the PC, I figured I'd try troubleshooting Airprint using tips from the user guide. I tried to configure Airprint directly through iOS instead of the Samsung app. I typed the printer's IP address into the Safari browser on my iPhone and it displayed the message "SyncThru Loading" and a status bar that never completed. After a few minutes, I realized it was frozen, so I abandoned my efforts to restore Airprint printing and went back to my PC. Guess what? I couldn't print from the PC again. I tried accessing the printer by IP through my web browser and could not reach it. I tried reaching it through Easy printer manager and couldn't reach it through there either. I then tried pinging the printer's IP and it said "destination host unreachable". Finally, I went to the physical printer and tried to troubleshoot through the LCD panel. That's when I dicovered the printer was completely frozen. None of the panel buttons worked and the LCD just sat there with "Ready" displayed. The only way to free up the printer was to do a hard power cycle using the main power switch on the rear. After powering the printer back on, I printed a configuration page using the LCD panel. The IP address was still the same, so it wasn't a DHCP problem. I figured for kicks and giggles, I'd try setting a static IP. I logged into the printer using the web browser. Easy Print Manager was utterly useless because it still couldn't find the printer, so I uninstalled it and will perform all management through the web interface instead. I set a static IP with a different last octet and viola! Everything now works, my PC, both tablets, my iPhone and the Mac. Hopefully, it simply didn't like the original DHCP assigned IP and simply needed a change. I just wish it would have failed outright instead of working sporadically. For that reason, I'm not 100% confident that was the root cause. I'll keep my eye on it and if it fails again, that's it. Honestly, for the average home user or small business without a dedicated IT staff, I suggest finding something a little more reliable. I've installed hundreds of network business printers as well as dozens of personal printers for myself and friends and have never encountered a printer this hard to configure that wasn't defective. That's why I said I'm not 100% sure a "bad IP" was necessarily the final issue. I verified there were no conflicts on the network with that IP and the IP never changed from initial setup. *********************************************************************************************************************************************************Original Review------------------------After unboxing this printer, the first thing I did was make a bee line to Samsung's web site to download the latest drivers. I never used bundled driver disks unless online drivers are unavailable or not newer than bundled driver. I downloaded the basic driver and figured I'd start there. The basic driver package (under the drivers tab on the site) worked just fine. It installed the printer on both my WiFi network and PC. All other software is optional (mainly for management, etc). I chose the USB setup option. They supply a USB 2 cable with the printer. If you don't want to connect via USB to configure printer, you can try to set the WiFi via the LCD panel, but it's only a two line basic display, so it's not quite as efficient or as quick as configuring WiFi during the driver install over USB. Most users will find that the basic drivers alone will suffice. Once I completed the printer setup, the printing was fast and great. I printed a photograph on plain inkjet paper. The first page scared me because it had white specks all over the image. I (correctly) assumed it was likely due to it being the very first print after the printer had been transported and jostled all about. I printed the same image a second time. The second print was flawless with rich color saturation, accurate colors, decent sharpness and no artifacts on the image. So, now that I've setup the printer and had a couple days to print with it, here are my pros and cons:Pros----Fast printing. Unlike the CLJ printers at my job, this one doesn't "warm-up" with random clicking and whirling sounds for a minute or two after jobs are sent. It processes and prints immediately, like my inkjetExcellent print quality, better than an HP 3550 color laserjet and rivaling a Xerox 9303 color wax printers that I use at work. Granted, these printers are older, but the 3550 never looked as good as the results from the Samsung. The newer (both in age and technology) Xerox is closer in quality. Android mobile printing is reliable and great. I installed this on a tab 7. 0 Plus and Galaxy S3 and it works like a charm. I wish the same could be said about iOS and Airprint (see the below cons for more info on that)Auto-sleep function with separate sleep and power buttons to conserve energyManagement software for your PC is available to monitor the printer, see toner status and change printer settingsCons----The LCD panel is not backlit. Some of the buttons are lit but not the LCD. It seems minor but the LCD is all but impossible to read without optimal light and placement conditionsThe USB port is loose (at least on my printer). The slightest pressure on the cable caused it to pop out several times while I was connected to configure WiFi. It wasn't that big of an issue because I knew it was temporary but it may be an issue for those planning to connect via USB instead of through their network. The top "power" button (circle with intersecting vertical line at top) only wakes the printer. It doesn't put it to sleep. Although the mobile printing works fine on Android devices, iOS devices are more finicky. I downloaded the Samsung mobile printing app and connected to the printer with my iPhone 4S, but after the printer went to sleep the first time, I could no longer connect from my iPhone. Whenever I try to print, it searches and says no printers found. I get the same result through the Samsung app. I tried everything, even rebooting the phone, but it will not connect to the printer neither through native airprint nor the Samsung app. For the record, the printer is on Apple's list of Airprint compatible printers. I'll keep trying to figure it out, but at least the Android devices print, for now. The price of the toner cartridges is very expensive. Replacement cartridges are a hundred bucks and it takes four. It almost makes $30 inkjet cartridges seem cheap by comparison. On the plus side, at least the toner won't dry up on you before you can get full use from it liek a lot of inkjet cartridges do. Although I'm not thrilled about the cost of replacement toner, I'm hoping the actual usage and less replacement frequency will make it at least as evenly cost efficient as an inkjet, if not more. Other than the iOS problem, all other aspects of this printer are very good. If that changes in the future I will certainly report back to advise. Shaky WiFi experience.
Good first - if and when it prints, it comes out very nice for a color laser. But, it jammed after printing out maybe 6 pages, was impossible to remove the jam - you can see it but the roller area cannot e opened. I returned to Amazon, and they immediately replaced, as always. Good? No, the second one lasted for 3 prints, then jammed the same way, cannot remove the jam, and the paper try will no longer close. Back to Amazon this one goes and I guess I'll never buy a Samsung printer again. If you wonder, I used regular 24 pound laser compatible plain paper and the auto feed tray. Avoid no matter what!
I wanted to use this for a while before reviewing it. First, it's kinda on the noisy side. If that doesn't bother you than you should be OK. Second, networking. I never could get it to function wirelessly. I still have to hook it up via a USB cable. I should really take two stars away for that but I won't. Third, it does print well. The colors are sharp. I own and have owned quite a few inkjet and laser printers and this printed out rather well. Overall it's a decent printer. Kinda high-priced since it isn't an all-in-one, but decent. UPDATE: I have had nothing but issues getting this printer to work-USB or wirelessly AND I've done the installation OVER again! I'm sorry Samsung but you're hung up to dry! Will this ever work?
-----------------------------------UPDATE: May 15, 2014I am shifting my rating from 2 stars to 1 star. AVOID THIS PRINTER. I purchased a replacement cartridge for the black toner, and watched as the color cartridges ran down… baffled as next to no color printing was going on. There is no way to set this printer on an Apple Mac computer to be black and white only. When the Magenta toner ran out, the printer refused to print any further. Even with a full black toner. I've gone through all the menus on the printer, on the Mac, searched the internet. I am done with this printer and done for a while with Samsung (which is too bad as I have a number of their products). Perhaps this is frustration and anger speaking, but really… how do you not allow the printing to continue with full black toner?! -----------------------------------ORIGINAL REVIEW:I bought this printer for my mother as I was very satisfied with a Samsung laser that I own (CLP-620ND). Initially, I was very satisfied with the print quality and the features. Networking was a pain to setup successfully on a Mac. Over time, I've become significantly jaded. The wireless connection to this printer goes down all the time. Not a big deal for me to handle if I owned the printer. Not possible for my mother to handle. The biggest issue overall though is… this printer burned right through the black toner over a period of a year of very infrequent printing. This is the exact reason I bought this… to get away from the ink jets. I checked her impression level and it was far under the volume expected to be handled. And to add insult to injury, on top of the toner and network issues, pages that come fresh out of the printer appear to have some steam coming off of them. What the heck?! Once I find a replacement color laser printer, this one is GONE. Avoid buying this. NO NO NO - Cannot recommend this - burns through toner, networking issues.
According to documentation, there are four possible ways to install this printer. The first three correspond to three options in the installation guide on the CD, when you get to Printer Connection Type page of the wizard:1) Direct connection2) Network connection3) Configure wireless networkThe 4th option4) WPSis available only if you have a WPS button on your router, which I do. In summary, 4) fails outright. 2) and 3) fail because, out of six pieces of software installed by the wizard, it fails to install the most important one, the driver. I tried some tricks to install the driver separately, but it didn't work. 1) I managed to make it work (again, had to install the driver separately), but it requires a permanent cable connection between the printer and the computer. I may only be OK if all you have is a single desktop and the printer is located within 4 feet. Sure, after a couple more frustrated evenings and some customer service calls I will probably find a solution, but my point is that IT IS NOT OK FOR PRINTER MANUFACTURERS TO TREAT THE CUSTOMER LIKE THAT (I had similar problems with a Brother printer also). The only reason why you guys stay in business is because, after all that frustration, the customers can't help feeling like it's all their fault. Then, when some hacky fix is found, they are only too happy that they don't have to send the expensive piece back. It's high time we customers got rid of this victim mindset! Avoid It.
Tickets a heavy paper, only about half as thick as paperboard (65#)Kind of a disappointment coming from Avery. I've used & love a LOT of their products. This one missed the mark. Tickets tear easier from stubs than they do each otherGreat idea, but needs to be thickerNice size for events, etc. Might be OK for same day use. Takes inkjet OK, better with laser printer. Avery has online software, but you're better off if you have either the old software of just using MS Word OK, or better, Open Office Writer. Online software had some pictures, the program is extremely clunky, although can be used on pads & cell phones. It took me roughly 15 minutes to find out that you need to make an account, THEN you can find the software for the tickets, otherwise the web site will take you in circlesThe old Avery software wasn't great, but the new software leaves a LOT to be desired. I's suggest http://www. amazon. com/Blanks-USA-Pre-Cut-Numbered-TKS02X9WH/dp/B001T0HG7U/ref=pd_sbs_op_5 instead, as it is already pre-numbered and they are made with heavier paperYou can then use "Writer" or "Word" software. "Open Office" is a free office suite Avery had yet to recognize, yet is a FAR superior program or MS Word, AND is open source! You can keep the basic features if you like, or add as many as you want & you can save to multiple formatsNot a lot of artwork to choose from, tabs are not in the order they need to be used. This wasn't a problem for me, as I'd used their old software before. Someone needs to start from scratch & make some software that is easier to use with Avery products! This is the first product of Avery's that I've truly been disappointed with. If you're going to have an event worth creating custom tickets, you'll want to do it on thicker paperboard (a 110# or above) , otherwise, you might as well , save the money, time & ink and buy a roll of 2000 standard tickets & be done with it! Here's a roll of 2000 standard tear ticketshttp://www. amazon. com/PM-Company-Deposit-Tickets-59005/dp/B003B1ZHFS/ref=pd_sbs_op_3ad, as I'm generally a fan of Avery products. It seems like on-line software was thrown together. The older software you downloaded was better, but srill needed some work to refine it. Tickets a heavy paper, about half as thick as paperboard, software not the best- Avery missed on this one.
The Avery Tickets with throwaway stubs is a great idea but just didn't work out for us. I wanted to use it for the office but they came across too unprofessional. Instead we let the kids use them for a play at the house. Even then the printing was an issue. Avery Tickets.
I was going to be printing a lot of color so I thought I would try to save on ink when the OEM cartridges ran out on my new Canon printer. After using only two of these ink cartridges the printer started printing everything with a green hue. After 20 cleaning cycles, I could not unclog the head. The printer was still under warranty, but since this was not OEM ink Canon voided the warranty. I bought another one and tried this ink again, thinking that the first time might have been a fluke. I after only a single set of cartridges, I am printing green again. DO NOT BUY THIS INK! IT WILL DESTROY YOUR PRINTER!!!!! Killed two new canon printer! Do not buy!
I've now had these pens for awhile and they are terrible. They now write very inconsistently as compared to how they wrote when I first received them. The review below is what I wrote when I first tried the pens. I thought they were really great. Now however, they do not write as smoothly, the ink flow is inconsistent and it appears ink gathers at the tip so the first time you write (after say a day of letting the pen sit), you get a slight glob of ink. I thought it might have been just the particular one I was using but had put the others in different locations and started seeing the same problem with each one. Of the 5, only one still writes as I wrote about it initially. The other 4 are useless. I am really disappointed as these were the best rollerball pens but now are worse then cheap ballpoints. They are not really even usable so I'm just going to throw them away. Highly NOT recommended now. I don't usually use rollerball type pens as they are not smooth enough or take too much pressure to write or are inconsistent with the ink depositing on the paper. These Uni-Ball Elite are some of the best rollerball pens that I have used. They write smoothly with very even ink application even with light pressure and nice ink colors. What I like the most is that they are very easy to use and the ink flows easily allowing very fast writing yet with good style. I write very fast and most pens don't keep up well or are scratchy in one way or another but these Uni-Ball Elite kept up nicely even well I was writing as fast as I could and the results were excellent, better than any other inexpensive pens. However, some of the other reviewers commented that the pens were not smooth or consistent so I'm wondering about Uni-ball's quality control. Before I'd buy more of these, I would want to make sure I can return them if they are not 100% as good as the ones I have now. Really nice writing pens for a short time then lousy.
Too dark to write on and actually see very well, in fact. These are so bad I went right out and bought some other Post-Its--the larger ones that claim to be super sticky (they're slightly stickier than regular Post-Its but the larger size is worth the extra money! ). MUCH darker blue than appears in photo.
The software doesn't work correctly. The directions are difficult to understand. Never again. I tried to scan pix for a show and it was a mess. Horrible.
The Ampad Versa [25-635] at first glance seems to be the perfect little secretary to carry around with you! As a busy professional, I am always looking for great notebooks for note taking, appointments, and reminders. I could hardly wait for this one to arrive. Unfortunately, I felt that the materials were flimsy and weak. The "re-positional" pages and book markrs sound good when you talk about them. Unfortunately, the tabs that hold them in place are weak and easily bent and then don't allow them to be re-inserted for a new location. The file pockets seemed a big plus! But in fact are so thin that nothing more than one or two layers of paper can be inserted without pulling them apart. Don't get me wrong, I am a huge fan of Ampad products and have used them for years with success! However, this new notebook just doesn't make the grade. It does come complete with flexible page bookmarks, as well as sticky pads and arrows for pointing out highlights and important notes. The 6" x 9" size is perfect for purse or briefcase. I just can't endorse the flimsy construction or lack of proper pocket space. I give this product one [1] star and a thumbs down. [So Sad! ]****DISCLOSURE: This product was provided by Amazon Vine in exchange for an independent and non-biased review. Not Up To Ampad's Usual Quality.
I would stick with OEM cartridges. I tried to save money by buying generic, but these cartridges are just awful. When I removed the plastic tape and held them upside down ink spilled out. The printing results are also terrible. These are poorly manufactured. Maybe I got some duds as others seem to have better results. From my personal experience, I cannot recommend these. leaked everywhere, terrible results.
This product, described on the Amazon site as "4 pack plus 1 black replacement cartridges for Epson NX-330, NX-… , was a package of ink cartridges containing 1-magenta, 1-cyan, 1-yellow and 2-black cartridges for my printer, the Epson MX-330, and several other Epson printers. When I received them I immediately knew that these cartridges did not fit my printer. The printer that I own uses a small vial of ink for each color, and the cartridges I received were large rectangular ones. I upon Amazon's suggestion, contacted the seller directly and this guy was very adamant that he had the same printer as mine and he used these cartridges in it. He requested that I first open one of the cartridges and try it. Well, as expected there was no way it would work, and I contacted him again to hear that he would not except a return. Another thing, the sellers Amazon sellers i. d. is Cartridge Warehouse, but he goes by at least two other names when conducting business on a one on one basis. Stay away from this guy, he is T R O U B L E. Sorry seller, sorry product.
Neither black cartridge worked at all - seems to print in some kind of outline mode. Nozzle check fails dismally - only a few pixels are printed. Tried head cleaning to no avail. Reinserted the first cartridge, and it failed to recognize this time. Tried the second cartridge, same problem as the first. Very cheap, but too good to be true… they simply do not work. Unusable.
These are cheap but the cost of aggravation when a cartridge leaks or isn't recognized by a printer outweighs the benefit. A black cartridge worked fine for awhile but none of the colors were recognized by my EPSON WF-3540. Although I had no intention of decorating my body, my hands are now a rainbow of color. If you need reliable and quality printing, do not purchase theInktoneram Remanufactured Ink Cartridges High CapacityReplacement for Epson 127 (2xBlack, Cyan, Magenta, Yellow, 5-Pack). If you're a gambler who likes the thrill of a risky move and aren't in need of immediate printing capabilities, go for these cartridges. I was only a winner with one out of five. As a gambling tool, it ranks FIVE STARS!
When I first installed and printed a test page I was really impressed with the results. However, that was only temporary. Within a minute of the test page I attempted to print other documents. The black came out orange colored or yellow n pink. The colors were not colors at all. They were all orange based and faint. This is a brand new WF-3520 and I made sure all settings were correct, that print heads were clean and aligned properly. Printing an estimated 20 pages all were same horrible orange faintly printed. I waited 24hrs and attempted to print again and all I got was one huge wet black page that ran all over everything. Several more attempts produced more wet black pages and ink all over the place inside my printer. If you have a genuine Epson printer, I suggest investing in genuine Epson ink. Epson ink will never do this or let you down. I now have to buy a whole new printer. Worst Ink Ever! Leaked out n Ruined Epson WF 3520.
I do a lot of printing and have used non-OEM ink for years on various printers I have owned. Brand name manufacturers' ink is incredibly expensive, and I have always gotten good results at a fraction of the price from the non-OEM ink. Inktoneram is the first brand I've used that I would call junk. I've been using the Inktoneram ink for several months. The most common problem is the printer not recognizing cartridges. I'm careful not to touch the IC chips, and always careful to insert them correctly, but if I replace a full set of ink cartridges there is a 50/50 chance one of them is not going to be recognized. Another more serious problem is the cartridges leaking. A month ago I ordered four sets of cartridges, and the cyan cartridges were leaking inside the protective bag in three of the four sets. Fortunately I caught this before opening the plastic. Tonight, however, was the last straw. I went to change the ink cartridges in my printer, carefully pulled the yellow tabs off each cartridge, and as soon as I pulled the tab off the black cartridge ink started oozing out of the top and on to my hand. As soon as I realized what happened I ran for the garbage can, but my hands are now stained with black ink. I had four black cartridges in my most recent order, and all did the same thing. Thank God I did not get any on the carpet. I have not lost faith in third-party ink yet, but I'll certainly never use the Inktoneram brand again. The low price is makes them tempting, but considering the high percentage of defective cartridges, the actual cost is quite high. Awful.
I just tried one of these cartridges in my new printer, and it gummed up the works. It didn't work and after working on fixing/cleaning my printer, I wasn't even going to consider trying another color. I suppose I should have started with a small sample before I found out they were garbage. My loss! I would not recommend these ink cartridges.
*UPDATE 3*And now Epson has given me yet ANOTHER reason to NEVER again purchase any of their products: They've charged my credit card, WITHOUT MY AUTHORIZATION, for merchandise that I returned to them FOUR MONTHS AGO! Upon the installation of original Epson cartridges to get my printer to work, the gold-plated metal chip readers in the cartridge carrier started pulling out after I tried to re-seat the cartridges properly in the carrier. Contacting Epson Customer Service was an exercise in frustration that took over an hour, and required that I explain simple information repeatedly. Once the agent - a Corporate Customer Service agent, no less - finally understood, she explained to me that I could either ship it back and wait four to six weeks for a replacement, or I could offer up my personal credit card for what she told me would ONLY be a hold on my account, in order to expedite the shipment of the refurbished replacement printer, once they'd received the unit that I'd be shipping back to them. VERY reluctantly I offered up my credit card, as I didn't want to wait forever and a day for my replacement printer. The hold was put on my card in mid-April, and had been removed by a month later. TODAY, July 31, 2013, I check my credit card information to find that the EXACT same amount of that hold FROM BACK IN APRIL was RECHARGED to my card yesterday, and is PENDING! At NO point in time did ANYONE from Epson contact me for ANY reason or with ANY information stating that my card would be charged for a unit that they received FOUR MONTHS ago!!! So, WITHOUT ANY AUTHORIZATION from me, Epson has CHARGED my card for merchandise that broke down within less than THREE months of ownership (and that's me being VERY generous with the time frame! ), that I SHIPPED BACK to them MONTHS ago!!! And now, simply because they had my credit card information on file, Epson decides to just charge my card for a defective printer that they've already received, without a single word to me?!? I don't think so!!! I've contacted my credit card company and explained that Epson had NO authority to charge my card, and did it without my authorization. Epson never contacted me about ANY of this, and they've already received my returned printer, so they have no legal right to apply ANY charge, hold, or ANYTHING to my card!!! This is just ONE more reason why I will NEVER BUY ANOTHER PRODUCT FROM EPSON AGAIN. *UPDATE 2*So, it wasn't just my imagination. After having spoken to two different Tech Support agents at Epson: Sam, who was as rude and condescending as any Customer Service rep I've ever dealt with, and Lee, who was much more polite, but still unable to help in any way, it's been confirmed to me that this WorkForce (hah! Funny name, not-so-funny joke there, Epson! ) 2530 will NOT do ANYTHING without ALL four ink cartridges containing enough ink to be recognized as anything but empty. I've owned a lot of printers in my time. NEVER before have I owned a printer that simply WOULD NOT FUNCTION because ONE toner cartridge was empty. Every single other printer I've ever had has been able to be set, and function fully, on strictly grayscale printing, using strictly black ink. Unless I'm going to be printing large quantities of photos or something similar, I simply don't keep color toner/cartridges on-hand. Black has always been enough for me. But to encounter a printer with a name that, prior to now, had seemed as reputable as Epson's once was for me, with all these fancy-schmancy bells and whistles, and find that I can't even update the firmware, complete a reinstall, or do anything else aside from scan, simply because ONE color of toner is OUT?!? That's just unconscionably stupid to me. I'm supposed to be able to print to it from my handset wherever I am using the remote printing app, even if I'm as far away from my Virginia home as L. A. , but, wait, I can't do it because ONE color is expended?!? Stupidest… thing… EVER!!! I will never again buy an Epson printer. *UPDATE 1*Now that I've owned this Epson printer for a while now, I can sincerely say that it's just as poor a value overall as the worst printer you might've encountered. I recently plopped down fifteen bucks to replace the black toner cartridge - which gave me the bare minimum in printed documents when compared to other printers I've owned - and, now that I'm really low on color toner, it won't print ANYTHING. I've even spent the past hour now trying anything I can to default past its insistence that I refill it with Epson inks, to simply get it to print a single trifling document. It won't do it. If you've considered this printer, you've probably looked up the toner that goes with it. If you've done that, you've seen that the four cartridges of toner - black, yellow, magenta, and cyan - total almost as much as the printer ITSELF will cost you, if you get the higher capacity cartridges, which are the only ones that'll actually get you more than a piddly 50 or so printed documents. I don't know about you, but I don't consider $75 in toner for a $90 or so printer to be money well-invested, especially when that toner doesn't last anywhere near as long as it should! My printer has been insistently telling me for the last hour or so that it's out of magenta toner, and has turned itself offline, and WILL NOT PRINT, regardless of the fact that I've set my printer to print in GRAYSCALE ONLY. NOTHING that I do will prompt this thing to print, and I am simply OVER this printer now! I SO will not be recommending Epson printers to even my worst enemy at this point (well, maybe my worst enemy; watching her get confounded by this printer WOULD be pretty entertaining)! In short, when it comes to Epson, if they ALL behave like this, just say no. There has GOT to be something better, and more cost-effective, than THIS out there!!! * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *This is my first Epson printer, and it does a great job of creating high quality copies, scans, printouts, and faxes. I've owned a few printers over the course of time, and this is my second one that offers wireless printing, and an app to allow for remote printing from an equipped device. While I have yet to have a need to use either said remote printing feature, or the fax option, it's nice to have such a professional-looking printer at home that offers the options. Setup was a snap (once I realized that my Avast antivirus was disabling my WiFi setup), and customer service was very quick to respond, and quite helpful on my calls to them. I alternately own aBrother MFC-J435W Network-Ready Wireless Color All-In-One Printerthat has been great. I didn't have the difficulty setting up that Brother wirelessly that I experienced with this Epson, so I'm not quite sure why Avast would block the Epson, since it didn't block the Brother… This Epson has a smaller footprint than any other printer that I've owned, which is great for me in my home office space. The quality of print images that it puts out are better than other printers that I own and, as long as the refill cartridges are cost-effective, I'll consider this a great addition to my home office space (they're not, so it's not). It does what it's supposed to do, well, and quickly (but not inexpensively): scanning, copying, and printing is fast, easy, and, with the remote printing app, can be done from anywhere that you may need to… For the on-the-go business person that has the need to conduct business away from home, but still print there from a distance, who doesn't mind burning through money to keep the toner stocked and, consequently, the printer functioning, this Epson covers the bases, and at a price for the machine itself that's more than fair. The toner costs, and longevity, however, leave MUCH to be desired. Look elsewhere. If all Epson printers function like this one does, they're just not worth the cost, and the headaches. Brother does better, for starters… Check them out instead. Printer is COMPLETELY disabled if even ONE toner color runs out! Way to get over on your customers, Epson!!!
The copier the scanner and printer all work great. Installation was a snap. For a multi-purposed machine this product is a lot lighter than you would expect. However, when printing out high res photos they are coming out looking pixelated and muddy. Update: Nevermind what I said before, this turkey broke after the third day. It seems to grind gears and just sit there. What a shame, I have an Artisan 835 at work and it works great. I recommend that. Usually Epson doesn't disappoint so I think this product may just be a fluke, but I wouldn't buy it just in case. Broke on third day.
runs through ink quickly and requires me to problem solve something every time I want to print. Typically I just have to use the printer touchscreen to re-connect to wifi, but sometimes it takes much more. I probably spend 5 minutes of coaxing for every page I print on average and that is just unacceptable. wish I didn't have this stupid thing.
Read the one star reviews if you have Windows 7!!!! The software appears to have problems with Win 7. Epson has targeted people with no networking experience. As a result, there's no way to add a new network like you do with a router. Instead, you either enter the network settings on the panel of the printer or use their bloatware wizard ("this may take up to 5 minutes" to find your network). Unfortunately, the printer front panel does not have all the symbols that you may have used for your network key (such as the $ symbol). So you're forced to use the boated software via the computer, which failed to add my wireless network after numerous tries. Because it's a wizard, with no access to manually enter the SSID or network key initially, there's no easy way to fix it manually. You could use Wifi-Protected Setup (WPS), but if you have any networking experience, you've disabled WPS on your router due to security problems with WPS. If you have problems (when you have problems), Epson suggests you turn off all of your virus protection and firewall. Really? I wonder if Epson turns off the intrusion protection of its own servers to fix problems, like the servers that Epson uses to hold personal information of its customers. WE WERE FORCED TO CHANGE OUR NETWORK KEY TO INCLUDE ONLY THE CHARACTERS USED BY THE PRINTER, SO WE COULD INPUT THE KEY ON THE FRONT PANEL. THIS IS A SERIOUS FLAW WHEN HARDWARE LIMITATIONS REQUIRE A CHANGE IN NETWORK SECURITY. Finally, the printer was connected to the wireless network, which brought up a whole other set of issues. The drivers for the printer, scanner, and fax are not built into Windows, like every other All-in-One I've had. The Epson printer is not Plug and Play. Instead, you must use Epson's CD-ROM to install the drivers, which says it also contains Ads and Special Offers. You must install this software on EVERY computer you have, otherwise the device doesn't work. It also installed "Customer Participation" software on my computer, which from what I can assume, communicates with some third party server. I don't remember authorizing this software, as I normally opt out of all "participation" programs for security reasons. It also added Epson Connect VERSION 1 - that's right - the first version of some program, together with about 8 - 10 other pieces of software. That's what they call "bonus software" in the product description. When I attempted to use the Uninstaller provided by Epson to get rid of their bloated software, it failed. I had to manually uninstall the numerous software programs using Windows removal utility, but even then some Epson software persisted. The ONLY piece of software that worked flawlessly was the link to buy more Epson ink and supplies from Epson. After some of the above problems were resolved, the printer would work via USB cable, but not wirelessly. Out of two separate Epson WF-3540 printers and several computers (Win 7 Pro, 64-bit, SP1), not a single computer was able to print, fax, or scan wirelessly. In fact, none of the computers could detect any Epson printer wirelessly, although all other non-Epson printers were visible on the network. Lastly, not a single iOS device could connect to either printer or detect either printer, nor does anything on either of the two boxes indicate this is AirPrint Compatible. Trying to setup and use this printer reminded me of trying to set up a printer on Windows OS version 3. 1, back in the early 1990's. I have a lot of experience setting up networks and using higher end Epson printers. In my experience, this printer will frustrate you. Literally 4 hours completely wasted on two of these devices. By the way, I read another review that said they experienced a 50% hardware defect rate with the WF-3540. I had the same experience. Out of two WF-3540s, one had a bad roller. Even if I got the wireless to work, the printer would not have worked because of the roller and a bad tray. Terrible network setup with Win 7. Bloatware installs "Ads", "Special Offers" and "Customer Participation".
This printer replaced a Canon all-in-one that I loved, but is no longer available. This one prints OK but is really noisy and kind of slow. Print quality is fine, I think the ink consumption will be all right judging on what I've used so far. I haven't done any color printing to speak of so I won't comment on that. Hooking it up as a wireless network printer was simple. Scanning is very slow compared to my old Canon. The ADF works well and it does give you the option to add more pages to a PDF file. The copier works fine. It has 3 paper sources, which was a big selling point for me as I use different types of paper for various tasks and also print checks. That's about useless. You can only put one sheet of paper at a time in the rear feed, which was where I had hoped to print checks from. Half the time when I try to use it with one sheet of paper, I get a 'paper jam' error and have to go through all the rigamarole of pretending like I'm clearing a non-existent paper jam and start all over. I've folded that thing up and don't use it at all. You have 2 cassettes in the front, which each hold a ton of paper - that's a plus. It defaults to the top tray, which is the one you have to push the output tray in to access. I am forever forgetting to pull the dang thing back out so it's spitting paper all over the floor. The bottom tray works, but you have to select it every time you want to use it and it is twice as noisy as the top tray for some reason. I print some invoices on half sheets of paper. Not with this printer. It sucks them in sideways. If you attempt to use the paper alignment edges in the paper tray to feed it straight, they center up your half sheet and it only prints half of your invoice. I will have to redo those invoices to suit this printer. Not real happy with paper management. For no apparent reason, it frequently stops printing in the middle of the page, sits and thinks about it for a minute, and then spits out your half-printed page. You then have to go and cancel the document and start over. It does this to me on almost a daily basis. If that weren't irritating enough, this morning I'm printing away and it stops in the middle of the page (of a multi-page document), a pop-up comes up and asks me if I realize that I'm getting low on ink and would I like to order some. After I check the leave me the heck alone and get back to work box, it spits out the half printed page, and I have to cancel the document and start over. I am using this for a home business and I will probably use it for awhile to justify spending $150 on it, but I would never buy another Epson printer. I'm going back to Canon, I don't care how much ink I go through - time is money and it makes my dogs uncomfortable when I swear. A footnote: When looking at the 4 1/2 star rating, bear in mind that there are twice as many Vine Program reviews than there are unbiased reviews from people who actually purchased this printer. Changed my review to one star. After giving up on the wireless network, there is no improvement in printer function. I never go a day without getting an error message and having it stop in the middle of a print job, spitting out the half printed page, and requiring me to cancel the print job and start over. I have been attempting to print holiday newsletters printed on both sides with photos. I can't begin to guess how much high-end paper and ink I have wasted with this boat anchor today. It also told me I was low on ink so I thought to replace that cartridge before starting the next round of printing to avoid more mysterious errors. It refused to allow the carriage to move to the center position for cartridge access. Another reboot and more swearing. Beyond Disappointed.
It's a beautiful looking printer, the speed is fast and the color printing looks good. The software is buggy though. I wasted half a day installing and reinstalling the software to enable wireless printing. Finally I waited until Saturday and called customer support. It turned out I needed to go "Devices and Printers/Add a Printer/Add a Local Printer/Create a New Port/EpsonNet Print Port. This instruction is nowhere in literature. Now wireless printing works, but wireless scanning only works when the printer is connected to the computer by USB cable. The "Epson Connect" software for remote printing does not install. It "cannot find" the printer, despite the fact that wireless printing works. The customer service rep suggested my Avast virus-protection freeware was probably causing the problem, or my Cisco router setup. I'm no computer security expert but clearly those are last resort notions from a rep who doesn't know what he's talking about. He asked me to do an installation on another computer in the house, and when the printer again couldn't be "found" he suggested the computer, 20 feet below the router through the floor, might be too far away from the router. Again, clueless. I'm tempted to return the Epson and try a Brother, but what a hassle. 1-star until Epson debugs the software. Update October 14, 2013 - I strongly discourage anyone from buying this printer. The wireless printing issue has never resolved itself. Printing images in "standard" mode typically results in streaks across the picture, it's necessary to print in "high" mode to get a proper image. Copy settings must be endlessly fiddled with to get a 1:1 image reproduction. Today is yet another strike - I am printing an invoice from an email, and the printer prompts me to replace the cyan and magenta ink cartridges. I don't need color so I change the setting to black and white, but again am prompted to replace the color ink cartridges. I'm presented with two choices - buy Epson ink, or cancel, so I cancel and am punted back to start. That is to say, I cannot print in black and white until I replace the color ink cartridges. Now I am going to make this personal because it is deserved - It is absolutely unbelievable how a company's leadership and people can have so little pride as to put out such an incredibly poorly configured, poorly supported device such as this. My only pleasure is in this buying replacement ink cartridges from a re-manufacturer instead of Epson direct. Really a sad piece of equipment, do not buy, and I will not buy an Epson printer again. Update 12/29/13 - Starting a few weeks ago, the printer recently stopped laying down ink on the "plain paper" setting. I had to set the printer to "glossy" to lay down adequate ink. It took 4-5 minutes to make a copy on this setting. A few months ago I switched to generic ink cartridges. They were compatible until today. The printer now "Cannot recognize" the ink cartridges. No surprise, the cartridges have plenty of ink but the printer still demands I reinstall them. It's won't proceed, no longer functioning even as a copier. One of the worst purchases I've ever made. Wish I could rate it zero starts. Update 12/30/13 I just ordered theCanon PIXMA Printing Solutions MG7120 Wireless Inkjet Photo All-In-One Printer, Cloud Enabled, Blackto replace this Epson printer that has been disappointed since day 1. Looks like every multifunction printer sold on Amazon has a bunch of bad reviews, but this PIXMA seems to have the best ratio of positive to negative reviews. I will Freecycle the Epson. Update 1/3/13 - I've installed the PIXMA. Very nice looking machine, great copy and scan quality. Easy installation. The wireless connection installed perfectly. The scanning software didn't install properly until I identified a conflict with Avast! Anti-Virus. Now I'm fully installed, very relieved to be done with the Epson and with a working printer, easy to use, good output quality. buggy software, multiple installation problems, ongoing problems months later.
I own the XP-310 Epson printer, not this model. However, there is some corporate greed technology in the XP-310 that is most likely in all of their printers. I actually really liked my Epson printer until it came time to replace the ink cartridges. I always look at the replacement cartridge prices before I buy, and the Epson were cheap. However, I soon found out that the minds at Epson went to VERY great lengths to make sure you can use only genuine, way-over priced Epson cartridges in their printer. The aftermarket cartridges won&#8217;t be &#8220;recognized&#8221; by the printer, and even the empty refillable cartridges won&#8217;t work either. Don&#8217;t bother with the bottles of ink to refill your existing Epson cartridges, for that won&#8217;t work either. I could have bought 4 black and 2 each of the other colors for $14 for the aftermarket products. Instead, the cheapest I could find for the same 10 Epson cartridges cost over $80. Actually they weren&#8217;t the same, the aftermarket were the larger capacity where the Epson cartridges at $80 were the smaller ones. Maybe other or even all other printer makers do this same thing, as I don&#8217;t buy printers often. In the mean time I will have my old Canon printer repaired and use the Epson only for scanning and copying. Corporate greed technology.
You'll love this printer for the first few weeks… until you start running out of ink… and you always seem to be running out of ink. Only then will you get it. Contrary to what it may seem, ink for this printer is *not* cheap. It's a racket. There are four ink cartridges you must buy. If Magenta, Cyan or Yellow runs low, the machine will not allow you to print in black (even if black is full). That's right. That black cartridge I just bought is off limits simply because magenta is almost out. It's a racket. With average use, the black cartridge doesn't even last one month. So, it's not as cheap as it seems and it's awfully inconvenient. You're forced to have all cartridges full at all times. In other words, you'll be buying ink every single month, sometimes twice a month. I'm constantly buying ink for this thing & lifting the hood. This printer is too obtrusive for wireless connections. It has more updates and reminds me of its presence more than I care to be reminded. I'm tired of self-important software, apps, etc. I like my printer to shut the hell up until I need it. I don't need it 'updating' every week. I don't wanna be a part of a community. I miss my old HP. I never heard from it unless I was about to use it. The ink cost more, but it lasted for months. When color ran low, I could still print in black. When black ran low, I had the option of printing in blue. When I use this Epson, I feel like I'm being taken advantage of. It's also a very wasteful printer. Print heads/nozzles in Epson printers are embedded in the printer. So if you don't print everyday, the system wastes ink to unclog the nozzles for a normal printout (without white lines). HP printers have empty spaces where cartridges with built in nozzles glide in. Every time these cartridges are replaced, it's like you get a new printer. HP cartridges cost more, but you get a lot more ink in the cartridge, use less ink for maintenance, and get better printouts. Although WF-2540 has some good reviews here, I'm guessing many of those come from folks who have only had it a short time or who rarely print anything. I'm now selling mine on Craigslist & buying an HP laserjet. All-In-One laserjets cost a bit more upfront, but they're more convenient to keep inked, cost less in the long run & are cheaper to operate. I would not purchase this printer. It is a scam. Expensive To Operate, Wasteful & Inconvenient.
The only reason I gave this print one star is that there is no setting on the print window for "draft" or "economy" printing. It uses a lot of ink and there's nothing I can do about it. When I can afford it, I'm getting rid of this one and getting one that's highly-rated by consumer reports for ink usage. Update 3. 20. 13: Now the printer is mysteriously printing poorly, skipping lines, and I'm about done with it. I will probably use up the ink cartridges I have and then buy another printer. One reason for only one star:.
You will buy ink. Lots of ink. The printer is cheap but the ink will eat you alive. In fact, I am going to run out of ink and throw this thing away You Will Buy Ink Lots Of Ink Cartridges.
No idea how this is rated the best selling printer on amazon. com. I hated it. It takes a year to send the message to the printer to print the pages, and it only worked connected via USB. The printer was on the network and would not communicate with any computer in my office. Garbage. Returning it. Should have bought an HP. Mega-Crap - the wifi feature is crap and indian tech support was worse.
Ok its a descent printer. I wanted it for its air print feature so my ipad can print to it. None of the ipad apps work well so I wanted this, and it works flawlessly. I have four epson printers from this one to an artisan 710 and the Workforce series. It seems like all of them do one thing well leaving something lacking. The pain in the butt on this one is the paper feed trays are not only confusing, but are small. The printer wont print pictures to regular paper tray without some hokus pocus that I cant figure out. You must use the photo paper tray that has all these settings and guides you must align. The other epsons work easier but dont print quite as good a quality photos except the artisan is as good. The touch screen is awesome. A must have feature. No more clicking through ten menues to get to where you need to be to change a setting. One of the strangest features is extending print guide. Watch the video and you will see it. I like the printer, but it does have its flaws. I would not buy it again. It is such a departure in design and function from previous epsons. Its just odd. Update:Ink cartridges are very small. Smallest I have seen on any printer. Ran out after twenty pages. Printer shuts down and will not print after it gets a signal of low ink. I have contacted Epson about this problem they replied cartridges only intended to prime ink heads not to print. Need another set of cartridges to print , &#34;would you like to order some from me now? &#34; Uhhh NO 20 Page Ink Longevity - Called Epson Says Designed That Way, Included Cartridges For Priming Not Printing They Say.
Just an update to the review I wrote a very short time ago (at least… for a printer's lifetime). A few weeks after writing this review, black text started looking a little "off". The ink monitor showed that black was low, so I dutifully bought a new Genuine Epson cartridge. I put it in, did the magic new cartridge dance, cleaned out the print head, and… no black. "Hm. Must be Photo Black! I don't know why it's blending them, but I'll give that a shot. " So, another cartridge, another new cartridge incantation, and… no black. Thinking "Wow, what a waste of ink it would be if I kept doing these head cleanings on all five cartridges! ", I decided to take out all but Black - which caused the printer to freak out and cry about not having its whole collection. Well, on a printer that's fairly new, I'll just RMA it. Sorry, not so much with Epson. They won't just take your word for it, so there's a solid hour of time I get to spend troubleshooting with someone who thinks this is my first printer. Wonderful. And while "Epson won't print black" is an incredibly common search term that produces tons of hits, none of them go anywhere useful. Basically: everyone's Epson seems to do this, and the solution is getting Epson to replace it. Why this never happened on my Workforce 840 is probably luck, if I had to guess. But wait… my story gets better. Epson sent me a replacement. I got to trade my shiny new (albeit broken) printer for a refurbished model that was scratched everywhere, and had mysterious "splashes" all over one side. I was kind of sad that I had a printer that looked so trashed until… YAY! Epson replaced my broken printer with… ANOTHER BROKEN PRINTER! This one wouldn't even power on properly. So what did I do? Why, I called Epson! (Did I mention that it's not toll-free? I get that most people, myself included, have wireless phones or unlimited long distance these days, but still, it seemed pretty chintzy. )This time, it only took twenty minutes. I described the problem, which the first person immediately confirmed as being a hardware problem. He transferred me to someone else, who took somewhat longer to confirm that, yes, there was a hardware problem. Great! Try again, right? Mmmmm… no. For reasons that the support guy couldn't articulate, he couldn't send a replacement. Someone *might* call me in 24 - 48 hours, but if they don't, I should call back, unless I want to wait 3 - 5 business days to see if a replacement just happens to show up. (I'm not even kind of making this up. )P. S. , hope you live near a FedEx depot or Kinko's, because they're the only places you can drop off the broken printer. Lucky me, the nearest Kinko's is almost across the street from the nearest FedEx depot -- 20 miles away. And since I now have to return the first printer within 7 days to prevent a charge on my credit card, and the replacement replacement printer may or may not come, I get to go twice! Maybe I'll visit both places! ***Original Review Follows***Between my Canon Pixma MX850, MX860, andEpson WorkForce 845(not to mention several others), I've settled in to some requirements for any decent multifunction printer, and I have to say, the XP-800 has hit just about every mark:1) Hybrid supportOne of the things I've traditionally disliked about Epson multifunction printers is their penchant for leaving Mac users in the cold. Even the 845 had features that worked in Windows (e. g. "Scan to PC") but not OS X. Fortunately, Epson has come up with great Windows *and* Mac drivers -- AND they're apparently paying penance by including Google Cloud Print (so Chromebooks can print, too), e-mail-to-print, AirPrint… Seriously, hats off on this one. Everything that works in Windows 8 works in OS X, and just about every mobile device under the sun can print. 2) SizeThe XP-800 is smaller in every dimension from any other multifunction printer I've owned, yet it still manages to pack two front-loading paper trays! There's a catch, though, in that it protrudes nearly 10" when the tray comes out for printing -- and the tray never automatically retracts. It's probably the most confusing design I've ever seen on a printer. Yet, it still takes up less space than either of my Pixmas. 3) Print qualityEver since the Epson Stylus 740, there's been a certain sharpness of text / softness of color that even a casual observer could notice. "Did you print this on an Epson? " has been asked more than a few times, and I'd wager, rarely in a negative way. While the text quality on the XP-800 is more than decent, I did notice that the characteristic Epson "look" was missing for the first time since the late 90's. 4) Ink managementEpson ink seems a bit on the expensive side to me, and yet, the XP-800 cartridges are very competitively priced. Once thing I did notice though: the XP-800 is chewing through ink like crazy. Having the C/M/Y/K/PK tanks is certainly welcome, but not if very casual printing means buying a new black cartridge almost monthly. I'm not 100% certain that the ink isn't at a 50% factory fill and that the ink meters are just relative contents-to-full. So far, though, it's looking like the XP-800 might be expensive to run. All things being equal, I can't fall all over myself with praise for the XP-800, but it's definitely a competent multifunction. If you have non-Windows devices (and especially if a Chromebook is on your horizon) you owe it to yourself to have this printer on your short list. Update: Stupid Piece of Junk.
Epson replaced it with a refurbished model. I needed the printer and made an emergency purchase at a local Staples of the updated version, XP-810. It has now developed the same problem. Wish I had purchased another brand. None of the previous printers I have owned have been so unreliable. Worked great for a few months then would not print black.
I recently bought this printer to replace my hunk of junk HP only to realize after setup this is as equally a piece of junk as my HP. It does NOT play nicely with my Mac Mini running OSX 10. 8. The utilities software and the mac utilities software for scanning all render the same result, an error message stating "Scanner reported an error. " So now I am running this same exact printer on my Macbook pro with OSX 10. 8 and it is working fine. I have updated all the drivers and all the other things and the all render the same outcome. Not worth the hassle if you're a Mac owner. Does NOT play nice with Mac.
I am loving this printer. It's modern and compact. Setup was easy. I love that the wi-fi works well and it has a nice little screen so I can preview items. I haven't had problems with paper jams. I also haven't had any trouble printing on card stock. There are lots of great features and settings on this printer, making it very versatile, but also slightly complicated if you aren't used to options. I love having such a customizable printer, personally. This thing is a great printer for the price. I feel like I have a big professional machine tucked away in a little printer. It's great! 5-16-2013 UPDATE: I have been using this printer for about five months and it's non-functioning already. It won't print or make copies because the paper jams every. single. time. I can't tell you how frustrated I am with this thing. Epson emailed me and said that since there is a one year warranty, they can walk me through a diagnostic on the phone to ensure that I qualify for a replacement. Then they would ship me a new one while I ship the old one to them. I would have to give them my credit card number in case they didn't receive my old one in the mail. If that happened, they would charge me in full for the new one. Fun. 7-22-2013 UPDATE: I have reduced my rating to one star on this product. The fact that it was non-functional after five months is enough to warrant this low of a rating, in my opinion. I called customer service and due to my bad of not keeping a record of the exact date of purchase, my warranty is void. So my story ends with a printer that I really liked which is now a piece of trash. A Sleek Design with Great Features, But Doesn't Hold Up.
Update 11/5/2013: I have been using this shredder for about 6 months. No heavy use, just shredding about once a week and only about 10 pages total. I usually feed it 2-3 pages at a time. It worked fine until it didn't. One day the shredder stopped working and it has not turned on again. There is no jam, I looked. It doesn't even turn on, doesn't attempt to do anything. It is completely dead. I am very disappointed with this machine. I had high hopes for it. But, it no longer works. My Aurora Shredder has now lasted over 3 years and it was less than 20 bucks. So, save your money on Fellowes and get something else. ORIGINAL REVIEW:For about 3 years now I have had theAurora Shredder, and it has worked just fine. But, I need something a bit better now for my small business. I am keeping the Aurora for the home. I had accumulated quote a bit of things to be shredded so as soon as I got this shredder I started shredding, a lot. Safe Sense TechnologyAlthough it I would be hard pressed to fit any finger through the opening of the shredder, even baby fingers, this sensor is a nice security feature. Basically, as soon as your fingers get to the area of the feeder, the shredder stops working. I guess this might be good for men and their ties… ? 10 sheetsWell… It does shred the 10 sheets, slowly and grudgingly. I'd keep it at 6-7 to keep it working in top functioning order. FastI was happy to see that the shredder works fast and efficiently. It does cut down on shredding time. Overrall, this is a reliable shredder. It works great for the home or for a small business without a lot of paper. Lasted 6 months and stopped working.
There needs to be a place to give ZERO stars… This is the dumbest thing I've ever seen and comes all in pieces. Took 5 minutes to pump up that stupid ball inside the cheap fabric cover. Everything about it is CHEAP… No way can I sit on this thing no matter how many times you try or how many ways. It's just a stupid rubber ball inside some fabric with a base to put 4 legs on. The legs are the only good thing about it because they attach with 3 screws so they stay on solid and there are 4. I'm just going to let it sit in a room and see if the cats will play with it, if they even will. Nothing they can do except use it for a scratching post but they are declawed. I can't imagine suggesting using this thing to try to sit on for any kind of task and there is NOTHING comfortable or relaxing about it. I don't see even a child thinking this is fun. I'll let it sit for awhile just to see how long it takes for the air to escape from the ball, then I'm putting it in the burn barrel and sending it up in flames… P. S. I did sit on this thing for over 45 minutes to try to give it a shot and my lower back and my neck hurt from it as well as my buttocks. Zenergy Ball Chair.
We had a new printer and when the ink that came with it ran out we put in these cartridges and had nothing but trouble. We never did get them to work properly. Maybe it was the batch because my husband went and bought some from Office Depot and they did not work either. They had the same batch number so maybe it was a bad batch from the factory. Wasted a lot of money, actually we wasted as much money as the printer cost in the first place! Anyway we ended up with refilled ones and they work fine for our purposes. Nothing but trouble.
Epson is a very greedy company. These are the exact words they say about their ink cartridges for the XP-600 printer, and presumably all of their printers: "All ink colors are used for printing and all-in-one maintenance, and all colours have to be installed for printing. For print quality, part of the ink from the included cartridges is used for printer startup and a variable amount of ink remains in the cartridges after the "replace cartridge" signal". Really, we are all being fleeced by this company. Half of the ink is gone by the time your printer is ready to print with the standard cartridges, and the sad story is, you don't just run low on black even though you may never print anything in color because all of the colors are used, and you cannot operate the printer unless all 4 cartridges are in place. If that isn't greed, I don't know what is! I've gone through 2 black standard cartridges in a 3 month period and I never print anything in color, and always print in draft mode. You be the judge. Big Rip-Off.
They sent me wrong cartridge so I sent them back, no use keeping something you can't use sent back already wrong cartridge.
I think it was defective. The printer wouldn't recognize the cartridge. I have ordered another one. Hopefully it will work. Printer wouldn't recognize the cartridge.
I love HON products. I have their lateral file cabinet that is now 21 years old and as good as new. When I saw this chair in the Vine newsletter, I rejoiced and couldn't wait for it to arrive. Once it arrived, my joy rapidly turned to despair. All the parts were in the carton. They were wrapped well enough (though the carton itself was beginning to open at the bottom and the delivery man caught it in the nick of time). Some of the shiny metal had scratches on the paint and a dent, but all in inconspicuous places and I didn't mind. The leather smelled good. You can't see it in the picture, but there's white topstitching. There are no written instructions, just pictures on a crib sheet. The very first items to be attached are the wheels to the 5-legged spoke. I've had chairs with wheels like that before, and normally they click into place if you press hard. These wheels required active hammering with a small hammer, because you can only knock on the narrow space between the wheel shells, otherwise you might damage them. I thought of skipping the wheels, only to find that the pole which supports the seat comes through that 5-legged spoke and won't fit if the spoke is on the ground. I hammered away and eventually got all the wheels in. Attaching the up/down and tilt mechanism to the bottom of the seat went smoothly, though I found it curious that the screws were all different depths, i. e. I had to turn the Allen wrench 6 times on one, 9 times on another, etc. There are four screws and each one seemed to require differing turns. Peculiar, but not a big deal. The first surprise was that, unlike my current desk chair, the seat and back are not bolted, welded or framed together. In fact, the only way the back stays on is by a couple of screws on each armrest. A scary prospect, not made less so by the caution affixed to the bottom of the seat, warning users to check all screws and bolts every six months because injury can result if they loosen. No kidding! But realistically, who is going to inspect and tighten every screw on a chair twice a year… or ever? The second surprise, which I could not overcome, had to do with the K screws. Each armrest fastens, first to the seat, then to the back, with a J and a K (that's the company's identifier). I tried everything. The J screw worked fine on both arms. The K screw simply could not be attached on either arm. I took the arms down and saw that the K screw would attach on its own, but not through the hole in the armrest. I tried attaching the J first and K second. I tried attaching the K first and J second. I tried attaching the left arm first. Then I tried attaching the right arm first. I tried it horizontally, as shown in the pictured instructions, and vertically, by removing the seat from the pole and leaning it on its side. Without those screws, you cannot attach the backrest to the seat. Because the backrest is capable of tilting, you cannot risk attaching it using only the J screws. Result? I have a very nice, rolling ottoman in soft leather. No desk chair, with or without arms. If I had paid for the chair, I'd return it. Since I received it from the Vine program, I will cherish the rolling ottoman and regret the fact that this chair could not be assembled. The K is not OK.
My Fusion 5000L 12&#8221; laminator arrived in a well-protected box, complete with user manual and quick start guide. I first read the directions and then plugged it in and turned it on. I was impressed with how the hour glass light indicated when it was OK to run each of the different thickness ranges from 3mil to 10mil. I was then ready to begin to laminate my first item when all of a sudden it started to emit a loud beeping noise and the display started to flash a yellow line in a circular pattern for a few seconds and then changed to &#8220;E4&#8221;. After a few more seconds I started to smell a burning plastic and then the unit shut down and the display went blank. I let it sit for a few minutes and hit the start button and it started to flash then the line again and then switched to &#8220;E4&#8221;. I waited for another 15 minutes and tried it again and got the same results I looked in the user guide to see what it said and and saw no reference to E4 or any other type of error codes. Looking at the quick start guide I saw where it said at the bottom of the back page to contact customer care if E1, E2, E3, E4, E5 shows up. I called them and they said that I have to go back to Amazon to see if I can get a refund or replacement. They said that they cannot do anything for me until I have owned it for more than 30 days. I asked them what the E4 meant but they didn't explain, just repeated I should contact Amazon. Defective; Would Not Recommend.
I tried using the included CD, then also uploaded an updated driver file directly from Epson. Neither works - in fact the one on the Epson site generates an error that it is not supported by the version of Windows. Back to Amazon it goes. Obviously it works for some people, but even with my 30+ years of professional computer experience, I can't get it installed on my Dell. Will not install on Windows 7 64bit.
Note:I've just moved this printer down from five stars to one star. It was a great printer while it worked. Less than 100 pages into its print life it suddenly lost the ability to recognize that paper is loaded to print. A printer that won't load paper is about the most useless thing you can have around. The original review follows:****************************************There is a lot to like about this printer. First and most important, it is top notch at its basic job… printing in color. Using good quality glossy paper, you'll be extremely pleased with the quality and color accuracy produced by this printer. I also like the Wi-Fi network connection. That makes it simple and convenient to get everything that will talk to your router to have access to this printer. The color touch screen makes it convenient to view and print photos directly from memory cards with your photos. You get duplex printing (both sides of the paper) which is unusual for a printer at this price point. The Epson Connect service allows you to easily print from phones or tablets, which is confusing or inconvenient for many people. If you print a lot of color, you're going to spend some money on cartridges, to be sure. You'll need to keep extras on hand, as the various color cartridges will run out at different times. The complete package.
I love pilot pens and I love colored pens so I was happy to take these for review from the Vine. But they have never arrived. Since the service is part of the review process, I can only offer that I'm not impressed. If they would like to send the product, I'll be happy to use and, if appropriate, amend this review. For now… 1 star. Never arrived.
My friend bought this. it did not work well for her, she returned it. She tried her best but it had to go back Questionable.
I was a sucker for the marketing of this device in a Costco ad and bought one - only to return it after a few days of experimentation. The image capture quality was really bad, with extremely limited dynamic range, with shadow areas coming out without any detail, and with far less apparent resolution than advertised. The plus for this unit which might make it and similar models useful for some people is that it doesn't require a computer, but records directly to a SD memory card which someone could then take into a local photo center for making prints of their slides. The general advantage of the concept behind this device is that it is super fast, since it is basically taking a photo of a back-lit slide. The reality is that the backlight is poor and the camera is poor. (I found media handling awkward as well. ) But, if you just want to quick-scan your slides at e-mail quality, you might be happy enough. LED flatbed scanners have come a long way in recent years and provide instant-on results, with consistent illumination (none of the light dimming and yellowing after a few years of the old fluorescent light scanners). My frustration with the poor quality of the Wolverine converter led me to a lot of web research and theCanon CanoScan 9000F MKII Color Image Scannerwhich is double the price, but I have been very happy with the results and with the included software. (I still tend to do further work in Photoshop to get favorite slides and negatives super clean. )Since then, the Amazon Vine program sent me the very reasonably pricedEpson B11B207221 Epson Perfection V370 Color Photo Scanner (B11B207221) Scannerfor review. At the time, it was only $10 more than this Wolverine unit. The results were extremely impressive for such a low-cost flatbed scanner, not that it is without issues. (I have a review on that product page. ) I gave it 4 stars in my review there and recommend that anyone who really cares about the quality of the captured images from their slides consider it (or similar) scanners over Wolverine products. There is some color noise in deep shadow areas that is not present with the more expensive Canon unit above - but even with that, the results are far superior to the Wolverine. Terrible quality; far better options for a similar price.
=====UPDATE======12/19/13We don't use this often at all, this is for home use for one person, and we have a host of mechanical pencils, so we HARDLY EVER USE THIS THING. It's now broken. So, after sharpening probably 50 pencils, it works no more. Just a large piece of worthless plastic. Total JUNK! We're back to our old scholastic pencil sharpener that probably cost 50 cents. =====OLD REVIEW=======Pros: Sharpens a pencil BEAUTIFULLY! It's picture perfect with a true point and no straggly pieces of wood dangling. Cons: You need to use both hands to operate this thing. One hand to hold it firmly down, the other to push the pencil in. If you don't hold it down hard, it will spin over onto it's side. Also, I'm not entirely sure when it's done sharpening. Other sharpeners can make a different noise or slow the grind but I can't tell with this X-ACTO model. So, it works well, but I'm not sure I'd buy it again. UPDATE: JUNK!
Had been using this Westcott iPoint Evolution Electric Pencil Sharpener - which worked, but didn't get my pencils "Samurai Sword Sharp", as I like them. Westcott iPoint Evolution Electric Pencil Sharpener, BlackI also have a manual Bostitch "old school " style sharpener. Which though old fashioned actually works better for me then these crazy, pencil hungry machines. Stanley Bostitch All Metal Antimicrobial 8-hole Manual Pencil Sharpener With Dual Cutters, Black (MPS1-BLK)So, the review… got my box in the mail tried out one pencil - IT GOT STUCK IN THE MACHINE! Yes the pencil was a shorty but I thought I could just give the sharpener a "love tap". Uh-uh, there is a spring tensioning device in the X-Acto sharpener which locks away your pencil (part of the automatic stoppage feature I gather? ). It was getting to be 10 PM and I didn't feel like trying to take apart a brand new machine. Of course I ended up doing just that… completely inaccessible screws - after 40 minutes I did get my pencil out. Roughly tried another pencil and I believe the machine is already broken. I think this will be going out in tomorrow's trash… which makes me feel as if I did something wrong. My advice:1. Only get this X-Acto sharpener if you are prepared to throw your pencil away at say the 4" mark (which IMO is a total waste). 2. Don't be ashamed with the manual, handle cranked pencil sharpeners many of us out there used in school. Due to it having a simple mechanism , a jam or the need to clean or oil the blade is MUCH easier than any electric I have used this far. You the consumer must ask yourself "This guy seems like an idiot! ", or heed my warning about NOT trying to sharpen 4" pencils - which I'm sorry… but I feel they have plenty of life left in them. The X-Acto Ate My Pencil And Died.
I bought the HD2 handset on Dec. 5, 2013. My wife was in the middle of a long distance call to her brother when the handset failed. Just turned itself off and would not come on again. Figures, 37 days after purchase. Fails after 30 days.
We were hoping that this printer could replace our aging HP Laserjet 2100 and help us move to a paperless home office for all our Macs. Bottom line: no go. (For comparison, the LaserJet 2100 is decade+ old technology, but extremely reliable, and needs new toner only every couple of years or so. )Installation:- I have the latest version of Mac OS X, 10. 8. 3 and the latest driver download from Epson crashes when running it: can't install. I was able to instal the software over the network from another computer which has a DVD drive. Controls and Display:- The controls are easy to use and well labeled, but the display is incredibly low contrast. Direct light from in front of the printer is needed to read the LCD. It's not usable in the place we'd prepared for it in our home office. The most mysterious light on the front display is labeled "ADF", but it's not described on p. 1, "Using the Control Panel". Scanning:- Scanning over the network (tested with wired ethernet) works, but the software crashes frequently. - Scanning by initiating from the printer, doesn't work for us: the printer gets hung up in some kind of "processing" state; "Busy, try again later". Rebooting the printer doesn't help. "Test Settings" button causes the app to crash. OCR (Optical Character Recognition):This is a very cool feature to have in a scanner. In theory, what you get isn't just an image of your document, but instead an actual word doc with text you can search. - It isn't part of the printer: rather, it's separately included software and an extra step must be performed if wanted. Unfortunately, the software doesn't hook directly into the scanning software: it will only "Get Images From:" a file. And worse, the Mac version does not convert into "searchable PDF", just a PDF with a big image in it instead of text. So it's pretty much useless. Printing:- Printing in draft mode is fast, and pPrinting in the highest quality mode is half the speed of our old HP LJ 2100. - The printed output is low quality: characters aren't as smooth as the Laserjet. - Also, fonts aren't correct, to my eyes: Helvetica 10/12 is much too heavy. - The printer makes a high pitched squeal after every print job. Economy:A big selling point is that the printer is cheaper to run than a Laser. It would take months to compare, but we can look at the performance claimed by the manufacturers:- Epson WF-M1560* 223XL Black* $47. 99 at epson. com. * 2400 pages* Cost per 1 ream (500 pages): $10. 00. - HP Laserjet 2100* Our decade+ old, but very reliable laser printer which needs new toner every couple of years. * HP 96A toner cartridge* $128. 99 at hp. com. * 5000 pages* Cost per 1 ream (500 pages): $12. 90. Bottom Line:- It's no good for replacing an old HP Laserjet nor to make a Mac-based home office paperless, because OCR doesn't work properly. - Scanning is a pain: only works reliably by initiating the scan from the computer. - Printing quality is too low quality and too incorrect to use for professional documents. No Good (for Mac).
I was excited to try out this printer, as I have owned other Epson printers and LOVED them. I currently own an Epson Artisan 837 that I use for my color printing needs, but was needing something that just printed in black and white since I print so much, and the black ink in my Artisan runs out fairly quickly. Unfortunately, despite our best efforts and hours of time, my husband and I have been unable to even get this printer set up with our computer! Now we are not computer programmers by any means, but I consider us both fairly computer-savvy. I have set up our other Epson printers on my own very easily - this one is being very, very difficult. One super annoying thing is that the printer comes with no cable to hook it up to the computer for set-up. So basically if for any reason your wireless connection is unreliable or the wireless set-up doesn't work, you need to either 1) go purchase a USB printer cable, or (in our case) 2) search through your storage for an appropriate cable. We have tried over and over to set-up the printer, both wirelessly and using the cable, and have had no success. The computer recognizes the printer initially when we plug it in, but will not install it, and apparently the driver will not install either. Also, when we tried to set this printer up it completely messed up my Epson Artisan, and my computer now has difficulty printing on that printer as well! I am super bugged. I still would love to get this printer to work, and will definitely update my review when/if we have success, but for now know that set-up of this printer is not as simple as it looks. Super frustrated.
I have had several electric pencil sharpeners before this one. I used this sharpener for my kids' pencils for back-to-school for my torture test. I do not recommend this sharpener for the following reasons:1. The sensing technology does not alert me when the pencil is sharpened so if I don't pull it out to check, the sharpener will keep on sharpening until I pull it out. Maybe I got a lemon but there is no sensing technology like the one in my well-used Panasonic sharpener. 2. The gray cage surrounding the blades trap the shavings and they are very difficult to remove without inserting a paper clip to loosen the shavings. I never needed to do that with my other sharpeners. 3. The product description is incorrect. The sharpener can only sharpen regular size pencils not wide diameter ones. It is also built for moderate use not for heavy use. These factors are deal breakers for me so I do not recommend this product. Not recommended.
When I set this sharpener on the desk and put a pencil in it , as soon as the sharpener touches the blade holder it starts to rotate. You need to hold the sharpener with one hand while inserting the pencil with the other. Most of the time the sharpening blades shave away the pencil wood to a point without any pencil lead showing. Maybe one in 5 tries will leave less than 1/64" of lead showing. It's not enough for more than one or two uses. Putting pressure on the pencil doesn't work. This only gets the pencil stuck in the sharpener. There is no on off switch. Opening the battery compartment is the only way to remove the pencil. Westcott should have spent a little effort designing an efficient sharpener mechanism and less time designing a paperweight.. doesn't work.
Strange - the pencil sharpener arrived with the sharpening part missing! I hadn't opened the shavings reservoir, only the battery door, so I'm sure it could not have fallen out accidentally, also since this came in a bubble clam pack, it was clear that it wasn't something that came separately for installation. Very disappointed D. O. A. - very disappointing!
As others who gave a 1* rating, I would have given it a minus if possible! Ordered printer 0n 2 June, having had older Pixma which gave Trojan serice. It was delivered approximately 10 days later (this before I had Prime). Printer struck me as being extraordinarily flimsy, the plastic parts noisy when functioning; loud; forever to print; and, an ink gobbler! In early June 14, it went belly up. I tried all the self-help fixes I could find. No lock! On 12 June 14, I called Canon help desk (the date is important, in my opinion the printer still under its warranty). They sent a new printer head which did nothing. I then asked for a replacement, never hearing again from them! I will contact Amazon w/ this shameful behavior by one of their suppliers! And, LOOK ELSEWHERE THAN CANON FOR ANY ELECTRONC NEEDS!
Software:There are two pieces of software that come with this craptastic scanner. My Image Garden which supposedly organizes your photos (whether you opt into it or not) and the scanning software. The scanning software is horrible. The default is autocropping and after two hours I could not shut it off no matter how many times I changed the options. There are few options and most of my photo (the bottom half and the right half inch) were completely cropped off of every photo. The image was not that great and I selected the highest resolution possible. My Image Garden, although I selected to NOT organize my photos, grabbed them and brought them in anyway which was really annoying. Another problem with the software is that it scans document pages separately and doesn't combine them into one PDF, you get several. If I had spent another two hours I might have found a solution in the truly awful manual, but since it was obviously translated from another language and I had already wasted two hours sifting through it to try and shut off autocrop, I didn't bother. Scanner:The scanning bed is just barely 8. 5 inches wide. If you have an image that is 8. 6 inches wide it will get cut off. Actually, it autocropped most of my image off anyway and it was well within the 8. 5 inches. The attachments for the negatives are really cheesy. They're too bulky for the lid and stick out enough to make scans arduous. I had an older negative scanner and it laid flush with the negative attachment inside. Color and Depth:With an image scanner, but especially negative scanners, there's usually a color and depth problem. The color can sometimes be corrected with Adobe Photoshop or Photoshop Elements, but the depth can't be. This one has the depth problem. Scanned images look very 2D not 3D. It's hard to explain but when you see a great scan and a poor one, you know the difference. This one is poor. There aren't enough adjustments in the software to make up for the poor quality scans. Crappy software and horrible scanner.
I've had it for about 3 weeks and was liking it in spite of the lack of editing software and a few minor glitches that I could live with. Then I discovered a glitch that I couldn't live with. I routinely scan documents and save them as JPGs so I can adjust the documents when necessary. I was scanning a bunch of stuff that had very faint text. When that happens I click on auto correct (in Microsoft Office Picture Manager) and it darkens the text just like on my 8800F that I was replacing. Unfortunately, with the 9000F Mark II, the auto correct doesn't save the change. Here's the kicker. The 8800F saves the change, the 9000F Mark II doesn't. I even went back to documents that I had scanned previously with the 8800F, clicked on auto correct, saved the change properly. So, documents scanned with the old 8800F can be auto corrected and the changes saved. Documents scanned with the new 9000F Mark II cannot be auto corrected. Canon tech support was clueless and blamed it on Microsoft Office Picture Manager. It's going back.
My original review:This is quiet, whisper quiet, like no other sharpener I've experienced. It is "heavy duty" in the sense that unlike other sharpeners, the motor doesn't strain to sharpen a new pencil. It has dual, counter-balanced blades, so as long as the motor works it should sharpen pencils perfectly sharp forever. That's in contrast to some sharpeners that use a single blade and a spring mechanism that wears out. My updated review:I threw out the original box yesterday; it suddenly started making a screaming noise today. I guess I'm out the $50 for this expensive piece of junk. Started Making Loud Noises.
I was very excited about how solidly made this sharpener seemed; it looked like something that would last a long time. It worked great for the first pencil but died as soon as I stuck in the second. I tried several outlets, shaking the sharpener out, re-attaching the shavings container, but alas it was dead as a doornail. Lemon?
Based on the description, I thought this tape was for security -- the type that when lifted up off its sealed surface, left behind part of the printing and in doing so, provided clear evidence of tampering. Rather, the tape is simply communicating a public service message to check the seal before accepting the package. The tape has a double whammy. It is too thin to safely use for shipping, so it is not the best choice for packing tape, and further, it does not do the job suggested by its stated message. Since it is easy to lift the tape up and put it back down without it being evident, a package recipient may glance at the tape see nothing obvious, assume no tampering and accept the shipment. The product, at best, accomplishes little, and at worst is counter-productive. Misleading and pointless. Causes more harm than good.
I do mail order for a living so I go through quite a bit of shipping tape. As the the USPS loves to break stuff, it always looks good to our customers to have the word "Fragile" printed as many times & in as many places as possible. That said, this tape is an utter waste of money. It is thinner than the old priority mail tape that the USPS used to give away for free. I was told by the USPS that it was discontinued because it was so thin packages weren't staying sealed. Compared to my regular shipping tape, in the smallest quantity (& highest price) I can buy that tape, the scotch is $6 more per roll & is slightly smaller (less tape) than my usual rolls. These days with Internet postage it's much cheaper to just print the word "fragile" on the shipping label, or even buy some cheap labels that say fragile. Very disappointing quality. Don't Waste Your Money.
This is not a good product. The first thing I read in the user's manual was the indoor/outdoor cameras were not weatherproof. I did not see this information in any of the information on their product page. They were weather-resistant. You can not place them outside in direct rain. What good is a home security system that cannot be used inside and outside? I decided I would try to use them in protected areas so I would move forward. Then more fun happened. I paired the 3rd & 4th camera to the receiver pretty easily. Checked out the system and it looked pretty good. Then I turned the system off and moved the cameras around the house to see how it looked. When I turned the system back on it didn't work. The receiver had locked up with a black screen and the menu touch key would not work. Nothing worked it was locked up. The manual said they had 24/7 tech support. I called the Lorex tech support number and got a recorded message - they work Monday thru Friday 8 to 8 Eastern time. Unfortunately it was Friday evening just after 8pm eastern - actually 6pm where I live. Tried their e-mail same run around. Fill out a ticket and we will get back to you. NO TECH SUPPORT! I packed this up and sent it back - thank you Amazon for this service. I will continue to research home security systems, but I will stay away from Lorex. With no tech support, I don't care if they have the best product in the world - they are not customer oriented. Waste of Money - Glad Amazon is on my side!
First I did not receive the product. It was two day past the due date to be received. I gave them one star. They would not send product until I took off negative feedback. I refused as I felt it was not fair to take off feedback as I paid for product and did not receive. Estimate arrival time was 9/20-9/25. 9/27 was when the negative feedback was sent. We went back and forth via e-mail as I would not back down. I got Amazon involved. They were helpful and turned it into there investigative team. Cartridgeworld Still refused to send the product until I took down negative feedback. There excuse was it got lost in the mail. USPS. I sent a complaint to the USPS and found out the tracking number Cartridgeworld gave was invalid. Amazon told me they probably made the label which would start the tracking number but never sent the product. I seen a number of reviews where they used the same excuse it got lost in the mail. I ordered the product 9/16. I finally gave in and took down the negative feedback and sent another e-mail to them letting them know. It's 10/11 today and did receive the product. These cartridges are the same as other vendors sell. I will never order from CartridgeWorld again. I have never in my life had such bad service. There rating is high as they make people take off any negative feedback. I think they hope you give up. I would not. Take my advice got thru another vendor. Very disappointed. Feel Amazon should drop them as a vendor. All is document in email. From my messages to Cartridgeworld to Amazon to the USPS. If I could give them no star I would. Had to fight tooth and nail to get product.
My work force 2540 printer recognized them as an off brank and would not work in my printer. In fact, they almost screwed up my printer and I had a devil of a time getting the generic remanufactured ink cartridge out of the printer. It has been my experience that these replacement cartridges are cheaper, but you run a big risk of damage to your printer. In addition that the photo prints may be viewable, but not sharp and clear. The cartridges cost like the devil, but if you want a good print job stay with the brand. Apparently the manufacturers have designed their products so we can't save a lot of money. They give us the printer with a reasonable cost; then make up for it on the ink. Do not use remanufactured ink cartridges.
After receiving this, I downloaded the app to both my cell phone and iPad. When I tried it with my cell phone, the app did not save the picture. I was able to save it on my iPad, but it was very sketchy. When I simply took a picture with my camera, it came out much clearer. I really can't figure out why this is better than simply taking a picture on any piece of paper and saving it, especially since a straight photo is much clearer. No real advantage to this. Better to just take a picture!
A couple of Christmases ago my daughters all got together and bought me one big present - a 64 Gig IPad and I must say, it is probably the single best present I've ever received. They were nervous, weren't too sure I would like it. I figure I wouldn't mind having it grafted to my arm. Where I go, the iPad goes - and it has my life on there - my bank accounts, the pictures of my grandchildren, close to 10,000 books, all of my knitting patterns, my recipe database, all of my contacts and phone numbers, a half-dozen favorite movies, games, netflix, all of my magazine subscriptions and much, much more. So, if there is a new gizmo for my iPad, then I want to take a look. I can only shake my head at thisAmpad Shot Note Writing Pad, 5 x 8 Inches, Wide Ruled , 40 Sheets (20-110)though. Why bother? Notepad & Sticky Note are fantastic for taking notes, if I want to doodle I have a drawing app and there are a gazillion more apps if I don't happen to have exactly the right one. The entire point of an iPad is to go PAPERLESS, not to take pictures of the paper that you doodled on. Further, I can see very little difference between this and an ordinary 5 x 8 Junior Legal Pad, which come 50 sheets to a pad at far less cost. The sole difference are the little marks in the corner. Grandma's $0. 02 - Why bother? Expensive and totally unnecessary! Two thumbs down. Ummm - NO! Why Bother?
I already use Scan to PDF and Evernote, both free apps that do what this does, but much better. The pad is just a pad of paper with guides for picture-taking. Anyone who uses their phone as a camera should know how to take photos without these guides. The pad is also expensive. You could buy a note-sized pad of paper for a fraction of the cost. First you have to download the free app Shot Note. Then you take photos of your notes in the app, BUT I wrote about a 10 line note, and it had a hard time processing that much writing. Once you take the photo it goes into shot note. You can import automatically into Evernote or Dropbox by going to the app's settings and giving it your passwords for the other apps. When I opened up the note in Evernote, it was not clear even though I wrote with a ballpoint (something I rarely use). From that point since it is an image, all you have is the record of the note. It did not open on my iPhone. I guess the note had too much information on it for the small screen. Seems like a lot of work and very useless. A better way for me is to scan my notes into Scan to PDF. With Scan to PDF I can also take multiple photos and make into one PDF. This takes a photo but saves as a PDF. This way I can make comments and use it in more beneficial ways. I can also bring these PDFs into Evernote if I want. I can copy and paste into Evernote too so I can alter the PDF in its Evernote form. This is good when I have To Do lists. Evernote is a very good notes app-the best out there. Shot Note is redundant and not as effective. Don't waste your money. Better Note Taking Apps Out There.
This little pad of paper, which features lines and registration marks, is supposed to help you digitize your notes and doodles when you download the free Ampad Shot Note app to your phone or tablet. You take your notes, then you take a picture of your notes and the app saves the picture. You can import it into Evernote or just share it as is with other via email or twitter. The thing is, with the free app Scan to PDF, you can do all that without the $5 pad of paper. Plus, if it's doodles you want to save, the lines on this paper screw up the drawing. The pad has 40 sheets of paper that are very thin and bleed through to the next page with almost every pen I tried. Sorry, I just don't see much use for this. I don't see much use for this.
Good size printer but it was hard to install more than one hour my previous printer was easier to install, this printer is noisy, and the paper output tray doesn't hold the sheets so you will have to pick them up from the floor. The ink cartridge has a poor life I only print 100 sheets and the ink will be over soon, and if you finish one cartridge the color or the black you can print, you need to have the two, in my old printer you can only print with black or color you don't need two and the life of the ink cartridges is better so I will go back to my old printerEpson WorkForce WF-3540 Wireless All-in-One Color Inkjet Printer, Copier, Scanner, 2-Sided Duplex, ADF, Fax. Prints from Tablet/Smartphone. AirPrint Compatible (C11CC31201)still the best printer I'll ever have. Not the best choice.
I had an older Pixma that died. No major complaints, so I thought I'd stick with the brand and take the opportunity to go wireless. I like the wireless life, but wow, this is not the wireless printer I'd recommend. Know up front that I didn't check the size and should have--this thing should have it's own zip code. Whatever happened to technology getting smaller? It also takes forever and a day to do anything: print, copy, scan. You better have some vacation time if you're working with more than one page. I also love that this printer uses entirely different cartridges than my earlier Pixma. Enchanting to have a bunch of cartridges on hand that I now can't use--really customer-oriented product development. Please learn from my experience and check out printers at a brick-and-mortar box store BEFORE buying. You'll want to get a good sense of size, features and (needless) complexity. UPDATE: After a year with this piece of garbage, it finally gave up the ghost. This was the worst home office purchase I have ever made. I'd strongly suggest that you save yourself a lot of frustration and look for another all-in-one, and another company besides Canon. Prepare for a Pain in the A**.
Setup was a nightmare. The quick start directions were very limited. After about 2 hours I was able to get it working wirelessly to my desktop, but no such luck printing from my laptop or iPhone. After several emails to Canon, it was determined I would have to allow several ports on my anti virus program… well I use Windows Defender/Windows 8, and it doesn't have any options for that. Also, the printer is VERY noisy. Sometimes sounding like a machine gun and when the paper output tray opens it makes a lot of clanking noises. It also has two lower cassettes and the one that holds regular size paper is on the very bottom. Unless you have tiny fingers you will have a hard time accessing it unless you position the printer forward enough so it overhangs whatever it is sitting on. I'll be taking this to Goodwill for the write off. On a side note, I reconnected my MX 870 and it is a dream machine. It's quiet and easily (well maybe not so easy) connected to my laptop. Taking the MX922 to Goodwill.
From the moment I turned it on, it sounded like it was dying, then it pretty much died. Didn't do much printing at all, but of course the larger of the 2 black cartridges showed EMPTY, then it stopped entirely. The other black cartridge was full. What is it for? Extremely heavy. I nearly broke my back lifting it. DOES NOT COME WITH USB CABLE AND DOESN'T WORK WIRELESS! I bought it because if is featured to print on DVDs and CD disks. It doesn't. Nearly broke my back returning it after 5 frustrating days. SOUNDED LIKE IT WAS DYING THEN IT DIED.
This has been one of the most frustrating printing experiences I have had- since getting rid of my HP. Don't be fooled by the hefty weight of this printer, it is made of an almost toy like cheap plastic, and I swear had I used this for more than the two weeks I had it, the cassette trays would have broken apart. I purchased this for the use of printing greeting cards (my mistake I suppose ) as a hold over till I get a pro grade printer. But having read reviews I thought I would have been fine. This printer eats card stock for breakfast. Fine I used a lighter weight paper- still not happy and unless you use a regular letter size paper you are in for all kinds of trouble- streaking, crunching of paper, and mis alignment. Not to mention this thing guzzles ink. I may have printed about 10 or so 5 by 7s and there's only about 25% ink left. Having gone through many frustrations I first contacted Canon, who wasted an hour of my time going back and forth trying senseless things before ultimately telling me that only the upper tray can take gloss coated paper no the bottom. (Even though I had previously printed gloss coated thing from the bottom just fine). This printer is not consistent but always moody. When it's in a good mood you will get amazing quality printouts of photos especially. But it's up to you if you want to deal with the 80% frustration vs 20% satisfaction! and lack of help from Canon whatsoever. Thankfully the folks at amazon heard my frustration and took this monster back, no questions asked. That is the only happy ending to this nightmare of a story. Useless printer.
My kids were quite excited when they saw these pens. They immediately tore the two bags containing the pens open and did a tremendous job putting them in order by color in the provided stand. The pen set is still a staple in their arts and crafts sessions. I grabbed a few pens and began writing with them. I found the pens to write quite nicely. It took very little of anything to "start" the pen and get the ink flowing. The ink had a slight bit of smearing if rubbed immediately, but the ink dried sufficiently in about 10 seconds to prevent smudging. The colors are vibrant and attractive. The stand that comes with the pens is a cheaper feeling plastic stand. While it is nothing extravagant, it is sturdy. After several days, one of the orange pens decided to spring a leak and all the ink ran out of the non-writing end of the pen. One thing that I will say about the stand is that it did contain all the ink and prevented it from leaking all over the table. The rest of the pens have stayed intact. If I did not have the orange pen leak and make a mess, I would have said that this was a solid 4 star set. Despite the set not being 68 separate colors, it is a decent set that provided my children with hours of entertainment. Even though I deducted a star due to one of the pens leaking on day 2, I would still recommend the set for the young budding artist in your life or anyone who needs a good writing pen set in a variety of colors. UPDATE #1: After a few months, pen #2 decided to leak out all of its ink. At this point, I am beginning to question the quality of the product. As I have had two pens leak all their ink out, I am deducting another star. All I can say is that I am glad the pen was in the holder and the holder does do a good job containing the ink and creating a much larger mess. Update #2: It has been about 4 or 5 months since the pens were received and started being used. Since then, I have thrown away about 10 pens because they leaked. The pens are stored in the holder and are in the house, so it is not like they are getting overheated or frozen and thawed again. After using this product for awhile, personally I would recommend staying away from this pen set unless you want to be constantly checking for broken pens and cleaning up ink. Great Fun For The Kids But Leak After A Short Time.
If this board were being sold at a rock-bottom price I might recommend it for someone who wants something extremely cheap but functional. However, at the time I requested this item, it was selling for about 35 dollars here on Amazon. At that price, you'd expect something of much better quality. When the board was delivered to my home, one of the plastic corners had already broken off, and there was a big dent in the board. You can't just pop the corners back on. They are attached with tiny, flimsy plastic pegs that break off when you're not looking. I had set the board in a spot where I could test it out for purposes of review. No one else went in that room. A few hours later, I discovered that another one of the plastic corners had fallen off, without anyone even having touched the board! The back of the board is just cheap cardboard, which is nice if you want a lightweight board, but doesn't provide much longevity. The pen that comes with it is a nice concept. It has a magnet to attach it to the board, and a little eraser on the end, which I love. However, the magnet is not strong enough to keep the pen stuck to the board, and most of the ink in the pen had already dried out before I got a chance to use it even once. I do not want to drill holes in my wall to hang something so poorly made, and it looks tacky with the two corner pieces missing. It will probably end up in the dumpster before too long. Flimsy. Started Falling Apart Before It Arrived.
This product jammed up on us within 3 pencils. We allowed it to cool down and it started working again. It seems to break the tip off continuously, because you have to keep trying over and over as it eats your pencil away. When you empty the bin, pencil shavings fall out on your desk no matter how carefully you do it. And now, a few weeks in, it has completely stopped working. I'd rather use a butter knife to sharpen my pencils.
ease of install (3/5) other brother products are better, this one requires flash and java plus it tries to install bloatware/trialwarecould not use once set up, kept getting dirty toner error (had to swipe the green thing a dozen times to make the error message go a away, a new machine should not be dirty! )functionality (1/5) can not print black and white with just black toner, must have other toners, when printing a color picture in black and white it does not come out black and white, it comes out with color ghosting effects(the reason it has 1/5 instead of 0/5 is that it prints in color just fine)not straight feed, paper is bent several times (does not take different thickness paper well as a result)heavy bulky (might as well get a color laser MFC)unlike other brother printers, this one does not have easy troubleshoot for error messages (poor user interface)lack of a master power switch in the back(other brother printers have it)refill toner (1/5) replacement toner is ridiculously expensive for only 2,500 pages, higher yield toners for other brother printers are much cheaper, refill kit is not ideal, involves drilling hole in cartridge… Cons: first use produces burning plastic/rubber smellis brother brand but does not match brother qualityPros: cheap color laser duplex printer requires all toners to print, can not print with just black toner.
I oftentimes work on my laptop in the middle of the night and I know it's not a good idea to rest it on a bed. So I was hoping this device would make it less likely for my laptop to overheat. And it would have. But, I don't like the angles I have to use to be able to take advantage of this lift. Perhaps my husband will get better use out of it for his ipad. We'll see. I Wish I Could Make Adjustments To The Angle of The Lift.
I own the XP-310 Epson printer, not this model. However, there is some corporate greed technology in the XP-310 that is most likely in all of their printers. I actually really liked my Epson printer until it came time to replace the ink cartridges. I always look at the replacement cartridge prices before I buy, and the Epson were cheap. However, I soon found out that the minds at Epson went to VERY great lengths to make sure you can use only genuine, way-over priced Epson cartridges in their printer. The aftermarket cartridges won&#8217;t be &#8220;recognized&#8221; by the printer, and even the empty refillable cartridges won&#8217;t work either. Don&#8217;t bother with the bottles of ink to refill your existing Epson cartridges, for that won&#8217;t work either. I could have bought 4 black and 2 each of the other colors for $14 for the aftermarket products. Instead, the cheapest I could find for the same 10 Epson cartridges cost over $80. Actually they weren&#8217;t the same, the aftermarket were the larger capacity where the Epson cartridges at $80 were the smaller ones. Maybe other or even all other printer makers do this same thing, as I don&#8217;t buy printers often. In the mean time I will have my old Canon printer repaired and use the Epson only for scanning and copying. corporate greed technology.
I suppose having a pre-K teacher and two sons (ages 11 and 9) makes our household a perfect laboratory for reviewing pencil sharpeners. I once joked that our family uses so many pencils that we plant seedlings to ease our guilt. This is our third or, maybe fourth, pencil sharpener review for Amazon. What makes theAcme Westcott iPoint USB Pencil Sharpenerunique is that it can be powered either by batteries (4 AA) or USB cable. What makes the Acme Westcott iPoint USB Pencil Sharpener frustrating is that it lacks the motor and blades -- the heft -- for anything but casual use. I opened a package of pencils and sharpened each one. The sharpener handled the first four with a steady but slow grind. Sharpening the rest was a catchy, chuck-and-pluck effort. I tried to think of a situation where I needed a portable sharpener, powered by either batteries or a USB cable. Maybe, it is designed for business travelers. Sure, but I'd carry a pack of pre-sharpened pencils in my briefcase. Maybe, it is designed for an office worker who doesn't have a nearby outlet. Sure, but that's all the more reason to occasionally get up from the desk and stretch your legs. Honestly, I don't want pencil shavings and dust anywhere near my keyboard and computer. I recommend two other pencil sharpeners, both of which can handle six different pencil sizes and provide shaving receptacles. 5 stars:X-ACTO SharpX Principal Electric Pencil Sharpener-- a 550cc blade motor in a 1. 5-pound sharpener (8. 8 x 6. 1 x 8. 8 inches; and 4 stars:Stanley Bostitch QuietSharp6-- one pound (10. 6 x 6. 1 x 9 inches). For classroom use, I rated the SharpX Principal one star higher than the QuietSharp6. There's a rush to design USB connections to a lot of products. Some work (I've got a nifty USB powered fan) and some don't (the coffee warmer never got hot enough). The Acme Westcott iPoint USB Pencil Sharpener falls into the latter category. I would much rather plug a pencil sharpener into an electric outlet than use AA batteries and a USB cable. Rating: One star Catchy, chuck-and-pluck effort isn't worth it.
I tried my pencil sharpener with the included USB cord and also with 4 x AA batteries. It did nothing. It seems pretty cheaply constructed and the cord is supposed to be retractable, but that doesn't work either. It is also too big to be conveniently portable. DOA.
I admit I like the design of the Acme Westcott iPoint USB Pencil Sharpener, and the fact that it runs on a USB port as well as batteries made it seem like a good idea. Unfortunately, I must not have received the same product as many of the other reviewers on this page, since I sharpened three pencils before I heard a rather devastating &#34;click&#34;&#8230;and now it won't sharpen a thing. I cleaned out the blade because while the unit still turns, it's obvious something is keeping it from accomplishing the job, and while I cannot visibly see anything, it still will not sharpen a pencil. The pencil's end remains dull and rounded as the unit spins, even with slight pressure. I admit that I could not remove the blade from the unit because the plastic cup which it resides in makes it almost impossible to do so without unscrewing the whole unit (if it's even possible). So while it looks nice, it certainly does not do the job, and I am highly disappointed with this product. Sharpened Three Pencils and Then.
The issue with a gimmick is that it had better work, or else you're going to end up with a very frustrated user. I have this in the 1 inch and 2 inch size, so that I know it's not user error. Even it if IS user error, that's bad design. But it's not. The &#34;one touch&#34; opening dealie doesn't work. When the gimmick that's supposed to make the product makes the product outright unusable, the whole thing is an utter waste. For the price, I'm even more furious. The material feels really cheap and flimsy. Seeing as how I can't even get the thing to work, I can't give it any points at all. Gimmicky and cheap.
This binder has a little integrity in its construction. It does not have nearly the number of bubbles and dents in it that the 1 inch binder does. It does have a clear pocket on the outside so you can drop a sheet of paper in. However, the folders inside are positively useless. While they may hold a couple of pages to start out with, they are not strong enough to have any lasting effect. This binder has the easy to open hinge on the bottom. I also like how rings are shaped to let pages stay flat. I'm not sure what they mean by 5 year guarantee. I don't think it is very likely that someone would go to the trouble to return one to the manufacturer. I personally, would just throw it out when it became compromised. It's super easy to go to staples and get a six-pack of better binders for the price of this one. Flimsy and compromised.
I picked up this binder because it was a heavy duty binder and needed one to store several hundred pages of notes and tests for a class that I teach. Overall the binder seems to be well constructed, the rings are sturdy, and the outside of the binder seems to be in good condition. However, this binder broke within a week of use. The plastic tab at the bottom of the binder that is used to open and close the rings broke after a week of use. Once that was broken it was impossible to open and close the rings of the binder (basically making it useless). I had to pry open the rings to remove all of the pages from the binder. The rest of the binder seems to be made very well, however the plastic tab at the bottom is extremely flimsy, and if this part goes the entire binder is basically useless. Broke after a week of use.
I received this binder today and was not impressed. It is a pretty color but the cover has wrinkles and it is flimsy compared to what I expected. I don't think this binder is any better than the $1 one I got at the store. I don't recommend wasting your money or time ordering it online when you can get the same thing, probably better at the store. It doesn't have a clear sleeve on the front for a photo which I didn't expect but you can get a better one that does. This was just a disappointment for me. Not Impressed.
I can't seem to find any real use for this product. First of all, the "pockets" are tiny and serve no other purpose than holding the dry erase cards. It would have been nice if each "pocket" would have been capable of holding supplies applicable to the task. Even the mesh pocket is anything but generous for storage. The product photo highlights the grommets and shows the scheduler hanging from two Command hooks. But… beware… no hooks are included. You need need to buy them separately. For the $10 price tag, I definitely expected the scheduler to include the hooks. I am also uncertain why Mead chose teal for the color scheme of their classroom organizers. The color doesn't really coordinate with anything. The Mead Classroom Wall Scheduler is not at all what I expected. I haven't found any incredibly useful purpose for the product, and I believe it to be grossly overpriced. FAIRLY WORTHLESS.
There is a locker room in my office building. They are half lockers and I am currently using two I order to house all my workout equipment. The Five Star Stackable Locker Shelf seemed like the perfect solution to allow me to condense into a single locker. Where I went wrong was assuming lockers are all a standard width or the shelf would adjust--neither is true. So, please measure the width of the intended locker before purchasing this shelf. If the shelf and locker are not exactly the right size the shelf is useless. If the locker is even a half inch smaller, it doesn't fit in. If it is a half inch larger, the shelf isn't stable. You see the top doesn't lock on to the legs, so they slant and fall out from under the shelf if the sides of the locker aren't there to support them. Good idea. Bad design. Make sure you measure your locker first--it has to be an exact fit.
I was all ready to like this. It seemed useful and well built. The neoprene is well attached and the seams seem well done. I put it on my fridge to give it a try and I stuck a few things in there. The magnets held well and it didn't slid down with the weight. The magnets are strong, well too strong. I pulled it out to put it somewhere else and the magnets popped off and stayed attached to the fridge. So, yeah, this is broken. Broke during its first use. They need to build this better or use stronger glue. The magnets popped out upon first use.
The cork on this board is exceptionally thin and flimsy. If you push a standard sized push pin into it anywhere near the middle, it will push all the way through and put a hole in wall behind it (I tested this behind a door because I could tell it was going to be a problem as soon as I unwrapped it, and sure enough… hole in my wall). I cannot possibly recommend this board. Very cheaply made.
In about a month from now the back-to-school ads will appear. There will be a make shift room with a handsome cork bulletin board hung next to a perfectly arranged desk. Maybe a pennant casually draped over the board to show some school spirit. You know THAT ad? This would be the perfect cork board for the photo shoot. This corkboard is very nice-looking, but sadly, that&#8217;s the only good thing I can say about it. This thing is so thin that pushing standard thumbtacks into it will not only go completely through the board, but into the wall behind it as well. My now perforated wall aside, the composition of this board is horrendous. In only a few months it&#8217;s been used between me and my brothers to the point where chunks of cork are falling out of the board. As my bro found out, taping anything to the board is not a good idea, as the cork peels right off with the tape. Also, that &#8220;oak&#8221; frame is really plastic, and the only other material reinforcing this thing is cardboard. Dropping this from extremely low heights is a sure way to bust that framing too. This is an okay corkboard to use once in a while, but I just can&#8217;t say confidently that it can hold it&#8217;s own under regular and continuous usage. Great for a photo shoot. Put a tack in it and it looks like you actually shot it.
I buy lots of view binders each year. The brand I usually get is Avery and they are much better. The plastic covering the cardboard is shockinly thin. You hold it in your hands and you seem to just be looking at it waiting for it do fall apart at any second. The seams new are already failing, and it would take nothing to tear off the front and back from the spine. Very Low Quality To Be Avoided At All Costs.
These binders are billed as the manufacturer's "strongest ever. " If that's the case, I'll have to remind myself to look elsewhere for notebooks. The one that I got arrived with a completely torn rear outer cover (the rip is about 8" across) and the cover itself was warped and curved. Even the most generic of binders that I find at Staples (or even the Dollar Tree) is better quality. Because of the torn rear cover, no insert can be placed in this notebook and since I index the contents of my binders using inserts placed in the outer covering, this one is essentially useless (unless I want to patch it up with shipping tape--lovely). I'm a writer, I live in an ocean of office supplies and organizing tools like binders. I think the company that shipped this needs to order some of their own supplies and see the junk that they are shipping to customers. Zero stars. Cheap piece of junk, arrived destroyed.
Won't print SVG files borderlessly. Will not print borderless for all paper types and will automatically crop your image so forget about 'exactly what you see is what you get' printing. I had a canon that broke while I was working with SVG vector files- I needed it borderless since I was making templates for things and needed it to be exact measurements- no scaling up or stretching to fit. I contacted Brother and they sent me their basic tutorial on their borderless prints trying to help but nothing worked. They said it may just not be capable of some file extensions… the thing is it worked (sort of) but it wouldn't work for a borderless print with exact measurements. It was always cropping and leaving a border on the SVG's. I tried PNG and it seemed to stop it all but I need to print in SVG so that didn't help me. The thing seems to be a nightmare where exact measurements are involved. Not sure if other models work or not but as this was my first try with brother I'm not too happy. That all aside- When going to return the item because it essentially lied about the machine being able to borderless print the vendor had some additional instructions for mailing it back- one which was paying the shipping on your own and the other, which I found to be a total crock, pay a 20% fee for restocking the item. Together all of that totals to half of what I paid for the thing… so a 50% loss. I guess I'll be giving it to someone and spending the 50 bucks I would use to return it towards another printer. On a good note it seems to print nicely. Just beware if you are looking to borderless print as a standard use. BORDERLESS PRINTING FLOP.
I bought two of these. The one I bought for a friend. Perfect. This one. JUNK. Absolutely no technical support to speak of. Weeks later, waiting for them to call me so they can &#34;Troubleshoot. &#34; Nothing to troubleshoot. Bought two printers. One works. One is junk. Just replace it or repair. Still waiting… tap tap tap. Couldn't fax to save my life.
I'm always willing to try the ecologically responsible way of doing things, especially when it costs about the same as not going the recycling path. In this case, I had to recycle this cartridge after one attempt at printing. It left ink peeling off in two strips down the center of the page. I switched it out for a new HP cartridge and I'm back to quality printing. I have never had good luck with recycled inkjet cartridges, either. Generally, they do not print well or at all, and the last one I tried wasn't even recognized by the printer (Canon). I like the idea of "remanufactured" ink and toner cartridges, but if companies cannot make it work, they should not inflict their substandard products on the buying public. Get the genuine HP cartridge.
I was so disappointed with this laminator. I read the simple instructions and tried to laminate a business card, then two 8x10 papers and every time the items got stuck. The business card finally worked on the cold setting-although a little bit bent. The heated setting was even worse. Both papers got stuck and when trying to release the jam by hitting the reverse button, the papers crinkled in the machine. So frustrating when the instructions say that the papers will filter through automatically. I'll try calling customer service and update review soon. Total Failure :(.
I really want to love this heavy duty laminator! We opened the box and were surprised to feel just how heavy it was! We were pleasantly surprised to find the item came with 5 laminating pouches so that we could get started right away. Easy to operate! 1-2-3 the first project slide threw like a charm and I have to tell you, we were pleased! It was not flimsy at all! Now for the second project - ummm total paper jam and it would not reverse itself. We put the "cleaning" paper in to see if that would help and that too was eaten. It is apparent that it got stuck on the roller. A quick call to customer service and they will "swing by to pick it up", but they don't know when or how. They just know they are creating a ticket for it. So, I guess I will update my review when I have more information. I think the one important thing to share is that this particular model does not have a "release" button in the event of a jam. If it gets jammed, there is a reverse button, but if it gets wrapped around the roller bar, there isn't much you can do about it. UPDATE: It looks like my negative review will have to remain. I have heard nothing back from Black & Decker. Customer Service has not followed through and issued a call tag for return on this item. It seems to me that customer service should be a priority on a $150 item. I have since gone and purchased the Swingline GBC Inspire Laminator (retail is $49. 99, but paid less here at Amazon) and am very pleased with it! I want to love this laminator, but… (SEE UPDATE).
Worst of the worst. I can't get past printing a test page that I didn't ask for or want to print to begin with. Walk away.
I have a MAC and loaded software with no problem. Your are required to waste ink by printing a test, scanning the test and then printing it again. After the test I wanted to print with &#34;Plain Paper, Best&#34; but it was possum slow so I switched to &#34;Plain Paper, Fast&#34; several times but it would print only &#34;Plain Paper, Best&#34; which is not what I wanted. I kept trying to change the setting but the end result was &#34;Plain Paper, Best&#34; which is very slow (more than 25 seconds per page). If you are wondering, I did check the setting several times before printing. HP sucks!!!!!! RETURN IT ASAP.
Was sent this to use and review and it did not come with a manual but we think we figured it out and were pleased with how the set up works, then it didn'tPositive side is the design is clean and crisp. Why wouldn't something come with a manual? Top companies include a manual and clear instructions. Alas, we thought it was working but wasn't. Disappointed. Clean crisp design But.
This thing eats ink like it was baby formula. I used this twice to print out a paper for school, and now half the ink in the cartridge is GONE! This thing eats ink like it was baby formula.
First, save your $$! I have had nothing but problems with this printer. 1. It's S-L-O-W and very loud when it prints. I can hear it from the second floor of my house -- the printer is on the 1st floor. 2. It constantly has paper jams3. I frequently have to reprint because it frequently will use double sheets of paper (see #2)4. I have to use the reinstall disk on a permanent basis because the printer will automatically disconnect itself from the FIOS internet connection. This is where the printer fails most often… as in several times per week. 5. Switching to a legal size paper requires 5 minutes of your time for set up EACH time you need to print something on legal. 6. The support section of the website should really list all the reason of WHY YOU AREN'T GOING TO GET ANY! Oh BROTHER… WHY Did I Buy This Printer?!
This is a nice compact scanner and it scans both sides of pages. Plenty of app type options for scanning control methods. But, it's not making true images for me. I've experimented with trying to feed the pages slightly differently, but keep getting crooked images with blacked out segments. Seems like the mechanism that pulls the page through doesn't present the paper to the image capture area smoothly. I contacted the company's tech support - they told me to try recalibrating, which I did and that did not help. Passed that on to tech support and never heard back. Maybe they know it's expected? Anyway, I can't recommend this scanner based on my experience with it and with the company. Crooked scan images.
Very expensive and small cartridges, neverbuy epson again! Hp is cool!!! Check ink prices before you buy. And you will save money such way. Crazy prices for cartridges!!!
Yes.. this one. I usually LOVE Epsons but this one should be returned… if I could. It prints fine but there is so much wrong with the printer. First it's picky at software compatibility. It prints fine with Word but heaven forbid you want to print with Print Shop. You won't get anything to print. Next, you… can… only… print… one… 11x17… sheet… at… a… time. That kills it for me. When I print 11x17, I print more than one at a time. I would &#34;think&#34; most people would! It even STOPS you if you have more than one sheet at a time. (Pay attention to this one unless you don't care about 11x17 printing but then why are you even considering this printer? )Finally, and this one baffles me, the scan area is only 8. 5x11. Now why would you create a printer that prints 11x17 paper and limit the scan area to such a small dimension? Yes, set up was easy and footprint is small but the three reasons above made me wonder why Epson put this machine out. If you're looking for an 11x17 printer I'd look elsewhere. This isn't a very good one. I Hate An Epson???
If you really want to print your own photos this will do it. Hands down - incredible pictures. The small learning curve is to make sure you have the right settings for quality and type of paper. Once you get that you won't be able to tell the difference between photo store prints and those made with this printer. Update: Printer head clogged after the second set of ink, since it was after 30 days I called Epson and they immediately sent out a new one. Now, the reason for 1 Stars: The new one came and I sent the old one back with the delivery driver. The new one was "refurbished," not new ( I was told it was an unused return when I called for the replacement). It also did not have a power cord which I had sent back to Epson with the old printer. Have spoken with 2 customer service reps (who will NOT escalate my call to next level support) how both say they have to "research whether I am entitled to a cord. I even offered to pay for it but they would not do that without "research. " What good is a product no matter how nice if it is not backed up by the manufacturer. Worst customer service ever. A small learning curve Poor customer Service.
Don't waste your money. It is totally junk. Customer service told me it was a problem with my computer so he did not have to hep me anymore. Don't waste your money.
DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER! We got this printer a couple of months ago. It has a really cheap plastic feel. It is a really crazy set up where you have to close the exit drawer to load paper. The paper drawer just slides on the desk. It is all very awkward. It printed OK so I was wiling to put up with the craziness and cheap feel, but then the complimentary ink ran out. Well it has been nothing but trouble since that time. Yes, we have bought genuine Epson ink and we cannot get it to print color stuff. It is all streaked and weird looking. We have cleaned the print heads. (Be prepared to use up about 1/6 of the ink cartridge to do that chore. ) We have aligned the print heads. We have done these things multiple times. We went and bought a new pack of all the colors including the two black cartridges and went through it all again and still it does not print correctly. This thing is a piece of junk and we have wasted over $200 including the ink. Just DON'T buy this printer. I would give no stars if I could.
Obviously there are all sorts of printers out there, a huge choice. But this is the one I wanted. Why? Easy. It is smaller and lighter than most but lacks nothing. It is fitting into what little space I could free up and is easy to pack up and take with me when I need a flat screen scanner to copy family photographs. Which I do. The other kinds of scanners that are more portable simply will not work as the wand ones don't provide adequate reproduction for photos and I can't send precious old photos that are in the possession of a worried relative through the sheet-fed ones. So this is about the least weighty, bulky and most portable - and able - scanner combo I can find. It is true that this machine is willing to do every print chore I need, including photos, and do it well. It is willing to operate wirelessly if need be. It is willing to do copying chores that otherwise cost me a trip to one of the copy shops. And as I said, it scans in the optimum manner. Several not-so-little negative notes here: The software disabled my computer's firewall despite being denied permission to do so. When I restarted my computer, a program identified as "LTCM Client" had been installed in addition to the Epson items. I immediately uninstalled it and want to put this information out for all. And THEN. I had to call Epson's Customer Support. Twice. That is because the directions were not at all clear and I have not recently set up a printer. The two males I spoke with, whose English was heavily accented and not easy to understand, were very polite but the second one asked for the serial number and then informed me that the machine that I had just received was "over a year old and out of warranty". I see that another reviewer reports the same. I think if this is a corporate policy, to dissuade customers from making good when they receive defective machines, we should "out" them. Anyone else? 4/14/2014 update: Found out the hard way why I will never buy nor recommend Epson. I had just started a time-sensitive print job (I don't print much) when suddenly the levels of ink remaining flashed on the computer screen - like a warning. This was accompanied by a blatant reference to the Epson website to purchase more. Now let me make it clear that the graph showed that I did have ink left in the lowest cartridge - black, of course - yet the software shut off the print job right there in the middle, refused to complete. This appears to be designed to make you panic and buy their overpriced cartridges, which will obviously take several days to arrive. Twenty-three dollars for the regular black cartridge and nineteen each for the other four. If I went down to the local office supply store, the black would be the same and a multi-pack sixty-seven dollars and forty-nine cents. You can see that the cost of the ink approaches the cost of the printer. Ridiculous. And I had printed so very little since installing the printer!! Apparently there's very little ink in each cartridge. Something really wrong here, folks. I had to spend my precious time and money going to the local library to print after making a phone call to determine how to deal with the lack of printed material I needed for this time-sensitive project. Now I won't know until I have the printer back up, whether I have successfully cancelled the no-longer-needed print order. Plus I won't be able to copy the needed papers because the blasted thing won't work until the ink gets here. Blatant manipulative, disgusting policy plus a real PITA. If you like this kind of treatment, go ahead and buy an Epson. DO NOT BUY unless you like being bamboozled.
The XP-610 is a decent printer but the reason I gave it one star is because of the Epson software. I told the Printer installation that I did not want a Toolbar. It installed it anyway and set a bypass to the computer's firewall. This toolbar software would then surreptitiously communicate with Epson or the Toolbar company on things you do unrelated to the Printer that you installed. The Printer installation also installed Epson Customer Participation software that will gather additional information. There was no request as to whether I wanted this also. I take exception to any software that attempts to communicate with a company behind my back and without my knowledge or permission. How did I find this? My firewall notifies me of any unrecognized attempt to communicate with my network or the internet. I can then allow or block the request. In addition it saves which software program it was. This allowed me to see what specific program made the attempt and then delete that program. In the end, I deleted the Epson printer from my wireless network and uninstalled all the associated programs. But to remove it required uninstalling 7 separate programs. I tried using this printer with the direct USB connection and the Epson software still tried to go out to internet surreptitiously. At the time when this attempt was made, I had already disconnected the printer from this computer's USB port. Wireless printing is convenient but it appears that some companies are taking advantage of the fact that to get a wireless printer to work, you have to allow it to communicate through your firewall. That means the printer (software) has access to your computer and the internet. Printer features and quality are good but it appears to have some glitches. I tried cancelling a print and the printer just sat there forever "cancelling" until I shut off the printer. The supplied documentation is sparse. I have had HP, Brother, Canon and Epson printers before, right now I have a Brother MFC-J870DW Printer and I prefer it over the Epson XP-610. It is easier to use, never glitches and print quality is excellent. The other problem with the Epson is that if you choose Epson ink, the regular cartridges will cost you $75 while the XL cartridges will cost $99. Sneaky printer.
The xp series is the most unreliable trouble prone printers I have ever experienced. The ink system is the problem. Clogs, requires numerous clean cycles which waste a lot of ink and sometimes will not resolve the problem. DO NOT buy one of the XP models! Troublesome ink system on the XP models.
Purchased the previous version, XP_800, last year from Amazon. After about six months it stopped printing black and a new cartridge did not resolve the problem. Epson sent a refurbished replacement. Needed a printer so made an emergency purchase at the local Staples of the XP-810. After about three months it will no longer print black even with new cartridges. These were my first two Epson printers and am very frustrated that both printers developed the same problem so early and disappointed that the 810 is no better than the 800 it replaced. The replacement cartridges are genuine Epson and no generic or refilled have been used in either. Checked on the internet and this seems to be a widespread problem with these printers. I regret having purchased them. Contacted support and after completing a series of maintenance procedures without resolving the problem they are sending a refurbished replacement which is projected to arrive in five to seven business days. The maintenance procedures consume a considerable amount of ink. The ink used in the maintenance and testing cost about half the price of the printer. Cannot comprehend how Consumer Reports tested these and did not encounter these problems. Gives me reservations about relying on Consumer Reports testing and recommendations. Great Printer when it worked for about three months.
I do a lot of letter writing to family and friends with fountain pens for the personal touch. This pen is very difficult to hold because it is slippery and you can't grip it well. Much better are the five star Lamy pens with the contoured grip for fingers and thumb. Pens are made to write with, but if you can't hold it, what good is it?
After three hours on hold with various levels of Ricoh tech support I was told that there is no Mac driver for this printer. None. And none forthcoming. So I can't report on how it works. This is a WIndows ONLY printer/scanner/copier. Very disappointing. Nothing on the Amazon description noted that it was Windows only. Will NOT work with Mac. Windows only.
Though I've owned a number of all-in-one printers in the past, my experience with this Ricoh Aficio SP 204SN Wireless Monochrome Multifunction Laser Printer has been the most frustrating. It arrived at my door in pieces that I could not configure. Though the directions give detailed drawings of the front, the back assembly of these pieces is lacking. I eventually learned through through another source that they are actually covers for two different sizes of paper. After that, I could only properly install one of them. Even after several attempts, I never was able to install the other. After a lot of wasted time trying to set this copier up, imagine my disappointment to find the software to print is not even compatible with my computer's operating system (Mac OSX)… *Update: Since my initial review, the product description has changed to include: (windows only). Thank you! Unnecessarily Complicated and Incompatible With Mac OSX.
I am not a computer genius however I am not an idiot either. straight out of the box this thing is a pain in the butt. The printer I have is not showing up on the info needed. I have tried with USB and LAN cords nothing! I went online and can only find info for the UK and Australia so it seems there is no help for USA buyers… After 2. 5hrs I am giving up, this thing is getting put in the basement storage. Seems i got the wrong set up disk. i still cant find the software online, even on their own website. So frustrated I have spent 4 hrs on this thing now… finally found on their site to download software and low and behold my computer got infected and I have now spent 7hrs on this… trying to fix it. This is going in the trash, no way would I allow it to take up space in my home. To get help from their customer service line you must provide a credit card before you may get a person.. what kind of scam is this?? After spending hours on it, then hours trying to fix my computer I called their customer service line and got a person without entering a credit card and got everything resolved however they wanted to back door my computer which also freaked me out. Not an easy process but with the tech guy in my computer this morning for over an hour we (he) got it installed. still not worth all the trouble!! POS! 0 stars!! Not worth the headache at all!! WHAT??
Not many products make me angry but I just spent half a day, 100 sheets of wasted paper and repeated searches of the internet only to discover that this product is NOT Mac compatible. It is astonishing when Apple is the number one consumer electronics company in the world and used in a large number of homes, home offices and colleges and universities, that a company would put out a printer which cannot be made to work with Mac. Even more annoying, there is no warning of this on the box or the Amazon product page, so one could easily order it and have it not function. Stupid and thoughtless. In addition the instructions shipped with the printer come on a dozen little brochures, all incomprehensible and printed in ten languages jumbled on top of each other. Literally impossible to understand. Who has time for this? Ricoh appears to be clueless how to provide ease of use to customers. Pathetic morons. There are not many products from major manufacturers which have more One Star reviews than any other, a clear indication of a very poorly managed corporation. Note added later: After much investigation and Apple Support discussions, I finally found third party shareware called Gutenprint which does allow the printer to connect to Mac, but only via USB - wireless still does not work. It seems even Amazon reviewers who use PC have equally bad experiences. Skip this printer. The Brother 2270 is a more reliable choice and the refills for it more widely available, and its output looks cleaner than this Ricoh. Not Macintosh compatible. Confusing, useless instructions.
This is positively the worst excuse of a printer I've ever come across. I would love to tell you all about the print speed and quality, the paper handling capabilities, the sounds it makes when it operates and all that other fine stuff buyers of printers are interested in. Unfortunately, I can&#8217;t, because after spending one and a half hours messing with this thing, I never succeeded in successfully getting the printer to operate. I suppose when I opened the literature packet and pulled out eleven sheets of paper written in fifteen different languages, I should have realized I was in trouble. (Thank God I&#8217;m an English speaker though, as the English instructions were always first. God help the Estonians or Finnish or any other country with their language buried seventh or eighth in the list. ) I tried to follow the &#8220;quick&#8221; instructions and in doing so, I succeeded in getting everything plugged in and ready to go. From there, it&#8217;s pick your poison of what kind of physical setup you want to do, then try to follow the sheet for that particular kind of setup. I decided to choose whatever was first on the CD, and that was the relatively simple and straightforward USB. Click. Nothing. Click. Nothing. Connect the printer with the USB cable, click. Nothing. Okay. Run an Ethernet cable and choose &#8220;network&#8221;. Click. Dialog box. (Hallelujah! ) Computer starts doing something, then an error message: &#8220;Print job already in progress. &#8221; I wish. I messed with a couple of other things, restarted the computer, anything I could think of. Nothing worked. I got the &#8220;Print Job&#8221; error message a few more times before I packed it all up and put it away. At work, we have about thirty printers of at least four different makes, including complicated bar code printers, dedicated label printers, and of course typical office and home network printers (mostly Brother, a few Epsons). I can&#8217;t recall ever having spent more than twenty or thirty minutes setting up a printer, and of course, at the end of setup, they would all print. This is the first time I've ever spent so long for absolutely no results. This thing is going to sit in my attic until Vine rules allow me to dispose of it. That&#8217;s it. Stay away from this printer. One word for this printer: Ugh!
I've setup and installed many players over the years. Canon, Epson, Minolta, Brother and HP. Photo printers, networked, wireless, wide format copiers/plotters, and large office printers/copiers. With the exception of my old Minolta color network printer (over 10 years old), most were relatively painless and were up and running within 5-10 minutes of plugging it in. This Ricoh printer is far from user friendly -- my Win7 system was unable to successfully install via USB, ethernet, or wifi. I tried getting the latest drivers from Ricoh's site, but those didn't work either. As of this review, the last update of the driver (PCL6) was version 1. 0, released on 7/4/2013. If the driver gets updated, and I'm ever in the mood for a headache, I'll try installing this paperweight again. Advice -- Try a Canon, HP, or Epson printer. I rarely ever have issues with those brands, and setup tends to be a breeze. Look elsewhere.
This printer simply will not work with any of my Macs. Based on the cost of a refill cartridge (and the aggressive 75% reduction in this printer's cost), I'm guessing that this product was intended to be a very low-cost way to hook a few gullible souls into an absurdly priced toner ecosystem (which, in fairness, is what most printers are designed to do, but at least with other printers, there's an attempt to provide quality and reliability as incentives to stick with the ecosystem). Awful. A Catastrophe.
I bought this because I wasn't about to spend $150 for a black and white laser printer that I use only occasionally. However after an hour of trying to get my Toshiba laptop (running Windows 8. 1) to recognize this printer I gave up. Maybe it's a Toshiba issue, maybe it's a Windows 8. 1 issue, maybe it's a Ricoh issue. I don't know but it doesn't really matter. Back to Amazon it went! Would work with my Windows 8. 1 Toshiba.
Perhaps it's just my computer, but this printer is a disaster. I have both XP and Windows 8 on two separate computers and it was a royal pain to get it to set up. First, the wireless wasn't working (granted, we have a somewhat complicated wireless system). Not only that, but anything else wireless in our house was totally messed up when this printer was trying to access the wireless network. I know, you are now saying, &#34;well, it's not the printers fault. &#34; Well, maybe so, but I've installed many, many wireless items in my house and not one of them had an issue like this! So since the wireless was being a pain, we used the USB to get it set up, but it WOULD NOT INSTALL or work!! Looking closer at the notes on the disc, the software and driver was for a different printer than this one! So they sent the wrong software with it. So unfortunately I can't review how the printer actually works because I spent over 3 hours trying to get the stupid thing to install with the wrong software. What a mess! Horrible software, painful to set up. Does not help that they sent the wrong software disc!!!
I was genuinely surprised to learn that a printer being manufactured in 2014 does not support Mac or Airplay. It didn't help that this failing wasn't clearly disclosed in the product description. Perhaps Ricoh is still living in the 90's, believing that businesses only use Windows. Whatever the reason, it is inexcusable in the very competitive market at this price point and capability. It doesn't help that it is -also- hard to set up with difficult and frustrating menus and junk instructions. Sure, you could jack around with it to get it running in a Mac environment or somesuch, but what's the point? Even if you only have Windows/Microsoft computers and devices today, why limit what you can run or a guest can run in the future. No Mac support, no airplay, no good. Too many other options.
First off the instructions were useless. I am not a computer expert in all things tech so I had a friend who was with me to make sure I got it up and running. It took him a while to get it hooked up which he said is not a good thing. So we finally get this piece of junk hooked up to my Dell desktop and tried to print various documents etc.. and the paper kept getting jammed in there for some reason. The few things we got printed were very poor quality. Considering it only does one function which is print(not scan, fax etc… )the price is way to high. Skip and buy and All In one printer! Pass on this clunker!
I'd love to review this printer, but I can't get it connected via wireless or by USB. We've had problems with our wireless connecting to our wireless at home, so we tried it at our office too, but it was a no-go. So then we tried it via a USB connection and that was a disaster. We've reviewed several printers for Amazon Vine so I don't think we did anything wrong in the set-up. Looking at other reviews, I don't want to risk downloading software from the website since they said they got a virus out of it. My advice would be to stay away from this model. There has to be an easier and safer way to get black and white prints. Steer Clear.
I thought this printer would be excellent addition to my home office- I'm in grad school and so was drawn to the ability to scan, copy, fax and laser print all in one, and wirelessly to boot! The scanning and copying work OK, and it connects to my wireless network seamlessly. Sadly though, this printer doesn't work with my Mac. I thought I was simply missing the drivers since the product description never mentions this limitation, but when I emailed Ricoh customer service, I received the following reply: &#34;This model does not support Post Script Print Language that Apple requires. There are no drivers available for the Mac OS. Thank you for choosing Ricoh. &#34;I am truly disappointed- I would never have ordered this heavy, bulky printer if I had known it would not work with my Mac. The product description really needs to be updated to mention this limitation. looks like it could be great, but not Mac compatible so I can't test that out.
I really liked this printer until it came time to replace the ink cartridges. When I need to buy a printer I look at the prices of the cartridges, and the ones for this printer were very cheap. However, I soon discovered that the greedy dirt bags at Epson have gone to VERY great lengths to make sure you can't use the inexpensive after-market cartridges and can only use their way overpriced genuine Epson ones. I found on Amazon a pack of aftermarket ones that cost $14 for 4 black and two each of the other colors, but the printer won't &#34;recognize&#34; these even though it has the same cartridge number. So instead of getting 10 aftermarket cartridges you can buy one genuine Epson cartridge for the same price. Talk about gouging! I wish I had known this before I bought it. Maybe other brands are like this also, but I will never will get anything with the Epson name again. Have to buy only Epson ink cartridges.
I bought this one as quick as I could I needed it right away.. Never read the reviews and got the item here's what's wrong with this horrible printer:1. Says it connects to wifi after hours of trying and reading directions and calling support and online support this printer would NOT connect to my wifi2. After following the instructions to a T I then went to print a test page and I could hear the wheels turning and the ribbon moving and the ink cartridges moving but it spit out a blank paper once again call Epson support they had me take the thing apart and redo exactly what I did the first time still no luck3. After spending hours on support I just got off my butt went to walmart and spent $2 more for an HP printer and had absolutely no problems.. Getting ready to make a claim soon very disappointed only plus side was that the scanner worked but hey it might copy but u can't print those copies!! Terrible.
If you only need to print one or two times, then by all means grab this cheapy printer. If not, and your printer needs are more, then please by a quality product. I was iffy anyway, considering the price before purchasing this. But having some good history in th past with the Epson brand, I asked myself &#34;how can i go wrong? &#34; Right? I mean this is Epson afterall. Epson should be ashamed of itself. This thing is cheaply mass produced with cheap parts. It makes too much noise, is persistant with nozzle clogs and errors and sucks ink up like crazy. Let it sit unused for a few days, and youbwill be required the use the headcleaning function before use. That will eat all your ink, and then it will tell you you need to do it again. The wifi is crap. It takes so long to print wirelessly. And no it is not my connection. I have other printers that print on wifi almost instantly. I guess you get what you pay for. Disposeable! One time use only.
I wanted to use this whiteboard on our refrigerator, but it failed beyond the conceptual level. The magnets supplied are not strong enough to hold the board in place. Further, the design requires that you consume the permanent mount tabs to affix the magnets to the board. Thus, it is not possible to have a fallback plan of mounting it to the wall. I do not recommend this product at all. Pure Junk.
Made from super cheap materials. It is a very basic white board. It comes with four adhesive mounting pads, and four flat magnets you then stick to the pads. But the magnets I received weren&#8217;t even strong enough to keep the board attached to a basic steel cabinet. So now I need more adhesive mounts to make the white board useful at all. Also the board comes with two smaller magnets you attach notes and a small dry erase marker. Normally I wouldn&#8217;t speak so bad about such a product, but this just screams cheap. I would avoid it and look for another brand. If you however have a question about the item, feel free to leave a question below and I will try to answer it. Cheap Quality.
Totally not impressed by this product. In an effort to make installation easy (3M stickily foam pads instead of actually attaching to the wall) the frame is made of gray plastic instead of metal. So the product is super light, but also super cheap looking. Also, not helped by the fact that it was damaged during shipment and has a crease down the white board side. The corners are angled and I'm not sure if this is on purpose or a manufacturing flaw but again, it adds to the cheap look and feel. SKIP!! Cheaply made!
It is only 7 1/2" long, not 8 1/2" and not 9"! What? Twenty-seven people reviewed this before me and no one else noticed? Really?!? Magnet is powerful enough to stay put, and I like the width of the pad. It also has a stretch band at the bottom to keep the pages from flying. But that is not saying much, is it? It's an average product that claim that it is longer than it really is. (I notified Amazon of the mistake in length, and they updated the product page to say 9". Yikes! You can't win for losing it seems! )There is a LOT of wasted space: Once I write something down on a "To Do" list, my brain really does not need a header to tell me that it is something "To Do", "To Remember", or "To Buy". The wide ruled lines also waste space. The pink binding is extra-long, too. So, out of 7 1/2" in length, only 5 1/4" is usable: Only 14 lines per page (not counting the last, half-line); 75 pages, plus a cardboard backing. Hopefully, this will come down in price and give us more value. You can do the math with the numbers I've given you here. But at the moment I'm posting this review, this product costs 8. 7 cents per page and that is ridiculous. Do yourself a favor and keep looking: There are plenty other To Do lists out there from which to choose! 7 1/2" long pad has LOTS of wasted space and LITTLE value!
I have a magnetic pencil holder that I picked up at an office supply store. That magnet is STRONG and keeps the pen holder in place even though the holder is made of metal mesh which is much heavier than plastic. The magnet on the ACCO brand pen cup is weak and slides easily even when empty. This is definitely not something I would go out and purchase. Magnet is not very strong.
This is a very low-quality item. It is cheaply made, the magnet was crooked on the back of the cup, and it is not a very strong magnet. If there are more than two pens in the cup, it slides. And it is useless for sticking paper to the magnetic surface. I would not buy one of these. Cheap, cheesy, and will not hold more than a couple of pens.
This erases well and my daughter is happy with it in her playroom, but it's cheaply made. We have had it for only a few weeks and the cheap plastic frame has broken and the part that holds the marker busted. The cork is extremely thin. The magnets are very cute, though. poor quality.
First off, I love the magnets. They're great. But my love for this product ends there. It could not be made any more cheaply. The cork strips off with hardly any use from tacks and the green frame doesn't even aline properly from one side to another. I am far from impressed with this board and wouldn't look toward ACCO again for dry erase boards. Cheap.
I had an awesome mail pouch that we collected receipts in. I tore it and was looking for a new one. I needed a pouch because we get receipts of all sizes. I am not even sure why this is being called a pouch. The sides are completely open. It is more like a rigid file folder. The magnet was fine until I put a couple things in it. Now it is slidey. And it is unusable for collecting random bits of paper because they fall out. Not a pouch.
All cork boards aren&#8217;t created equal. This one is definitely not a superior board; in fact, flimsy is the word that best describes it. You can&#8217;t use it to hang jewelry on because the board can&#8217;t support the weight as the push pins are minimally supported by the thin cork. You can&#8217;t use it to secure multiple pages such as policies for the office. However, you could use it to secure single page memos and such. The trick is to hang things that aren&#8217;t weighty. My recommendation is to skip this one for one with better grade of cork and more substantial frame (this one is plastic). Yeah &#8220;you get what you pay for&#8221; but there should be more pride in the production of a product that carries your name. I say shame on the manufacturers of this product. Put a cork in the production of this board.
The board feels very cheap--cardboard back and plastic frame but the worst part is that it won't stay on the wall. We use the adhesive strips and it keeps falling off. Very, very unhappy with this product. not happy with this.
If you are just looking for a cheap quality binder than this is the binder for you. This binder was a disappointment from the moment I opened the box. When I took it out it was a little dirty- which surprised me since it was new. After further inspection I can definitely say that this binder is definitely NOT something I would recommend for a student who has to carry it in a backpack as it's cheap quality and construction will cause it to deteriorate rapidly. The pockets on the inside wall of each side of the binder will tear within a couple of uses. The open/close mechanism for the rings don't seem very sturdy and nor do the rings seems well attached to the binder itself. Cheap Quality Binder.
My teenager was headed off to an Instructor training workshop and he had lots of loose cards, small books, and papers on the table. It seemed like the perfect opportunity to test this binder. He is 19 and was out of town for a week, carrying this in his backpack, nothing unusual. The binder's cover fell apart first. He said it did not get that much use because he only put the title page in the front and some loose things he needed to be able to refer to in the back. The rest of it just seemed to go downhill from there. All of his pages and booklets were pretty much loose in his backpack when he came to my office to get a new binder. He was very clear that his Mead 5 Star products would have held up to the week. Fell to pieces.
Unless I recieved a factory second product to review, this binder is substandard. From the outside, it looks fine, although the spine is somewhat 'sloppy'. On opening, there is a basic 3 ring setting that works well, and double pockets on the front and back inside covers. The plastic is bubbled on both inside covers. Perhaps that is a manufacturing error, some factory in China messed up, right? Wrong. 'Assembled in the USA' embossed on one of the pockets. Hey, mistakes happen. I put a piece of paper in a pocket. Big mistake. I have fingernails but well manicured, not claws. Even so, the plastic covering, not even the pocket itself, dented from my nail. I've used other Wilson Jones products, most are quite good. One issue alone wouldn't make me hate this. All of them together mean you should skip this particular product.. Ultra Duty? It's Ultra Doody!
I am a binder addict. I have them everywhere and use them to organize everything. Usually Wilson Jones is a good brand. When the hinge was formed on this binder either the heat was too hot or it was left too long. So instead of just melting the hinge in, it melted through. So this binder has perforations all down the hinge. Given all the holes, this is not going to last very long. The cover also has a number of bubbles in the vinyl. Not impressive.
This binder is flimsy and has a very cheap feel and look to it. I am not impressed at all and do not have hopes of lasting long when it is taken in and out of my child's backpack. cheap.
When I removed this from the box, I instantly noticed that the front looked strange. It took me a second to realize the clear plastic on the front was ripped at the seam by about three inches (which is why it was flopping over). I do not know if this happened in transport or when packing, but it does not bode well for the folder overall. If it tears this easily, what will happen when put in a backpack? For us, since we had to dispose of this product (and send another item to the landfill), we have to vote no. Already Ripped.
Very very expensive cartridges!!! Be carefully, printer is chip and cartridges are very expensive!!! It is better to bug hp. Much better. Never buy again.
This does stick well to my fridge but that's all I like about it. All of their writing is in a very light color instead of using bold so you can see it easily. Each category just has room to check the little circle next to the item in general that you need but very little space to write anything else below it and each space is very narrow and the next line below to write another item is very close to the one above so you have to write anything extra very, very small. Also very little space to write what you plan on serving each day that week. I guess it is at least good for a reminder but that's about it. I wouldn't buy this item. Mead Organizher Magnetic Shopping List.
This lamp is very modern in look and initially I was impressed by it. On the base are 5 buttons in a circle to control the amount of light being put out. The problem is that the light is harsh and unless you dim it to the nth degree, you're going to be blind or have the mother of all headaches. It is not soft light but hard almost florescent type lighting. Another problem is that the black frame for the lamp attracts all manner of dust particles. It looks dusty and dirty even though it was just opened. Bottom line, the lamp has good output but the light hurts my eyes. Looks great, lighting is harsh.
Boy, did I need a new stapler at my home office. And boy, did I make a wrong selection trying this. Swingline has really lost its touch making staplers. They and Bostitch used to have the market cornered. This is a plain white stapler which has a long pin number enclosed. If you go to the website they tell you, you can enter the pin and obtain a free &#34;skin&#34;--a sticker to apply to the whole stapler. Trouble is, the thing is a piece of junk! Why, oh why? Swingline's other staplers are fairly reliable, yet too often they make real bombs. Avoid this and get a sturdy, reliable model that does not require any playing around like this one does. Ah, make something that WORKS first before you make it weird!
Wow. I was really put through my paces trying to set up WiFi through my Verizon Router, much like everyone has reported. I have a really hard time understanding how such a process to set up a wireless document scanner could ever make it off the early-stages of planning and development. Someone must've have REALLY dropped the ball NOT making this plug-n-play. I'm also betting that particular someone is already fired. ** Note directly to Epson -- You need to address this failing with your consumers who either register this device or call in ASAP. In the past, I've used NEAT Scanners, Fujitsu Document Scanners and a few other off-name brands and pretty much across the board -- they've all been a plug and play / easy install. This was anything but. I haven't seen an installation / troubleshooting process since maybe Windows 98 or even ME. 1. Installation process not simple nor easy. 2. I had to reconfigure my home router. 3. I had research the product online for set up and better install instructions -- before using. * I usually have no problems doing research or troubleshooting a product to either make it better or preform smoother, but to make the product operate in a basic mode… yeah, that's a problem. 4. Equally difficult installing the scanner on my Mac Mini. Probably more frustrating. 5. Once I got past the wireless scanning desire, the machine did work. 6. I wanted to place the scanner near the counter where I come in from outside and empty my pockets, and immediately scan all my receipts from the entire day. No this couldn't be achieved without removing a limb and making a pact with Satan. No thank you. 7. When I did scan documents, wired - not wireless, I was able to scan everything with no problem. Thin small receipts from the gas station, business cards, cash register receipts, everything. this process actually worked really good. I didn't experience the problems with the feeder that others did. 8. I utilized Evernote as my default save point. 9. I would've likely returned this scanner to the store had it been an outright purchase and not a Beta-test. 10. It's a shame, because this really is a nice looking scanner that does scan documents well. Like some Sony products however, the hardware is thwarted by the software portion making the thing immediately obsolete and troublesome for the standard consumer. Final thought:Epson needs to completely redesign the software portion of this device and offer customers either an apology, a notice to all registered buyers about a discount, and possibly even a buy back if they cannot deliver a better operating piece of software before years end. Epson has made some great hardware with bundled and branded software in the past. This is far from that standard. What a shame. Like Installing Windows 98. Wow. My eyes are burning.
OVERVIEW: from the start, it's a time-consuming disappointment. Wireless setup requires a WPS learning curve if you're unfamiliar (which you must research yourself as it's particular to your router) because it lacks the industry standard SSID/PW in the setup software. Unless, perhaps, you research exhaustively online. I refused. Once you get it set up, it won't scan: it will crumple your paper into an accordion, or it won't feed the paper at all. Conclusion: Do Not Buy This Scanner. BACKGROUND: I currently own a Fujitsu ScanSnap S1500M (for Mac) which works flawlessly. However, it is not wireless and doesn't work with my husband's Windows laptop. Thus, my interest in this product. I'm reasonably savvy tech-wise - not an IT professional, but I set up and maintain our wireless network with many disparate devices and platforms, 2. 4 ghz and 5 dual bands. For instance. ;)SETUP:Wireless setup is dependent on WPS. For those that don't know what that is (like me until this), it's a way for wireless devices to connect with your wireless router without entering your SSID and password - IF your router supports this. Epson says: to connect the scanner press the WPS button on your router, press the WPS button on your scanner for 3 seconds. I do this but the scanner won't connect (I'm in the setup software following the prompts). I tell the software that it did not connect. It tells me to power down the scanner, wait some seconds, and power on again to retry the process. Scanner does not connect for a second time, and once I say say "no, not connected" a second time, the software BOOTS ME OUT on purpose. Not a crash, but a `sayonara friend,' see online documentation. You can't make this stuff up! Here's what you actually need to do to connect wirelessly:1) Refer to your router's documentation from the get-go. Don't start with the scanner: start with the device (router) that has the information the scanner needs. 2) If your router allows you to disable WPS (mine did by default), you must enable it. This is done from your router's control panel in a browser (e. g. , 192. 168. 1. 1 - your router will tell you the url). You'll need your router's ID and PW. 3) If your router is not broadcasting your SSID for security (like mine), you may need to temporarily turn the broadcasting back ON (this may be router specific? ). 4) Once all this is done, your router should tell you how long to hold the WPS button on the device (maybe this is standard? Mine is 3 minutes, not seconds). By NOT following Epson's instructions, I'm finally successful: 1. 5 hours and two sessions later, the scanner is connected. Note: there is a blinking white light on scanner that should turn solid blue when connected. Even once you do what I've described, it may take a Long Time for it to connect. Just hold the darn button until the light changes colors. SCANNING: it doesn't scan. The first thing I try to scan is a receipt. The scanner pulls in the receipt and crumples it into a minute accordion. I get a misfeed error on screen (ya think? ) I carefully extract the receipt, flatten it, and re-try with it in an upside down orientation (maybe there was an uneven or bent corner? Maybe a fluke? I'm a glutton for punishment? ). Accordion once again. The only good news is that you can remove misfed documents with the simple release of a latch. Conversely, my Fujitsu handles receipts flawlessly - even when they are mixed in with a batch of paper of different sizes and thicknesses. At this point, I've invested almost two hours of my time, and not scanned a single document! Two days later, I begin again. I make sure the scanner's indicator light says that it's connected. It does. I fire up the scanning software. I try a 4 x 5 doctor's receipt. I click scan. NOTHING HAPPENS. This is utterly ridiculous! CONCLUSIONS:Re. setup: I stand by my annoyance as a former marketer: never remove the most familiar option (SSID/PW) until it becomes the new standard. Why create room for frustration and a possible learning curve? Assume no one will understand newer WPS connection method. BREAK IT DOWN. I don't care that it's the user's/router's "fault. " How much real estate on a piece of paper - or programming in setup software - does it take to make WPS setup clear? Don't make me work for answers. If I'd purchased this, I'd have packed it up and returned it. Someone will likely comment that I cannot pan a product because I didn't understand WPS. Why not? A product is a sum of it's parts: this includes setting it up. We buy these products to *make our lives easier*. My time is valuable and if setup is time consuming then a poor review is totally legit. Re. scanning:Receipts must be scannable. Of course it just needs to actually scan, period. Do I actually need to point this out to Epson? The scanning software is clumsy. Here's a comparison to Fujitsu, which actually - ahem - *makes my life easier:*Fujitsu Steps to Scan:1) open software2) insert paper to be scanned3) press scan button on machine. 4) choose output destination (e. g. , hard drive, email, etc. )5) receive a perfect scan in a PDF or word processing document. Things you DON'T have to do w/ a Fujitsu ScanSnap:1) choose settings for the type of document: these types of scanners are document-centric. UNLESS you want to scan photos (at which the Fujitsu does NOT excel), you NEVER need to select settings (how dark, how dense, what paper size, what output size, blah, blah blah). Fujitsu scans your document. You see the actual document, cropped to it's actual dimensions, in a PDF. Period. Now *that's* what I'm talking about! CAN you adjust settings? Of course. Do you have to in order to get a perfect scan? NO! 2) Specify settings before the scan button on the scanner will operate (see below). Epson Steps to Scan:1) open software2) select scanning source (I have an Epson printer: presumably this would not be true if the scanner is your only Epson device) for Every Single Scan (default device option, please!! )3) insert paper to be scanned4) Select from two separate screens-worth of menu options to choose the scan type/quality you want. Most of us aren't aware of what to choose, nor do we care about the details. Just auto detect, optimize and scan my *$%@ document! 5) press scan in the software - start button on scanner does not work UNLESS you "customize it," (pre-select all the myriad scan setting options) after which you finally have one-touch scanning from the machine as you do with a Fujitsu out of the box. 6) in my experience, fail to obtain a scan. (clear paper jam, re-feed, clear paper jam, scratch head… )Things you don't have to do w/ Epson scanner:1) Nothing. You have to do everything. 2) buy it. Seriously. You have to hold it's hand every step of the way. For nothing. Had I not experienced this scanner for myself, I would not believe that a product could *actually* make it to market in this state. I mean, there's the standard bad/frustrating these days, and then there's THIS Piece Of… Stuff. IN SUMMATION: avoid. Just don't do it. Save the extra $ to get a Fujitsu or don't buy a scanner at all. I'm really not kidding. :( I actually think donating this would be cruel. I will recycle it instead. Wait to save the extra $ for a Fujitsu ScanSnap… nothing works on Espon scanner. Zero stars.
had to read reviews here to find out that if you select borderless you can't select for plain paper. manual doesn't tell Epson won't respond to e-maill.. but the worst of it is it cuts the top and side off of every thing you try to copy! no matter how far you put it away from the edge. not impressedc Epson but the worst of it is it cuts the top and side.
This printer came in a very large box. The printer is large as the height of the unit is nearly 13. 5 inches. It is also clumsy to unpack. There are very many tapes that secure the unit. They seem to be everywhere. Setting it up and connecting was not difficulty. The instruction was clear and the ink cartridges was easy to put in. Setting up the the printer to print from the phone was also easy. We also set it up with a second computer. The second computer set up was stuck at first. We had to start over the second time and then it went through fine. Printing on regular paper for documents etc was fine. It is relatively slow. Surprising. This may be the slowest printer we have owned in a long time. The problem is this machine is for printing photographs when the expectation for quality is high. When printing there are very thin white lines that run through the page across the short side about 1. 5 inches apart. The mines are all through the page. We went on-line to find solutions and we didn't find enough to fix it. Next we found Epson's website to send questions. We got an answer inside of a day. Following instruction we cleaned the nozzles and we aligned the printer. The nozzles were fine but it appears to be alignment. The output test page showed that all was aligned and fine. But the pages continued to show the white lines. Also the color of the photographs were not correct. It is too brown and red. I believe that too can be set but with the white lines through the page, we have up. It cannot print photographs were lines like that would definitely show. It won't matter as much printing a typed page as the lines are thin and you won't notice them so much. Can't get rid of thin white lines running through the page.
I really liked this printer until it came time to replace the ink cartridges. When I need to buy a printer I look at the prices of the cartridges, and the ones for this printer were very cheap. However, I soon discovered that the greedy dirt bags at Epson have gone to VERY great lengths to make sure you can't use the inexpensive after-market cartridges and can only use their way overpriced genuine Epson ones. I really liked this printer until it came time to replace the.
Buyer beware! *The ink seems less expensive, but that is because the cartridges are half the size of most printer cartridges. *After owning this printer for two months-and having regular printing needs-I replaced the ink with Epson cartridges only to discover the nozzles were clogged. Following the trouble shooting guides, and Epson's own support (who sent me the same troubleshooting guides from the manual, so thanks Epson for wasting my time as well as my money) literally used ALL of the ink I just purchased to refill the printer. I had to run the &#34;clean nozzle&#34; function four times to clear the clog-and there went all my ink. Buyer beware! *The ink seems less expensive, but.
Hello,Firstly, if any of the inks are low it will not print in black only. Here I am needing to print my r&eacute;sum&eacute;, and because cyano is low I cannot print anything. So the people at Epson have made it so you are not allowed to print unless you replace all low ink cartridges… sneaky. Tr&egrave;s sneaky. Secondly, it goes through an ink cartridge every 30 pages. It pays to buy another printer that costs more money. Wifi does work… whoopdeedoo. Hello, Firstly, if any of the inks are.
This is a fairly big and heavy Epson unit which combines an inkjet printer, FAX and scanner. Fortunately it's wireless so you can tuck it in a corner or in another room from computer. I work out of my home office. I found it easy to set up on my Mac network, and the wireless started up with no trouble. The black and white printing is speedy and sharp, and the scanning works well. I did not try the FAX because I rarely use FAX anymore. The instructions and ease of set up have been improved since last time I installed an Epson product. It even prints both sides of the page. As for color photos, Epson really has perfected that and the output is lovely. However, Epson is trying to convince you that inkjet is the best choice the home office, better than laser. Assuming what you do is mainly black and white printing of text documents, and only occasional color, that's just not so. Epson has worked hard on this model but they can't change the basic nature of the beast. If one leaves an inkjet printer sit for a week or so unused, the inkjet nozzles can clog or dry out. For this reason the printer is programmed to use some ink for "maintenance," ie as a solvent to clear the nozzles when you start it up. According to Consumer Reports, this model uses more ink for this purpose than most others. Also, the advertised page capacity of the ink carts is misleading because it is measured by continuous nonstop use, certainly not how I print in a typical week, and takes no account of the "maintenance" dose, which will deplete the color even if you NEVER print color. Then there is the matter of ink cartridge refills. Epson and the others practically give away the printers to capture your refill business, like giving away the first few shots of heroin in the schoolyard. Ink is highly profitable for Epson and works out to about $8,000 per gallon! The Amazon price for this unit is $170 but to replace all the cartridges costs from $56 minimum to $125 if you go for the larger capacity. This is like buying a great little car for only $15,000 - but then discovering it costs $5,000 to refill the tank, and you're only allowed to buy fuel from the manufacturer… If that's not enough, Epson along with other inkjet makers were caught about 10 years back programming their printers to shut off prematurely when the carts were still &#8531; full, and forcing you to buy all new cartridges if even one of the colors was "low. " HP actually had to pay millions to settle lawsuits over this scam. Pretty cheesy. And then Epson sued the makers of third party cartridges, so you and I would be forced to buy from the mother ship only. So don't be surprised if you see this unit light up with a "cartridge exhausted" messsage and refuse to continue at some point, waiting patiently with its arms crossed while you scoot down to Staples to buy more ink, whether you really need it or not. Finally, suppose you want to print black text only, can you do that with the color cartridges just not installed, or exhausted? No, you cannot. The Epson tech support FAQ's state clearly that filled color cartridges must be in place, EVEN to print only black and white. The $8,000 / gal color ink is used as a solvent to keep the black one running. Gotcha. Checkmate. My one star rating reflects all these factors. Over a few days use I found this unit worked pretty smoothly as advertised, and produced quick, lovely output. However, that's for a few days. Over months or years, this is about as wise as accepting those heroin samples. The only small business which would be advised to get something like this would be one that prints photos every day, such as a real estate agent. If your work is mostly text, stay away from inkjet, any inkjet. For day to day work with documents, you will be better off with a small b/w laser which also scans, such as one of the Brother units. These are about the same price with lower consumable cost and higher reliability, and none of the trickery on the refills. Ideal for home office? For the first week maybe.
UPDATE: Originally, I gave this hose 5 stars but after using them (I bought 3) for a while, I've changed my opinion. Yes, the hoses appear to be well made and are lighter weight than my old professional grade rubber hoses, but Flexogens are still heavy. These Flexogen hoses DO kink, and they kink easily. The only way to reduce the kinking is to completely unroll the entire 100 feet of hose from the reel, lay it flat on the grund, and then turn and turn and turn (twist/rotate) it until it lays completely flat -- make sure there are no "waves" or loops. I pulled about 50 feet off the hose reel and, holding the end, walked across my yard. I did not stop to twist out the waves and loops that it formed while unrolling. The hose formed 9 kinks! What a pain in the hand, elbow and shoulder to straighten it! This process wastes time. The second problem is after I screw on my hose wand and turn on the water, this hose becomes unwieldy. The hose turns so that my wand is upside down. It requires a LOT of effort to twist the hose and hold it so the wand sprays downward--requires using both hands. Fighting this hose is painful, very tiring and aggravating. When you rewind it onto a hose reel, the hose twists and turns, causing it to again form waves and loops, which become kinks. Again, you have to twist, rotate, etc. to get all the waves/loops out so the hose lays flat and straight on the ground. As you reel it in, you have to stop and repeat the process. My old commercial-grade hose never did anything like this. You can buy the professional/commercial grade hoses (100 ft) at big box stores and clubs for about $25. Don't buy the Flexogen. Due to age and arthritis in my hands, I needed to replace my heavy, rubber commercial-grade garden hoses with lighter weight, easier-to-maneuver hoses. I was barely able to wind the old rubber hoses on the hose reel or drag them around the yard. After reading reviews on Amazon and other places for garden hoses, I chose this hose. I'm glad I did. While it's still heavy, it weighs considerably less than my commercial-grade rubber hose. It's easier to wind on the reel and easier to drag around the yard. The Amazon description calls this a "lightweight" hose. It is NOT light. It's substantial. I found a local store that had this hose in 25-, 50- and 75-ft lengths. I was able to lift each and compare to heavy duty hoses of the same length. I couldn't feel much of a difference, so I definitely would call this a medium- to heavy-weight hose (but lighter than my rubber one). This hose is easier to handle than my old rubber ones because it's more flexible. (I suspect that my old hoses have stiffened over the years. )I've only used one (I bought 3 of these) for about 1. 5 weeks. It's been too hot, too muggy and too rainy to use it much, but I'm pleased so far. I believe this hose is a very good quality and should last many years. The solid brass fittings are thick so they won't get dents that cause leaks. Because I haven't dragged it around the yard yet, I cannot say whether it really is a "no-kink" hose. I recommend this hose because o the quality. UPDATE: Kinks Easily & Difficult to Handle.
I purchased 6 of these hoses with what was supposed to be a lifetime guarantee. After a short time, the end on one of the hoses started leaking so I contacted the manufacturer and got a replacement. A year later another hose started leaking and I got another replacement. Then another hose started leaking but the company would no longer honor the warranty! Now Gilmour is selling them. But it's the same hose - "Flexogen". The hose itself it actually quite good if you don't mind replacing the hose ends eventually, I've had to replace every end on every Flexogen hose that I have. Keep in mind that I bought hoses from Flexogen but that company no longer exists and Gilmour would not honor the warranty on those hoses even though Gilmour is now selling them. Also note that Flexogen is a patented hose. Lifetime warranty isn't much good when the company gets bought or taken over by another company and the new company (Gilmour) won't honor the warranty. And who wants to have to keep sending in hose parts to get a replacement every year or two. Let me reiterate, Gilmour would not honor the warranty on my Flexogen hoses. I wrote to them multiple times and was told (without explanation) that Gilmour would not replace the defective hoses. If you buy these hoses expecting a lifetime warranty, you may not get it. On the Gilmour website, there is no longer any information relating to Flexogen hose warranty or on how to have a Flexogen hose replaced. On Amazon, it does say "This heavy-duty garden hose is made in the USA and backed by a lifetime guarantee". It also says Lifetime Guarantee on the front of the hose package. Gilmour is now owned by the Robert Bosch Corp. , so probably even less chance of getting a warranty replacement. Not As Good As It Looks!
I am with a very small number of reviewers here that I have to wonder how this silly thing got that many positive reviews. I have a small backyard, but was constantly attacked by mosquitoes everytime I went out. I have no standing water or what so ever. My neighbors might, but this thing is supposed to cover an whole acre. I followed the instruction, hung it a good distance from the porch and let it go. Oh, I also add the flowtron tape that came with the device to the bottom. A few zaps here and there, but nothing spectacular. I left it on out there for a week, and saw no difference. Still got attacked by mosquitoes. Two weeks, same thing. After a month, I gave up and took it down. There is no point to waste electricity. Oh, it served one purpose: light up that corner of the yard some. So, don't waste your hard-earned money on this thing and electricity. I am almost sure you will be disappointed. This thing will go on my next trip to Goodwill. It does nothing - waste of money.
This light is pretty worthless. It kills lots of moths and other non-biting bugs but didn't put a dent in the mosquito or fly population. I got this as an alternative to my unreliable SkeeterVac but it does not work and is equally unreliable. The bulbs blew after 1 season. Replacement bulbs are $40 each plus shipping. It takes 2. That is $90 for 2 bulbs and I only paid $80 for the whole unit. Thanks but no thanks. Unfortunately, the only thing I've found that actually catches mosquitoes is the propane powered devices. They are all unreliable too. Skip the zappers and traps and use deet. Great for killing moths. Too bad they don't bite.
Currently I hate this thing. I may need to oil it/adjust it or make some other modifications but it squeaks of metal on metal and cuts about 1/3rd of the grass I pass over with it. I found a manual mower like this in the yard of the first home I bought and used it for years. It was better than any mower I've ever owned. This seems to perform like a cereal box toy imitation of what a manual push mower is supposed to be like. Pooptastic. I will update this review if I am able to modify it to actually cut grass, but out of the box it seems to make far too many blade passes per distance traveled to ever perform well. Also the last model I had had two counter-rotating blades and this only has one rotating in one direction against a stationary blade/block. Currently I hate this thing.
I was really looking forward to trying out a reel mower and living a life of maintenance free mowing. It didn't work out. The second time I used it, the grass had gotten a little high, so there was a lot of back and forth action. It took forever, really. I know that this product isn't meant for that, but that was my situation. Anyway, as I was finishing the handle came apart. There are four wingnuts and bolts holding the assembly together, and one on each side had apparently worked their way off while I was mowing without me noticing. The third one came off as I was putting it away and the handle came apart. Yeah, I was putting a lot of stress on it compared to a regular mowing, but that should not have happened. I followed the assembly instructions to the letter. It was really a very simple assembly. I didn't miss any steps or try to do it without reading the instructions, though. I was very disappointed with this product. If you have a flat yard and are going to be able to keep it mowed short without ever letting it get out of hand AT ALL (like leaving town for a couple weeks), this mower may be for you. If you have a sloped, lumpy yard, do not buy this product. Just don't. It is so hard to use. I honestly think I would like it if I had a nice, flat yard, but as it is this thing was worthless to me. Broke on Second Use.
Save your money - Use Styrofoam cups with a blend of soils - this was a ridiculous and very expensive attempt at greenhouse gardening… Zip results even as used specialized starting soil as recommended.
I read the other reviewers who had similar problems before I bought this. I also read the reviews raving about this hose. Since these hoses are maid from remnants; I suppose its a matter of luck as to which hose you get. My luck wasn't good. The hose had permanent kinks and the vinyl skin had bubbles where it was separating from the hose. Returned it immediately. Kinked hose with vinyl separating - Returned!
This grill has one major flaw… surprised it is still being sold due to product liability. The utterly inadequate ash/ember pan allows a mild breeze to blow the ash and embers out onto flamable surfaces… like your deck, your pine straw, or house. For an extra 50 bucks you can get an upgraded model that has an enclosed ash/ember containment system. If you live in areas prone to dryness or wildfires, you could be taking a big chance with this unsafe grill. I love the way a Weber cooks, but this model is needlessly risky. And if you have one of these grills, take precautions like putting a metal bucket under this grill. A paint can works nicely and you can buy clean empty paint cans at Lowes. This will help reduce the fire risk and will keep ash from blowing around wildly… it also makes getting rid of ash an easy task. If you value the property you live in, or think you owe your neighbors some due diligence, avoid this flame thrower. Big, Big, Fire Hazard… go for model with enclosed ash catcher.
The coons steal the bait from this trap at will. I've had to re-engineer the trigger to even trip as a bowling ball rolled into it wouldn't engage the trip at first. They advise putting bait past trip plate, but the coons just reach through the mesh and get the bait, another serious design flaw. There are traps that work, this just in NOT one of those. Save your money! Useless trap, horrible design.
Yes, these are way easier to open. I have a near phobia about things that snap.. especially mouse traps. I can not, physically it is impossible for me to open an old board/metal mouse trap. I know, weird, but it just freaks me out! So, I got these and was so excited! We keep our dog food in the garage and pet food draws mice. Every spring/fall we get them in the food or the garage itself. So I tried these traps. Lots of them. I go for total overkill (pun intended) when it comes to killing anything lower than my ankles! Well, these do NOT kill anything. They spent weeks with nothing in them. But the old mouse traps (my hubby sets them) had about one every few days. He just reset his and laughed at my 'old lady' traps. Sigh. I know these look great, and they are super easy to use, but they will not kill anything. I have now read the other reviews and have no idea how anyone could give these a positive review. Also, the thought of having a LIVE mouse to deal with? What a gross, awful, torturous hassle. No thanks. Hope this helps! Absolute JUNK. Stick with the old traps.
I purchased these refills at the same time that I purchased the flea trap. There are no fleas in this area who are willing to step on these sticky discs. As a result, the flea trap is of no use to me. These refills are of no use to me as well and that is why I can give only one star. They cost only $5. 76 which is too small an amount to consider returning this item. I plan to offer the flea trap and the refills on the local freecycle website in case there is someone who has a flea problem and wants to try this option. Useless To Me.
The pruner will not release easily if you grab hold of a branch a little too thick, and at five feet away it's not always the easiest thing to do to notice if that branch is an 1/8th inch too thick. As a result, it broke on the second day. Amazon replaced with another, which broke due to same issue, but this time was too late to return. I bought another, more expensive one that I am happy with and I would recommend it to anyone else: ARS LA-180ZR203 4-to-7-Feet Long Reach Pruner Two different ones broke.
I have a large piece of property in Arizona that requires the removal of bushes from time to time and I figured this looked like the perfect tool to cut the main trunk/branches of a dessert bush; NOT!!!!! It was worth a try, but it is clumsy and will not cut through most of the fibrous shoots of a typical desert bush. I am back to the pick and spade. I have many tools for tree limbs that do a much better job than this. I'll give it to my brother. :>)Note: My rating is strictly for the said application. Not for bushes.
I have been doing yard work for 40 years, so I am no "backyard rookie". This pruner fell apart the very first time I used it. The "PowerGear" fell off and couldn't be reattached firmly to the pruner. I have used other Fiskar products many times and had normal expectations confirmed. Despite what a few other reviewers might say, everyone has the right to state accurate facts about a faulty product. Poor products deserve bad reviews, both to inform the manufacturer and to warn prospective purchasers about problems encountered. Amazon expects no less. I have processed the return package to send it back to Amazon and will try another unit. That said, I reserve the right to change my opinion should the second unit function properly. Interesting Concept--Bad Execution.
This would have been a zero star review if I could have done that. Yellowjackets would fly around it but would not enter. After three weeks I tried to return and Amazon didn't even want the POS returned, just gave me a credit. I guess not having to return it is worth one star. Useless - They Didn't Even Want It Back.
Don't waste your time or money on this peace of pretty plastic. Using the bait that came with it and the bait refills I bought extra, it never trapped one yellow jacket in an area well populated with the little pests. Save your money and get a good fly swatter and some spray for the nests. At total waste of money.
We had hundreds of wasps in our tree so I ordered one of these, followed the instructions and waited for the massacre. NOT ONE DEAD WASP after 3 weeks of use. I changed bait for 3 more weeks, nothing. I changed bait again and still nothing after another month. I half expected the wasps to build a nest around it. Bah, annoying. No dead wasps :(.
I have a time to time yellow jacket problem where I live so I bought a yellow jacket trap and this bate to help with the problem. I followed the instructions and hung it in an area well populated with yellow jackets. I left it there for weeks and it never trapped one yellow jacket. Yesterday I took it down and threw it in the trash. Waste of money. Save your money.
I know the difference between yellow jackets, honey bees, bumble bees, paper wasps, and bald faced hornets. It was yellow jackets that were harassing my hummingbirds at the feeder. With the originally supplied attractant I caught no yellow jackets in this trap. With Dr. Pepper I caught one in a week. Another bait might have worked better but the Rescue reusable trap with apple juice worked somewhat so I stopped using the one-time use trap. Almost Worthless.
I am guessing the 'attractant' used in these traps is derived from poop. WORD TO THE SQUEAMISH- this bag will be FULL OF FLIES, and the whole thing will be pulsing from the dying wing-beats of the hundreds (thousands? ) of flies inside the bag. It is NOT for the faint of heart. YUCK. It's giving me the shivers just to look at the picture. Flies are gross, a clear bag full of horse poop smell and dying/dead flies is worse! Find a different solution. smells like horse dung.
When I received this product, the bolt to tighten the baffler was not the correct size so I called the manufacturer. They were quick to respond and sent me a second whole bird feeder. The issue with the second one is that it was missing all of the hardware. Since I received this as part of the Vine program, I was not going to waste any more of my time trying to get this manufacturer to ship out the correct parts. We gerryrigged the baffler, but it makes removing it to put more seed in very laborious. So far after 2 weeks no birds. It does take awhile to get birds to a new feeder. Why the one star? Too expensive and the manufacturer has obvious problems with packaging. Not worth the time and money. Buy something for less money. A hint on keeping squirrels away from feeders is to remove any from areas where squirrels can jump to. We have six feeders and no squirrels. Now deer are another thing altogether! Not Worth the Money!
Issues with the feeder:-the nut that is to secure the top hook to the cover is tiny in size and ill fitted to the size of the hook. It was impossible to secure it, and thus the top wobbles a bit. -tube plastic, part holding the seeds, is a bit thin. It has to be squeezed slightly in order for the 2 prongs that hold the top on to be inserted, which gives me concern it will not hold up well in windy conditions. -seeds (1/4 to 1/2 cup) fall out of the bottom when filling the container and/or anytime the feeder is set on a solid surface. -bottom portion wiggles around the tube, seems way to loose, maybe that is why so many seeds fall out. -It does hold a lot of seeds, but the rather flimsy construction and materials gives me pause for concern. Especially considering the entire thing is held together by 2 tiny prongs, one in each side of the tube top. observation:-only very small birds have room to land on the tiny perches-the holes to feed from are very small, and there is a gap between the opening and where the seeds actually are, so again, only a small bird head will fit inside the hole to reach the seeds. Opinion:For the price, currently $73 on Amazon, there are better, more sturdy options. I have and currently use several cheaper and better feeders than this one. **Edit Oct 3, 2013 -- So after only a few weeks, I had to take down the feeder as the bottom was falling out. And changing the rating from 2 stars to 1. not the best.
All of the reviews criticizing the design are correct. The link between the bottle and the suction cup assembly is fatally flawed. On the feeder I received, the glass blob and the runners on the suction cup frame fit together so tightly that there's no way to get the feeder off the frame when it's stuck to a window. Once it's on the window you have to wrestle the entire assembly off to refill, and then go through the tortuous process of remounting the suction cups. Good news/bad news - the feeder is so cheap that it's not worth paying the postage to send it back. Despite the much higher cost, I think the only maker of hummingbird feeders worth buying is Aspects. Hopelessly badly designed.
This arrived on the 19th and I started using it the last week of Feb. It is now March 4th and it has stopped working. No, it is not the light bulb, I changing it a few times and still nada. So about 7 - 10 days use and it is broken already. Total waste of money. Already stopped working after a few weeks.
The only thing in this that should be there is sugar. The rest is stuff you shouldn't be adding to your feathered friends diet. This stuff is also three times the price of baker's sugar from any old grocery store, four times the price of regular granulated sugar that takes a little longer to dissolve. This is a bad buy, bad for the birds and bad for your pocket. Don't risk the birds and waste your money.
I picked up some of this mix last summer at a local agricultural center. It's an old brand that is easy to find, and the price was right. My first outing with it last summer was a total bust. I mean I mixed the stuff, put it out in two nice clean feeders and saw nothing get attracted to it but ants and bees. If any hummingbirds did bother to stop by and sample it, they were obviously disappointed for they never came back. Personally I never eyed a single one hovering over it. At first I thought that I may have gotten started with feeding them too late. I live in New England where we only get one species of hummer that comes this far north, (the ruby throated). It's important to get your feeders up in early spring and then they will find it and remain loyal to you. But this spring I was johnny on the spot with the feeders and the same no show was going on. I decided to try another brand of mix after this last outing. (I know you can make it at home easier and cheaper, but just not worth the mess and trouble to me. Just my opinion, but its stands). I decided to try the Mills Brothers nectar after reading the positive reviews for it here on Amazon. Within just a week of flushing the old feeders and putting in the Mills brand, I had two dedicated hummers dining regularly at my troth. I love it. It's definitely a little pricier than this mix, but well worth it, trust me. I don't really know if any other brand or home made mix would do the same trick as the Mills, but I don't really care. I found something that's reasonably priced, easy to use, and the hummers love it so I am sticking with it. In conclusion, I don't bother to get involved in the debate about this Perky Pet stuff being junk food or bad for the hummers. Personally I think that a lot of folks get a little too excited and go overboard with the panic over additives and colorings etc. My main disappointment and concern with this stuff is strictly limited to the hummers not liking it. It may have something to do with my dismal results being that I am forced to only deal with one species of hummer here, but the end result is that this Perky Pet mix has been a complete failure for me, and the Mills Brothers a hit even this early on in the season. I have left a link to the Mills brand, and my recommendation is that you skip this stuff and go for what seems to really work… Mills Brothers Hummingbird Food 3-Ounce Packet, 3-Pack No Flocks Of A Feather.
There is no reason for the manufacturer to put red food coloring into this mix. There are numerous concerns about the effect on hummingbirds. This is reason enough to not buy this product. Buy a product without the dye. Better yet, just buy sugar. Use 4 parts water and 1 part sugar. Boil the water first and then add the sugar until dissolved. You will save money and perhaps a hummingbird's life doing this versus buying dye tainted food. Hummingbird food is only sugar with coloring. CAUTION. DO NOT use artificial sweeteners or honey, use only sugar. Honey and sugar substitutes will malnourish and quickly kill hummingbirds. Sugar Only! Why the dye?
Hummingbirds are wonderful. They're amazing, unique birds, but you don't need to buy anything expensive to draw them to your yard. If you want a feeder, try this one:Perky-Pet Glass 8-Ounce Hummingbird Feederor something similar. I've used this type for years and you can't beat the fact that it's glass, and that you can buy new bee guards. (They get moldy. Don't bleach… replace. You can get a good feeder for about ten bucks and it will last for years. As far as food, you can do two things. Plant plants that hummers and butterflies and bees like; or buy a gallon of distilled water and some quality sugar. You don't need red dye, and shouldn't use it. It's bad for the Hummers. I was going to send a Feeder to my nieces, and when I looked at this product I was appalled to find that Perky Pet is still producing such a formula. Their bad. It's cheap to have hummingbirds. And easy to make your own hummer-chow. Don't buy this. Don't Use Dyes.
I love Perky-Pet feeders, but they should be ashamed of themselves for selling this. They do not need artificial anything, especially food coloring! All you need to do is bring 4 parts water to a boil, and 1 part white sugar, let boil a couple of minutes and let it cool. If you are too lazy to do this, you shouldn't be feeding hummers. It only takes a few minutes, and you can make more and store it in the fridge for up to 2 weeks. Hummingbirds also get their nutrition from real flower nectar, and small insects. Don't buy this junk!
Big and floppy, When you tighten them it feels like you cut off the blood or they fall down off the knees. floppy.
I wore these twice and they skinned the… out of my knees. Yes, I had the straps adjusted correctly. Won't use them again. Use a kneeling pad instead! The kneeling pad has worked beautifully! No more skinning my knees. Lousy!!!
This does not appear to attract more mosquitos than the light does by itself. The chemical is toxic to touch per the package warnings and it's not easy to get the cartidges into the light as instructed. Save your money… not worth the hassel. No noticeable difference.
Using these in Japan. I have used them previously in Canada. They were sent to me by family since I wouldn't have purchased them again. In my case at least, Octenol seemed to reduce the kill rate… at least the number of zaps I hear throughout the day and night. It was the same back in Canada, at least the kill rate wasn't any better with the cartridges. The other down side to these (if they do have any effect) is that it's highly dependent on the direction and force of the wind. If the mosquitos' hiding/breeding area is downwind of these then great… if not, then what? Given the massive and ongoing cost of these… I would just hang another zapper. I'd be willing to bet that would be MUCH more effective. No difference… seemed to REDUCE the kill rate.
I was having a problem with a groundhog that was loving some of my cabbage plants to death (literally). He ate three to complete stumps in two days and was working on his next one when I got this in the mail. I anxiously set it up and learned much about it in the process. I see most of the people here praising it for getting rid of deer, and it may work well for that because they are large targets. It also does disturb smaller varmints but not in the way I expected. Thie product is very difficult to review because while it works somewhat, a 60 dollar product is not necessary for smaller, less intelligent and less numerous pests. It is probably great for an area infested with pests though, hundreds of deer or tons of groundhogs, but something much simpler could be used in your average garden setting. The idea of the product is cute and simple enough. It is a motion sensor attached to a sprinkler. If the Scarecrow sees anything that moves, it fires the sprinkler off for about five seconds. It then waits 8 seconds and repeats. The problem is that with smaller varmints, they can hide behind the plants, and when the Scarecrow is aimed low, every plant movement (breeze blowing a cucumber leaf) sets it off unless you turn the sensitivity down so far that it won't go even off with you dancing in front of it. When set to scare away smaller pests, this device falses constantly on plant movement and only sees the varmints if they are totally exposed in front of it, which rarely happens in my garden jungle. The motion sensor concept doesn't work well because everything moves in the garden including the plants. It has a false detector that suppoesdly automatically shuts down the sensitivity if it is falsing too much. It doesn't work well. We have watched the Scarecrow go off every 10 seconds for an hour non-stop with nothing in front of it but plants moving in a very light breeze. The good thing, and the dichotomy for me, is it appeared to get rid of the pest. We have not seen the groundhog since and my few cabbages left are doing OK. So for that, I wanted to give it a much better rating than I otherwise would. The sprinkler does appear to scare away most animals, but it cost me $60 to save $10 worth of cabbage. Cats, dogs, groundhogs, squirrels, rabbits, etc. appear to be driven away by it. And the battery has lasted several weeks. I just can't give it anything but one star because it doesn't work the way it claims and is very expensive for the average Joe. The device works more like a random sprinkler shooting water at random time intervals depending on the breeze. A better product, and one that is actually affordable, would be one you set up that randomly fires a sprinkler every few minutes. It would be much cheaper and just as effective. You may be able to recreate it with a timing device that runs on a battery and a $7. 00 sprinkler, or just a generic timed sprinkler you use when you notice a pest is bugging your plants. But if you have tons of deer, then this may be your only viable solution short of a major fence or wall. There is another reason the product is very annoying. You have to have it hooked up to the hose all the time. I have to have a hose reeled out across my lawn at all times to reach the garden from the water faucet on my house. It is in the way much of the time, so has to be moved about all the time for family gatherings, lawn mowing, kids want to play in yard etc. But I did discover an alternate use!! Kids love running in front of the Scarecrow. :-) OK, now would you pay $60 to entertain your kids? OK, so sell it as that. Much more useful for that purpose. If marketed as a garden tool, the motion sensor should possibly be a heat sensor or something that can discern better between mammalian presence and a leaf in the wind. The sprinkler is little more than a cheap lawn sprinkler attachment. I am very torn in my rating because here is a device that basically did what I wanted it to do, scared away a varmint eating my plants. It has a major cool factor and is a fun conversation piece loved by the kids. But it falses constantly and is difficult to deal with unless you want to run an underground hose to it and it is expensive. I am giving it one star because it works, kind of, but it is not what it advertises itself to be. A motion sensor cannot work in a dense garden for small animals. BUT YOUR KIDS WILL LOVE IT! This would get 5 stars as a kids' toy!! So maybe as a combinational use product it gets more stars? KIDS LOVE THIS THING!! 5 Star Kids Toy!!
I added teflon to the water connections, and still leaked but the sensor would not work with the water on. Dry test worked fine i would hear the click. But once I added the water and did nothing. My home is a 1990s house with great water pressure and this device was just terrible. I also tried the havahart water auto sprinkler and both are great in theory but are terrible on real conditions. Not Great.
I don't own these but saw them at a flea market. No question in my mind why they were up for sale (but should have gone in the trash IMO! ) My friend discovered -- the hard way! -- that these deliver a VERY unpleasant shock if touched to human skin! Mind you, this friend is a large manly guy, not easily affected, yet he howled and dropped it! So you can imagine the jolt of voltage that must have been involved here! I would not want my children in the same room with these devices, nor my father with his pacemaker, or even my pets to inadvertantly come in contact with the live zapper screen. What were they thinking!?!?!? UNSAFE! If I could give them zero stars I would!
This is the cheapest made product I've ever owned. To insert the 2 batteries, there is no flap that you open. You have to take the whole handle apart with a screwdriver, then the circuit board falls out and the 2 switches fall out to the floor. Insert the batteries, put circuit board and switches back in, insert each tiny tiny screw and the nut (3 each), hoping the screw doesn't fall out while you're holding the nut. Are you kidding? I'm returning this, because I don't want to go through this each time i need to change the batteries. I just bought another one that uses 2 D size batteries, you just insert the batteries into the flip open compartment in the handle. Junk.
I bought this product along with composter (compost wizard jr. 7 cubic foot compost tumbler). First, I examined the box trying to find ingredients, none of them was listed, so who knows what it is. It made me feel uncomfortable, because I do not know if it is there natural ingredient or some kind of chemical. Also, I would like to do some research on this product if it really works or not, but since there is no disclosure of ingredients, you stuck to "take their word for it". Plus, what if you have an allergy for it, but since their no information what inside; it can be a simple dust as far as I know. Second, I followed the directions and added this mystery chemical into my compost. I do not think it made a difference at all. My composter does its job with or without it just fine, it is black and generates a lot of heat, I water it or add greens to keep it moist, and turn it weekly. Did not feel any speed up whatsoever. Nature and composter do what they supposed to do without this gimmick. Don't waste your money!! To speed up the composting and introduce viable bacteria, I added (as book on composting recommended) about a gallon of already made compost which already contains all the necessary bacteria and organisms, so they can start working on new pile of compost. Another sales gimmick.
Besides the cost of propane and attractant cartridges you have to buy about every 21 days, you need to figure in the cost of using 1 of the CO2 Quick-clean cartridges at each tank refill, at a cost of about $4 each. Depending on what you pay for the propane, attractant and CO2 cartridges, it sums up to a cost of $20 around or more at each tank refill. Since you have to refill the propane tank, replace the attractant and use the Quick-clean every 21 days, this adds up to an operating cost of over $400 per year! I'm posting this because it is something you may need to budget for and should seriously consider before buying. Expensive to run.
It worked great for one season but when I went to start it up for this season it wouldn't start. I did everything the manual and website said to do when I put it away last fall and did everything the manual and website said to start it up this spring, including wasting three of the "clean out" cartridges and it still doesn't work. Plan on buying a new one every year if this is the one you choose. Their tech support does not answer emails and the wait for them to answer the phone is nearly endless. Bottom line: avoid this product. The others are right.
This product is a waste of money. It will only last for one season and its' effetiveness was minimal. Two other folks on the street bought one as well and had the same experience. After mine stopped working (the first time), customer service was marginal at best. I live in the south and I got a little desperate to solve the misquito problem. Save your money and buy more cans of bugs spray. Stand in your backyard and swat flies… it would be more effective.
One of the costliest mistakes I ever made was purchasing this device (actually two of them! ) to control mosquitoes in the yard. Yes, it caught mosquitoes, but it did not eliminate the problem; the yard was still a mosquito zone despite two operating machines. The problem was that while the machine does catch mosquitoes, it does not catch enough of them to make a serious dent in the overall population. It was not until I sprayed the yard with Cutter Bug-Free BackyardCutter Bug Free Backyard 32 oz Ready-to-Spray Hose End Insect Repellent Concentrate HG-61067, that I finally got rid of the mosquitoes. I did not like this product for many reasons: it had a high initial cost, it required replacing the Octenol attractant (more $$), and the propane tank needed refilling about every 3-4 weeks (more $$). In addition, it needs an electrical cord plug-in nearby, and one has to replace the mosquito catch nets (more $$). Basically, it costs too much to operate, takes too much on-going maintenence time and effort, and most importantly, it did not eliminate the pesky mosquitoes! So now I have two of these things taking up space in my shed. I will not sell the devices because they simply do not work to control mosquitoes. They will be future landfill items. Save your hard-earned dollars and avoid this product and its clones. Use the Cutter Bug-Free Backyard spray instead. konedog A Colossal DUD at Mosquito Control.
Expensive hunk of junk. Orig. purchase date Nov. 2006, after the first one we'd bought quit working just a little after the warranty period ended. The 'head' on this Defender has been repaired three times and replaced twice. If you get a replacement head from them, there is no additional warranty past your original purchase date (even though they sent you a new one! ). Save your money for something else. Ours is dead again. We purchased an inexpensive replacement plan through Amazon, but we're done with the Defender-we're throwing it away. The bad reviews echoed.
I bought these last fall thinking they'd be great to trim the grass along the walk way. I don't remember using them at all last year; today I pulled them out of the storage space in the garage and discovered the blades refuse to close together. They stay open about an inch and a half! There is no way to adjust the closure space so I guess I just paid for a piece of junk. Too bad, the other Fiskar products we have are great. They missed to boat on this one and need to go back to the drawing board. These Are Junk.
I thought I liked the idea at first and am glad I waited to write a review because when we first got it we were so excited and could not wait to put them in everything until two birds ended up dead and we have more Mosquitos then we know what to do with! We do NOT recommend this to anyone unless you don't care about nature and other living beings! Also if you enjoy getting bit all the time by all means buy this , but I would never again and I had to drop it off at our neighborhood program which we call STOP program which stands for Stop throwing out pollutants because we found out you cannot throw it in your regular garbage cause it is considered a poison! Terrible product! Summit 20 Pack Mosquito Dunk.
After testing 4 areas of soil and a couple of control tests, none of these test results could be trusted. 1. Tested lemon juice fresh from a lemon: pH read "6"… when it should have been the lowest value on the chart or more (pH of nearly 2 is lemon, so these tests give unreliably "alkaline" results). The purified water test also came out "alkaline". All of the yard samples also came up as the most alkaline result, 7. 5. 2. Tested freshly decomposed manure compost exactly to the package directions: none of the K, P, or N tests reacted at all after 10 minutes, 20, 30… or even 24 hours later. Manure compost should at least read "adequate" for nitrogen! None of the soil samples from the yard reacted either, so the indicating agent in the capsules is useless. So, all in all, it was a tremendous waste of money and time. 3/4 tests were useless, 4th was suspect.
No way does this product perform as promised. And what a waste of time it was trying to make it work! I don't think this company considered all the possible railing configurations before making its claims. We have a wooden railing on our deck. At the top of the rail, one 2x4 is on end and it is topped by a 2x4 laying flat. Any which way we tried it, it did not hold, would not grip the railing and kept falling forward. The screws are on the bottom of the L-shaped arms that are supposed to hug the railing. How in the world are you supposed to tighten them when they are facing the railing? Only if you assemble it OFF the railing; then you can't get it ON the railing. (I think I got all the parts: I received the basket, two L-shaped arms, six flat-head screws and six plastic cap nuts. ) Does not work on a 2x4 railing.
I have a few B&D; 18volt tools and I decided to buy a weed whacker and this electric broom. I was in for a surprise. The weed whacker works great and the battery lasts for ever… as an FYI! I charged the battery the day I received it… a full charge of about 18 hours.. to be on the safe side. Put the battery in and went on to do my cleaning around the deck etc… Yes there was air… it was OK.. but not enough to sweep much. 15 minutes later it went to half power, and 10 minutes later it DIED. My first reaction - the battery is bad, lets try a different one and if that is the case I can call B&D; for a warranty replacement. NOT the case… all batteries in this thing died in less then 30 minutes and thus this is useless for me. Other B&D; 18volt tools, including the weed whacker work for 45 minutes plus and usually have full power for the first 30 minutes. Sorry B&D; but this is useless, IMHO. 1/5 Weak, battery hog, and all around useless tool!
Plastic bag with a few metal rings. Within a few weeks the metal had pushed through the plastic edges so water would just run out the sides. The metal also started to rust and the whole thing looks as classy as a bag of trash hanging on a hook. If this was free, you would still not want it. Get a pot and a tomato cage. ;) Junk.
I ordered three of the Topsy Turvy Upside-down Tomato Planters last spring for the summer of 2006, thinking it would be great for saving space in my small garden area. I ordered it and had my husband install hooks on our south-facing back patio. When they arrived, I inserted the plants just as described and filled them with the best possible bagged soil I could find. Not only did they not grow any better than the traditional ground method, but it was too heavy for me to lift up to the hooks. My husband (operates heavy equipment for a living and very strong) even had difficulty doing the lifting once they were filled with soil, both when they were installed and then again when they were taken down in October, with our first frost. If you are not strong enough to lift 50-100 lbs, don't purchase. Considering the trouble I had with this product, I would not purchase this item again, and would recommend that if you have any disabilities as I have or are elderly, try the traditional method. I'm thinking about having my husband build me some small raised beds about 2 feet off the ground! If you are NOT able to lift 50-100 lbs, don't purchase!
Now im a green thumbaholic when it comes to trying anything new in the gardening world. I love the feeling i get when i literally cant wait to open the box and try it out and see the results… Nothing was different when it comes to this topsy turvy. I bought two for my mom and one for myself to test different varieties of tomatoes. Well to make it short, the harvest was embarrassing. I had a crimson cushion in both mine and my mothers plus one in a 1 gallon and one in a 3 gallon pot for the ultimate test of durability, watering, nutes, and overall yield per plant. Well the 3 gallon performed the best, giving me way more than 5 pounds of tomatoes easily every couple weeks. The topsy turvey even underperformed the 1 gallon and thats hard to do. These crimson cushions are HUGE and PLUMP, almost as big but not as dense as a beefsteak and in the T. T. they looked like cherry tomatoes, the color was , flavor was missing, and most of all the beauty of the plant just wasnt there. Great idea gone bad since this a path off of vertical growing. Vertical can get you 10 x the yield of any ordinary plant in any size container, but this is not as good of an idea as originally thought up. Hope this helps, stick to nature and dig a hole, dont have one than buy a 3 gallon pot and reap the benefits. One love my friends Buy a pot or plant in ground,.
This kneeling cushion was used for the sole purpose of gardening. The foam may be water resistant, but it is not very thick and your knees can feel the sticks underneath it. The foam does not have a protective coating like other kneeling pads I have used, and therefore it takes the shape of whatever it is sitting on (for instance your knees and sticks below your pad). The kneeling pad could be improved for gardening; therefore, I would not recommend this product for gardening. Kneeling Cushion not worth the money.
A baby red squirrel… well… this is his dream buffet… attaching photos! I will attach 5 photos as proof… He's a cutie and he is very photogenic! I bought three of these. Scroll down to Customer photos the last 5 photos are mine… It's a very cute squirrel but to call this squirrel proof is totally FALSE! False advertising I am Requesting a Title/Name change for this product!
I only had to keep this for one day to realize that it had a manufacturing defect which may or may not be evident on others. The cutting blade only has a washer on one side. When you try to cut something as large as 2&#34; the blade will bend to the sideand cut into the stop. Bad deal. I returned it for a friskas which I am happy with. possibly defective.
Purchased 4 of these feeders and one of them leaked profusly right away. Sent it back and Amazon replaced it with another one that also leaked. Since then, the other three started leaking also. Don't know if I can still return the entire batch since it has been a couple of months, but I am going to try. I had these same feeders in the past and they lasted several years. Somebody "improved" them. Update: I contacted the manufacturer direct since the Amazon return policy is only good for 30 days and they replaced all four feeders with no hassel whatsoever. Havn't received them yet, so I don't know how these will perform. leaky.
Although I have come to the conclusion that where a product is made is no important to me (it is made in China), I am giving this bird-feeder four stars because it is well-made and very attractive. It looks just like a barn on my daughter's farm. It is red, has a weathervane on top, windows and a metal roof. It is supposed to be a deterrent for squirrels who sit on the bar because they weigh too much. Our backyard squirrels hang upside down on the post and get into anything, but so far they have not been attracted to this feeder. I have the old feeder up in the backyard and the birds loved it. It is just blue and clear plastic- we stopped putting birdseed in it when the new Perky-Pet Country House feeder arrived. It has been up for six-days and today is the first day that I was able to observe a sparrow actually eating seeds from it. Apparently, the birds are taking their sweet time in adjusting to their new source of bird food. We feed our squirrels peanuts I buy by the sack and because we gave a resident feral cat who is blind and old, we also get a possum and very big raccoon coming to our back-door to eat cat food and drink fresh water. This bird-feeder is an attractive addition to our small back yard and I trust that in time our usual back yard birds (Cardinals, Finches, etc. ) will return. The Mourning Doves eat the seed that falls to the ground and since there hasn't been that much activity at the new red feeder, they too aren't visiting us too frequently. I am giving them all time to adjust to their new food source. Well, here is an update: after using this bird house for approximately two months, it has broken. The metal rod that holds the rooster on top (this secures the top of the opening where seeds are poured into) has vanished. This morning I found the roof of the birdhouse on the ground and cannot find the rest of the pieces anywhere. Perhaps an outraged squirrel or large bird came along and broke it to get at the seeds inside. I now would recommend that you do not buy this bird feeder unless you just want it for decoration. Attractive large capacity bird feeder-broke quickly.
As a few others have posted, in here, the quality control on this Chinese unit is poor. The wiring on my unit was reversed. Once I set things right, the unit worked correctly for about four months before complete failure. My battery died in the bargain, due to the unit failure that allowed my battery to drain completely with no load on it except this unit and the solar panel. I'll try one more and then update this review. Update: I just ordered: KINTREX SPC0601 Solar Charge Controller - 7Amp, 100 Watt,… At just $10, on this site, it's a far better deal and has an extra indicator light for low charge condition. The connectors should mate up perfectly if the pictures are accurate. As far as the reversed wiring goes, in all electrical applications with connectors, an exposed contact is normally the ground, coming from a power source. The hot side is recessed and/or shielded to keep you from grabbing it and then a grounded object or contact, which would result in a shock. This scheme is reversed, obviously, in the non-powered side of the circuit, ie. , the thing you're sending the power to that mates with the connection just described. When I called Sunforce's rep, in Canada, and spoke with him, he denied knowledge of any other incidents of reversed wiring. That's really curious, as others have posted about the reversals, as I mentioned, above. UPDATE: 4/2011- The Kintrex unit works flawlessly. You are well-advised to go with it and leave the reviewed unit, as above, alone. It costs much more and is inferior. Wiring was reversed!
Experiments have shown that BPA is harmful to animals with negative impacts on functions including development, metabolism, reproductive activity and many more (E. g. , see Science Daily "Harmful effects of bisphenol A demonstrated experimentally", January 22, 2013, or Google for a very long list of other articles. The danger of BPA has pretty well become common knowledge at this point and doesn't seem to be disputed. )I emailed Aspects to ask if this feeder contains BPA because it was not clear that it did not. I received a reply from Carol that Aspects does use BPA in this and all their other polycarbonate feeders. She also said they have no current intent to make a BPA-free feeder. Let's encourage them to change that stance! I think it goes without saying that we should not be feeding our beautiful wildlife chemicals that harm them if we care about them as much as we like to think we do. Even if one isn't concerned about the first generation of hummingbirds, consider the likely possibility that the chemicals are also transferred to offspring during gestation and may accumulate through generations. Furthermore, consider the food chain and the general fact that we're putting these chemicals out in our environment. Nalgene and other companies have removed BPA from their plastics and still make very strong and aesthetic plastics without it. This feeder has many _great_ properties, but it's not the only feeder with them; personally I will buy alternatives until Aspects decides to make a BPA-free hummingbird feeder to purchase one of theirs. I would love to see them do so. Made with bisphenol A (BPA) a chemical known to harm reproductive ability, development, and metabolism in animals.
Before ordering, I was afraid of having a cheap plastic bearing inside. No where in the internet, including manufacturer's web site, I could check the spec on this part, nor anyone of reviewers commented on the type of ball inside. This one does incorporates metal ball bearing, but have a similar characteristics as $0. 99 plastic part, badly leaking water at the joint. Time wasted to make it function like a simple shut-off valve, in order to save time required on returning, just priceless. Now, I understand why unusually high number of negative feedback on this junk. Over last few years, we have become so acquainted to junk imported from China, it's just amazing how some users will tolerate badly designed and manufactured pats. I had no idea that designing a water shut-off valve was such a difficult task, that requires a special skill. It's made to leak, no matter how much connector is tightened. I thought Gilmour was a reputable American manufacturer, and I'm totally off. Do engineers at Gilmore check the prototype before sending its design to full production, or do marketing people actually check if it's viable product? Please do not write reviews without thoroughly checking them first, or post phony reviews your untruthful reviews are wasting other people's valuable time. Piece of Junk.
This would be a great timer. It is easy to set. Keeps the settings when you change batteries. Resists water. Allows manual override and lets you remove the timer from the valve to program. The big problem that it shares with most of these timers is lack of reliability. Mine stopped working within a week. The company was very easy to deal with and offered to ship a new one next day but I need a timer now or my plants will die so I will return it to Amazon. Great device but lasted only a week.
Granted, out of the box this API water agitator doesn't look like much. Packaged with (3) metal legs, (4) rubber anchors and (1) metal agitator, set up takes seconds. I slapped in two D cell batteries (not included) and placed this unit into our bird bath. I like the fact that no wiring is required. It is quiet. The continuous agitation does repel mosquitoes. There is a rubber gasket in place to prevent water seepage into the motor housing. Trust me it doesn't work. I'm not a big fan of the snap in metal legs. The legs have fallen out of their slots on more then one occasion. I get about three months juice before its time to replace the batteries. I add algaecide to aid in keeping the water clear. It must work because I see both birds and butterflies dropping in for a visit. Now the bad news. It didn't even make through the summer. The high price tag on this lemon is another reason to think other options. Overpriced Lemon.
I was never able to get this to extend and that was a real pain, especially since I bought it for my wife, who is short and catch reach the top of the van. Also, don't mistake this for an ice scraper; it has rounded edges meant to remove snow without scratching the roof of your vehicle. Didn't work.
The birds don't like it at all… I saw about four just sit at the feeder and try to figure out what they were supposed to do. I think one of the birds actually flipped me off for getting this. If you don't tighten the lid and bottom secure enough the bird seed will spill ALL over your floor, and it's amazing how quickly a full bird feeder will empty on the ground. I would have to say that I can't see how a squirrel would get to the food… I will say that about it. But what good is it if the birds don't get to it either? I'll probably go back to one of the others and just feed the squirrels with the birds. P. O. S.
As mentioned in other reviews, this is NOT for cars and trucks. I bought it for use on the riding mower, filling smaller cans and for my dual sport bike. It's virtually impossible to fill any of these without spilling. But worst of all, it split along the seam at the top and sloshes gas out when carrying and fills it's storage area with fumes. Forget it! Dangerous as well as inconvenient.
I have this and several other cans with this new stupid design (thanks liberals) due to all the tree hugging environmentalists. You end up spilling more gas with these new cans and need 3 hands to try and use it with some success. These are worse for the environment then the old style which were fine. useless and difficult to use, spills.
I purchased this fuel can because I have a small diesel Kubota Tractor. I needed a five gallon can in order to fill the tractor's tank. The tank on the tractor is conveniently located on the top of the tractor. I have found it pretty much impossible to fill the tractor with diesel from this can without spilling all over myself, and all over the ground, creating both a safety and environmental problem. The ill conceived idea behind this gas can is that the pour spout is rigid and you have to rest a lever on the pour spout on the rim of the gas tank, pushing up on the lever, and then releasing the flow of gas. This does not work at all. You end up having to manually pull the lever up with your hand. Remember the can is 5 gallons, and it is too heavy to try and support with one hand. So, for this device to even come close to working, you need at least 3 hands, and preferably four. In frustration, you finally take the pour spout off, and pour directly from the can into the tank, which pours diesel all over yourself. Making the device even more useless, it does not have a vent opening anywhere, so even under ideal circumstances, you can not pour from it. One wonders if they even ever tried to use this thing before they sold it. AVOID! ! ! Useless and Dangerous.
Too heavy and kink. Hard to carry around. Expensive to much for female gardener. I am not able to drug around to water my flower beds. Foolish to buy the wrong hose.
These are essentially fancy leather welding gloves. Welding gloves have to protect you from being burned by spatters of molten metal, that cool almost immediately upon landing on a surface at room temperature. Cooking mitts, on the other hand, need to be able to hold a 400 degree object for many seconds without transmitting the heat. They also need to insulate even if they're wet. I found that this glove, despite being well made and attractive, is no good for holding hot items. At best, it protects hand and arm while grilling, if you're using tongs, lets say, over a very hot fire. Just don't expect to be able to hold a hot pan for more than a couple of seconds before the heat is conveyed directly to your tender skin and you have to put it down immediately or drop it. Good for welding, terrible for cooking.
I LOVED this filler & gauge, until I started blowing tires. I had a hunch the low price for this gauge was too good to be true. Although the convenience of the filler/deflator is fantastic, the quality of the gauge itself is horrible. After blowing two tires on one recent trip, I used two other quality gauges to verify the pressure. It turned out that my tires were all over inflated by 15-20 PSI. I filled them cold like I always do (either in the evening or the morning), but they were way over inflated. This had never happened to me before. I have two of these inflators (one in the garage and one in the RV), so I pulled out the other one to double-check the gauge on that one. Compared to my other two high-quality gauges, that one was off by almost 10 PSI too. So I threw both of these in the trash and stopped using them. It's a shame too, because I loved these things. It's not worth it if the gauges aren't accurate though. Horrible Gauge.
Written in the blush of new ownership: Let's be clear, this is not a go into the forest and cut wood for the winter chainsaw. I bought this saw to use as a shop tool for preparation of blanks for woodturning. Having said that, it cuts very well, has sufficient power for the purpose, is not too loud and is well balanced. It is well made for the duty for which it is designed. Several have reported that the sprocket gear was plastic. Mine is metal. It looks like it might be pretty light, but it is metal. I expect it to hold up well under the use that I intend for it. I would expect it to hold up for normal home tree maintenance use. I would not expect it to hold up to days of bucking logs. Cold experience: Over the past 10 months or so, I have cut about 10 short log sections into chunks and cut some vertically for bowl blanks. I don't think this constitutes a lot of use. The painted name on the bar is barely marred. The chain is still quite sharp. Today I was cutting a log vertically which is the easiest cut for a saw as you are cutting with the grain. Chain is nice and sharp, everything is great, except suddenly the motor is running and the chain is still. Fast forward through a lot of diagnostic stuff to learn that the sprocket in the inside of the saw is in fact plastic and has in fact melted. I was looking at the outside sprocket when I said it was metal. My money was completely wasted. This saw is junk as a number of other reviewers stated. The best part of the whole thing was when I called Poulan customer service at 3:55 PM Central time and was told that the "general questions" section was closed, their hours being from 8:00 to 4:30 Central time. I can't speak for customer service but their engineering department is clearly closed. Avoid this purchase. Early impressions tempered by longer term results.
These are not brass. They are made from cheap pot metal (recycled mix of aluminums) covered with a thin brass plating. (The similar looking Orbit brand is made this way too. ) They will work well for a while, long enough to lure you into writing a great review for them, but they will eventually fuse to the real brass fitting on your hose and your faucet and may not be removable without ruining both your hose and the faucet on your house. Before they get to that state, as the metal deteriorates, they will begin to dribble, so you will be tempted to tighten them further, making later removal impossible without damaging your hose and faucet. Since the metal is aluminum, not brass, the inserted piece will scratch a bit each time you insert it or detach it, and over time this accumulation of wear will cause it to leak at the fitting. The black plastic over the fittings will twist and fail to grab the knurled metal beneath it, so you may have to use a wrench to install. Again, these will work very well for a year or so, and after that you are cuing up for a big problem. Gilmore alleges a guarantee on these, but other reviews have said they do not respond if you call them on it, so your only recourse would be if Amazon would cover it, which is unlikely at the point where these will start giving you trouble. Either way, they aren't going to pay for your ruined hose fitting and faucet. The good news is that there is a better set available on Amazon, also made by Gilmore, and unless they have cheapened the design or materials since I last purchased them, they are far superior: Gilmour 09QCGT 2-Piece Green Thumb Brass Quick Connector Set for Hose This particular item is trouble so I have a better recommendation.
I purchased two of these with the hopes of feeding a few of the neighborhood birds. I knew instantly this was a mistake, but thought I would give it a try. One lasted only a few days at best. A larger bird actually knocked off the plastic holder that keeps the food in and it all poured straight to the ground. Entertaining to watch and the birds all thought it was great to eat the seed off the ground. The second one lasted a little longer - a few months perhaps, but again, the same thing happened. Food everywhere and a useless feeder. I am back again to find myself two new feeders for this year and thought it would be wise to advise all of you of my experience. Sorry to have to give it a one star, but I can't find a reason to even go for two. Disappointed to say the least.
The instructions for this product are easy to follow and I had it ready to spray, theoretically, within seconds. However the sprayer just wouldn't spray. I checked and replaced the batteries. I took it apart several times and still couldn't get it to work. I read the directions again and noticed a phone number with the pledge that the company's highest objective was to serve the customer. So I called and got a toy company. They informed me that they had been bought by another company and they didn't have a forwarding number. I got on the internet, located a working number, and finally got to talk to a human being after the usual push button 1, then 2, and so on. She said she would be happy to send a replacement product. But I needed to get a specific number off the bottom of the package. I hunted down the package but alas, the number had been defaced. Too bad for me and I was unable to get a replacement. I decided to just sprinkle the product around my flower garden but it didn't have any effect at all. So maybe the liquid needs to be sprayed directly onto the flowers which was impossible to do without the proper sprayer. So basically it was worthless. I've tried other products from this company that worked. Maybe you will have a different experience. Never worked.
it was easy to assemble, it was easy to use and gave a continuous full spray and that's all it did. The rabbits came last night, and I sprayed it about 8 p. m 3 times with the spray being just inches above the plants to give full coverage. I did that 3 times just to be sure and the plants were fine. 10 1/2 hours later, all the 25 ft. row of collarobi (sp) had been eaten down to the ground and the same with the two 25 ft. rows of beets. They even ate the tops off the onions about 5 inches down. It DOESN'T work. All the fancy packaging and the battery powered spray doesn't matter if it doesn't work and it doesn't… I have fence around the entire area so rabbits and squirrels are about all that get in, coons and skunk and deer can't. Save your money… put barbed wire around your garden… UPDATE: I tried this 3 times and nothing worked about it, including the motor on the sprayer. I had to pour it into another sprayer to use it and YES, I turned it off after spraying and I even put new batteries in it and nothing… The spray handle with the motor for spraying was the only thing that worked in the first place and now even it is useless… Havahart DO64MS Deer Off II Deer, Rabbit, and Squirrel Ready-to-Use Repellent with Battery Powered Sprayer.
I ordered this product in desperation. The rabbits and squirrels ate most of my garden. I got this product and applied it around the perimeter of my garden area as the label says not to apply directly to plants you plan to eat. 1 day things were good then my peas disappeared. I am very disappointed. Kept my Garden Safe for 1 Day.
When I saw this offered, I jumped on it. So far the deer had eaten all my lily's, including my day lily's and were beginning to start on my tiger lily's. Add in the echinacea and my beautiful garden was almost gone. As soon as this arrived, I began spraying. Assembly of the unit was easy. Batteries were already installed, so it was simply a matter of unscrewing the cap and placing the siphon hose in the canister and tightening the lid. Unfortunately, the batteries were dead. So a run to the store for new batteries. Try again. The sprayer began spraying when depressing the trigger button. (Batteries should be packaged separately so they don't run down, me thinks)Sprayed the flowers and the area around them. Given the smell of this stuff, I was sure it would work. (Yes you can smell it and it is vile). One caution, don't spray on a windy day if you have to stand downwind of the sprayer. I could feel the hot pepper working in my nose and mouth. Went inside and waited to see what would happen over night - would the deer be back? In a word, yes. From the amount of deer dung (copious amounts) on the ground around my flower beds, it was more like a herd instead of one or two. As I walked closer, two rabbits jumped from the echinacea and hopped across the yard. All the day lily blossoms were gone, as were the heads of my tiger lily's. Does this stuff work? In a word, no. Maybe it's just the wild game around my place, but it seemed to me that Deer Off was more like a salad dressing attracting the animals instead of deterring them. Salad Dressing for Your Garden.
I sprayed this all around my house to deter ground squirrels. Well first of all, it took a couple of minutes for the pump to prime instead of a couple of seconds. Then, when I was about 3/4 of the way around my foundation the sprayer started to sputter and refused to spray any more even though there was still about 1/4 of a bottle left. And last but not least, the squirrels don't seem to be the least bit bothered by the smell. Even my dogs don't seem to be bothered by the smell. In fact, they like to lay down with their noses stuck under the door right where I sprayed the stuff hoping to keep the baby squirrels from squeezing under the door and eating all my dog kibble. Since I live in the burbs, I can't judge how effective it is against deer and rabbits but don't waste your money if you have squirrels. This has absolutely NO effect on the little critters. Squirrels love it.
I was excited to try this product out to protect my roses from hungry deer - but I could not get the battery operated sprayer to prime. It seems an overly complicated design for a simple product. Now I will have to pour it into a traditional sprayer to see if it works. Don't Know If It Works Because It Doesn't Work.
I was so excited to see this offered through Amazon Vine! The deer are making their way around our yard and gardens this summer. They tend to come (and go) in cycles so this was a perfect opportunity to try this product. Or so I thought. Assembly was a cinch. Batteries included (and installed). All I had to do was take off the cap, put the hose in and tighten the cap. Another reviewer hit the nail on the head when they said you have to hold the trigger/hose down low (in order for the liquid to reach the nozzle)… that's how siphoning tends to work:) ~ After just about draining the batteries, the liquid *finally* started coming out. Of course, I had to replace the batteries after I'd been spraying for about three minutes. Not sure if the batteries are cheap, old, or should just come packaged separately with the spray. Within two days, the deer were back and were snacking on my plants. I had tried spraying it at the base of a shepherd's hook as well to deter squirrels from getting at the bird feeder. Well that worked like a charm. Not! This concoction smells quite a bit like vinegar and that's about all I could smell. If you want something that will work and I mean REALLY, REALLY work, try Liquid Fence. I've been using this product effectively for about ten years. You can get it in mixed form (a bit cheaper), or in concentrated form (which is what I buy). That is more expensive, initially, but it is well worth the cost. Here's the link, I hope it works:http://www. amazon. com/Liquid-Fence-113-Repellent-Concentrate/dp/B000NW777E/ref=sr_1_1? ie=UTF8&qid;=1341177361&sr;=8-1&keywords;=liquid+fenceThis stuff stinks to the ends of the Earth and beyond! Rotten eggs, vinegar, garlic and tons of other great, stinky stuff to keep the deer away. It doesn't work on squirrels though (I haven't found anything that does). And you have to reapply as new growth appears (deer loooove the tender greens! ) and/or if it rains or you top-water your plants. Re-applying due to water and growth is essential for this product to work. You WILL smell this when you spray! Don't be downwind of it:) ~ it dries odorless in several hours. I would not recommend Havahart Deer Off. HIGHLY recommend Liquid Fence:) I really wanted this product to work.
It's absolutely amazing! I am an animal whisperer. All I have to do is spray the Deer Off around my landscaping and the critters they come a running. Not only is the salad bar open, but I'm obviously using a peppery salad dressing that the critters love. Whooo hooo! Isn't that how it's supposed to work? Ding! Ding! Ding! Dinner Is Served!!!!!
I have a problem with squirrels jumping on my bird feeder and knocking all of the bird seed all over my deck. I sprayed this solution on the outside of the feeder and the deck railing and it seems to have no effect on the squirrels. Didn't work.
I have a bird feeder on top of a 10' pole, which I thoroughly soaked the Havahard Deer Off. 5 minutes later a squirrel climbed up the pole through the Deer Off. I chased the squirrel away, and he was back in another 5 minutes. The Deer Off did not even slow him down. What DOES work for me is greasing the pole with automotive grease weekly. I had hoped that I could apply the Deer Off less frequently. I also worry about poisoning the squirrels, since they obviously remove the grease from the pole physically, on their underbellies, and then lick it off. SQUIRRELS NOT EVEN SLOWED DOWN.
I was only able to "spray" with this for a minute or so. Then the spray turned to a stream which dripped off of everything. I changed the batteries thinking that maybe the batteries that came with it were old, but that didn't help at all, so it's a mechanical fail. I'm a person who cares about the environment, and the packaging disturbs me. The holster is plastic and doesn't have a recycle number on it, so that will end up in the landfill. The battery powered sprayer doesn't either, so the outside of that will end up in the landfill. Even though I'll see what I can do about recycling the insides, I'm sure many people won't and that will also end up in the landfill. To save the earth I'd rather buy this in a gallon jug and use my own pressurized tank sprayer than fuss with a battery operated sprayer. Environmental fail. I put this in my own tank sprayer. Even after three applications on my purple coneflowers, the squirrels are still eating the flowerheads. Product fail. Fail & Fail & Fail.
I have moved into a neighborhood teeming with wildlife: deer, raccoons, rabbits… As much as I enjoy it, I'd also like to have some landscaping. After carefully researching deer-resistant plants, I re-landscaped the whole yard with those choices. For additional insurance, I followed all of my neighbors' advice & bought deer repellent. I chose this one as it specifically includes rabbits in the description of animals repelled by this product whereas the local nurseries could only steer me in the direction of deer resistant plants. I recognize that when animals are hungry they will eat anything but I used this product exactly as directed, we have not had a great deal of rain, & the rabbits & deer have eaten everything in my yard. According to the directions, it still should be working for at least another 6 wks. My neighbor uses a product called Plantskydd, also non-toxic & it really seems to work. It has an odor that would gag a sewer tank repair person but it does air out & still seems to keep the animals away. I would recommend that over Deer Off. Get the good Stuff, not this.
I received this Yard Butler Sprinkler Stand as part of Vine product reviewing. I had read a review of the unit before I ordered it about the threads in the stand being a problem. Yes they are a problem. As I tried to put in the sprinkler that I had just purchased, I was very careful, I found that the sprinkler would not go in straight and the sprinkler end thread was being ruined. I looked at the threads in the Yard Butler and they were clearly not tapped properly. If I would have continued it would have ruined my sprinkler head. It was not a question of lining them up, the Yard butler threads were bad. Since I have the tools and knowledge of threading and tapping pipe, I re-did the Yard butler threads and it accepted the sprinkler and works fine. The problem is that most people who would buy this expect it to work without having to machine the unit to make it right. Sprinkler stand.
I returned this product before I used it. I have chain saws but thought this would be an easy grab-and-go item for smaller jobs. But the thing requires oil every ten minutes of use… and it takes a little doing to uncover the oil hole and do the job. It just seemed like an expensive toy that would be more trouble than cranking up the chain saw. Not necessary.
I purchased this for use in my basement, cutting wood for the fireplace. I liked the lower jaw idea to avoid digging the chainsaw into the floor. Unfortunately, the design is extremely poor. The upper "jaw" kickback cover actually hits the chain when closed. One of the illustrations in the manual shows this upper jaw open perpendicular - when opened this far, the rear of the jaw actually impacts the chain. The chain cuts a large oval from the rear of the cover. When the jaw closes, it often does so at an off angle, actually hitting the chain, chewing up the upper jaw and dulling the chain. The lower jaw also closes crooked about 50% of the time, causing the chain to cut into the lower jaw! A photo on the box shows a person obviously cutting above shoulder height - yet one of the first warnings in the manual is to never cut above shoulder height! This is common sense, but who approves the marketing and packaging?!? The upper jaw has no "stop" except a small plastic flap. This broke off the third time I used the saw. If you run the saw with no wood in the "jaws," the jaws snap open and closed as the chain randomly impacts them! NOT SAFE! When it cuts, it jams easily. Pieces of "thready" wood that a normal saw would kick out, get jammed up in the small gear that drives the chain. This has happened several times. Cutting dry wood - no problem. Cutting green wood, the "thready" pieces are a constant problem, necessitating the removal of the chain cover. The automatic oiler seldom works. I have to manually oil the chain. I have tried calling B&D;'s toll free customer support number. I can never get a hold of anyone. I am regretful I purchased this shoddily designed item. I will add some photos showing the problems. Poor quality, several design flaws, I'm getting rig of mine.
I purchased these and then decided to run to Home Depot and see if they had them so I could use them sooner until my package arrived from Amazon. Home Depot had another brand called Revenge. I used the 4 from Revenge, each one smoked like they are supposed to. a few days later when the Giant Destroyers came, I needed to use those too and unfortunately, they didn't smoke, they shot a bright angry orange flame as if it was a blow torch. The GD's you have to thread the fuse into the bomb which I thought was dumb. I also found that the GD's smelled with stronger sulfur and couldn't wash off the smell from my hands. I don't know if they work or not as again they were blow torches and not smokers. Won't buy these again. Maybe i got a bad batch? won't take the chance again though. not good, didn't smoke only burned like a blow torch.
This house may (or may not) leak, but it has a much more serious problem. My new hose reel requires female fittings on both ends of the leader hose and this 10 foot leader has a male fitting on one end and a female on the other, so it's useless. My new reel requires a female fitting for attachment to the reel and it of course requires a female fitting at the faucet end (as do all faucets). Also, the product smells really bad, so I'm returning it to Amazon. This hose is incorrectly designed.
Don't waste your money on this piece of junk. The manor in which it stays open does not function properly at all. Real bad design!! There is no making this junk work. STAY AWAY. USE SOME OTHER TRAP! This trap is a piece of garbage.
Well, for starters I live in Wyoming where deer in the yard is a menace, and if you are trying to start a yard with deer around forget about it. For three years now we have tried to re-landscape and resurrect our yard. Our high desert location is a major hurdle, but as our neighbors lawns prove it can be done the greatest enemy is actually the deer. These rods were just one more thing we tried and failed with. To be fair the scent that they are treated with is acorn which would be a completely alien scent to the deer in this area although I was hoping that it might lure them anyway. The rods were ignored. Also, I believe that the rainstorm that has hit us in the last three days might have shorted out the rods some how, as birds are roosting on them. This was an interesting idea and I was looking forward to seeing how it would pan out. So far the only thing we've tried that has actually had any degree of success with has been straw. We covered the entire yard with straw to try and protect it for the winter and the deer actually seem to hate that. They won't even walk on it. Unfortunately when we raked it up for spring they're baaaack! A true miracle, if only. . .
When I requested this, a key bit of information was not listed on the Amazon product page. This info. is printed on the outside of the box & it says:Very Effective - Suburban Area. Deer density is low. Damage is mild, infrequent, unpredictable. Effective - Suburban Area. Deer density is medium. Damage is moderate, frequent, predictable. Effective (if repellent is moved as deer travel pattern changes) - Rural Residential Area. Deer density is medium to high. Damage is extensive, frequent, predictable. Not Effective (A fence is the best option) - Rural, Non-residential, Agricultural Areas. Deer density is high. Damages is extreme, frequent, unpredictable. I see this & say oh no! I am in the "Not Effective" category aka "do not buy this item - go get a fence" I go on line & view the page thinking it must be here & I missed it. Nope. The above info. is not provided. Now you have it so you don't unknowingly make the same mistake I did. Because I already committed to the product I gave it a go following the instructions. I chose a path the deer take past our young fruit trees. I put the lures along the path. They did nothing. I moved them in a tighter range after seeing the deer eating the tops of our young trees. Added more scent (you do this once a week) & the deer are out there everyday. No matter how tightly I have placed these together to protect even a tiny area as if I was not in the country or putting them along the path of the deer as directed it just doesn't work. I did not place them far apart from each other even though we have a lot of land. I still followed the directions by choosing small areas to cover. I want that to be very clear. As far as the assembly goes, they were not as easy to put together as I thought. Before you snicker, read. Everything was very easy except trying to fit the middle pole into the bottom pole. On all 3 poles I had extreme difficulty. I thought I would end up breaking the little hard plastic tabs. I followed the assembly directions exactly & because of this the ends were charged & scented - all 3. I'm at my garden bench with charged polls rolling around while I battle it out trying to get a seemingly simple task accomplished. I grabbed a slender metal garden stake tried to keep the poll from rolling & discharging on the other polls or by the back of my arm hitting it while I tried to do 3 things with 2 hands, push in the tab, push the poll into the bottom & hold it still on the bench while not hurting myself. I know it probably sounds pathetic but I really did have a heck of a time with the bottoms. I would recommend putting on the bottoms first so you don't have to worry about the charged tops & then assemble the rest per the directions. I think I would have had a much easier time if I did it that way. For once, it would have been better NOT to follow the directions! At this point after weeks of using these I'm not even sure what to do with them. I guess I could move them yet again, but I just don't see the point. They are still out with the few fruit trees & they are scented with lure, but why? They just don't do a thing. Pointless.
I was hoping to use this in the non-fenced part of our yard, since that is where the deer shred our flowers. Be warned, if a bird alights on this, they will get a shock. If a fox or dog sniffs it, they too will get a shock. Not to mention children, and since we don't have a fence in the front, children do cut through out yard. So, maybe if you live out in the country this would be useful. But if you live in the city and you don't have a fence and there are children around… Not safe for birds, dogs, or children.
**** Revised Review as of 6/16/11 ****I originally gave this product two stars and said it was "ineffective". I am revising this to, "causes more deer damage". It actually increased the number of deer visits to our yard, which is NOT a cottage in the forest (suburbia as noted below). After giving it two weeks, my family begged me to please remove the "repellents" because they were bringing too many deer into the yard. My son erected a more effective measure (metal wire fence) and this seemed to do the job for about the same amount of money. Bottom line, I tossed these worthless (actually, harmful) units into the garbage can after removing the batteries. Avoid them unless you want more deer. If you do want more deer, it's cheaper to go to the hunting supply store and buy the acorn scented deer attracter, soak a piece of cotton with it and leave it on a stick or something. It works about the same as these things, and it will be much less expensive. **** End of Revision ****We live in a suburban area in California's "Silicon Valley" with paved streets, curbs, lawns, gardens and… deer!!! Out plants are eaten year-round by deer. They come down out of the hills where they live and trot down the paved roads a mile or so down to our home. We've tried a lot of methods to either protect the plants (fences, wires, predator scent, etc. ) with mixed results. So, when I had a chance to try out this new "Electronic Deer Repellent" my hopes were up for a while. The term "repellent" is somewhat misleading. these stakes are supposed to work (they did NOT work for me) by using a deer attracting scent (acorn is the one that comes with the set) to bring deer in contact with the wires on the top of the stake. The wires are charged up by two AA batteries much as an electric fly swatter, if you have seen or used one of those. The deer are supposed to be shocked when they put their nose on the wires as they attempt to get to the source of the acorn smell. So, the deer can't be "repelled" until they are "attracted". The theory is understandable, but our results show it is seriously flawed in practice. In order to save your reading of the rest of this review, let me say this product had no positive effect at all on our deer issues. In fact, it may have worked to attract more deer! Details:1. Packaging: the product comes in a compact cardboard container that has three of the units. They require a modest amount of assembly. My set came with the requisite two AA batteries for each stake, but then this was a set for review. I don't know if the commercial product has the same. The box is about 19" x 4" x 4", which means it is easy to ship. The packaging seemed adequate to protect the goods, but not frustrating to open. 2. Assembly: I asked my 14 year old daughter to assemble the units. She did so with relative ease. The instructions and tasks to be done are simple. The units come in three main pieces (spike, lower shaft, upper shaft with the power head), plus the two batteries. She had a minor struggle getting some of the plastic lock buttons to engage with the holes in the metal shaft, but it was not epic. Overall, it took less than ten minutes for her to finish. We will upload the video later this week. 3. Activation: The most difficult part of the use of these "repellent" stakes is to add the bait. You must stuff some loose cotton into holes in the top of the stakes and then add some drops of deer-attracting scent (the kit comes with acorn scent). Inserting the cotton requires you to have a small stick, flat blade screwdriver, or similar to poke the cotton into its place. Then, you add drops of scent. The scent must be re-applied every few days. 4. Quick test: since our family has used electronic fly swatters for a few years, we thought this product may have some possibility of success. So, after putting it all together we tried to shock ourselves with the wires - which is against all the instructions and warnings provided by Havahart - and felt very little shock. Very, very little. As in, not enough to bother us at all - less than you'd get from the door knob in your home after walking across the wool carpet. In our opinion, probably not enough to worry Mr. Deer. 5. Testing: the instructions claim 1100 sq ft coverage and we followed them to the letter. Our results were that MORE deer seemed to visit that part of the garden and that more deer returned later. We are giving it a few days just in case. Bottom line: it's a crock! Ineffective - Attracts MORE deer.
I think I ended up purchasing this due to the wonderful color choices. I chose Yellow, its super easy to see in the grass. That's where my positive review of this product ends. It never worked correctly from the start. All functions worked great, except the soaker. It sort of just squishes water out of a little bit of all of the other functions and around the edge… Comparing it to any hose nozzle I've used in the past this isn't how the soaker function is designed to work. It wasn't hardly worth my effort to send it back. The other (and more important to me) functions worked so I just dealt with it. I have now had it for right about two months and I realized the little metal piece that holds the on/off grab bar on the "on" position is missing. Now THAT was a function I deem essential. I used it all the time. I think two months is a little bit short to fall apart! Its possible that I got a bad apple, but I wouldn't buy the identical model to replace it. I'll try something else. I was under the spell of the "color options".
This nozzle seemed to be well made and it worked great for a few weeks. After about 2 months of occasional use (maybe used it 4-5 times during that time), the whole nozzle started to leak water everywhere. Another reviewer mentioned that the internal components of this nozzle are made from cheap plastic and will break easily from regular use, and it seems they were right. No pressure at all on the trigger and there is water going everywhere. I just turn on the hose and immediately this nozzle starts leaking water. Don't waste your money, get something better. Started Leaking After 2 Months.
For two days, I've giggled with glee upon seeing the unit's flashing red light of SUCCESS. That was until I kept coming up EMPTY and disappointed the bugger got a free meal. I've reset and refilled with a few dog kibble about 10 times and zapped NOTHING! I've been dry toweling the plates after every 3 entry and departures to avoid dirty build up that could impede the powerful, much desired RAT DEATH RAY. After attempting to access the Ratzpper. com website which is UNAVAILABLE, I called the 1888-DEAD-RAT several hours ago without a callback. Now those furry critters are catching a break until I get sturdy traps and toxic waste disposal gloves. I HATE mice, rats & most icky rodents and have no plans to continue running a fine dining establishment for them. This contraption is too blankity-blank expensive to be a bust. In case you haven't guessed it, I DO NOT RECOMMEND this thing! PS CALL Amazon Customer Service if purchased through them for a refund. UPDATE 1/22/2013A smart and pleasant Technical Support person from Raticator called with helpful hints. Having a moist cloth/paper towel leading to the front of the Ratzapper acts as a WELCOME MAT to a "shocking experience" when the critter makes contact with the metal plates inside. The Raticator company provides support temporarily for Ratzapper which is no longer produced. With that in mind, you need to consider that when getting a Ratzapper. Getting a refund and finding a consistently working pest eliminator is my goal. I'm Running a Rodent Fine Dining Establishment!
I have 12 bird feeders hanging from poles in my front and back yard. A lot of the bird food falls to the ground. This works well in feeding large birds that are too big to perch on the feeders. It also attracts many squirrels. I have separate feeders for squirrels but they are not satisfied with just their feeders and gobble up the bird seed as well which leaves very little for the big birds. I sprayed Deer Off around the bottom areas of the bird feeder poles in the hopes that squirrels would be repelled. After the Deer Off had dried the squirrels returned in full force to their old stomping grounds. I swear I could hear them giggling at me. This product should be labeled "Rip Off" based on its cost and lack of performance. Squirrels Not Repelled.
Perhaps the squirrels in my yard have developed a fondness for "putrescent egg" or find the allure of bird seed and budding leaves offsets the supposed repellent tastes and odor of "Deer Off. " I've followed the direction, applied this product twice to the same plants, shrubs, and area. I coated the bird feeders and ground around them with Deer Off, and I also liberally applied it to the aerial access points via tree limbs and trunks, bushes, even stairs. The squirrels remain undeterred. They continue raiding the raised beds, climbing to the bird feeders, and generally seem unperturbed. If they were wearing clothes pins on their noses or had tiny gas masks, then that would be one thing. So I still have to dispatch the Aussies to chase the squirrels when I catch the varmints in the act. This repellent does work during the time I am actually spraying it on stuff to the point it coats surfaces and drips to the surrounding ground. I think, however, that my presence may be the deterrent during those moments of respite from the rodents' continual engorgement. Epic Fail.
I got this to put on vegetable plants that were being decimated by squirrels. When I read the instructions it said to not apply it to any plants that produced edible foods, that it was not safe on human food. As that was the point for this product, which is kind of marketed as a natural repellent (I was imagining it was wolf urine, or something) this is pretty much useless for me. Improperly marketed.
The squares are about 4x4 inches. Animals just get tangled in it. Birds can fly right through it. It is an AWFUL product. Look for &#34;deer&#34; netting at your local feed or hardware store that is made from fish netting type material. Waste of money. Offers a a great way for birds to perch.
Experiments have shown that BPA is harmful to animals with negative impacts on functions including development, metabolism, reproductive activity and many more (E. g. , see Science Daily "Harmful effects of bisphenol A demonstrated experimentally", January 22, 2013, or Google for a very long list of other articles. The danger of BPA has pretty well become common knowledge at this point and doesn't seem to be disputed. )I emailed Aspects to ask if this feeder contains BPA because it was not clear that it did not. They replied that Aspects does use BPA in this and all their other polycarbonate feeders. They also explicitly stated that they have no current intent to make a BPA-free feeder. Let's encourage them to change that stance! I think it goes without saying that we should not be feeding our beautiful wildlife chemicals that harm them if we care about them as much as we like to think we do. Even if one isn't concerned about the first generation of hummingbirds, consider the likely possibility that the chemicals are also transferred to offspring during gestation and may accumulate through generations. Furthermore, consider the food chain and the general fact that we're putting these chemicals out in our environment. Nalgene and other companies have removed BPA from their plastics and still make very strong and aesthetic water bottles without it. This feeder has many great properties, but it's not the only feeder with them; personally I will buy alternatives (of which there are many) until Aspects decides to make a BPA-free hummingbird feeder to purchase one of theirs. I would love to see them do so. Made with bisphenol A (BPA) a chemical known to harm reproductive ability, development, and metabolism in animals.
Well, it worked for a little over a year. I used the trimmer twice a month with no issues. I noticed the blade was getting worn down and quite dull. Changing the blade proved to be the downfall of the trimmer. To change the blade you insert a screwdriver in the slot behind the blade to lock the hub. The metal around this hub is very cheap pot metal. The metal hub broke apart in 7 pieces when trying to remove the blade nut. I hope everyone has better luck than me, but I won't buy another one. I'm kinda miffed that this trimmer only lasted 13 months. They shouldn't be disposable. Broke when changing the blade.
Tried this for a Month with no results. The unit no has moisture and corrosion and has died. I waisted money on this one. I swabbed the plates to keep them clean and kept the peanut butter away from them. Too bad I liked the idea but it's back to the old Victor 'finger whapping' old fashioned trap. Worthless - zero mice killed where mice run.
I've used every mouse trap on the market over the past 20 years, so I have a pretty good perspective on which ones are most effective (at least for New England mice). I tried this electronic trap in a an attic where several other types of traps are also installed and catching mice. The electronic trap never caught a single mouse. Eventually the batteries died. Between the zero success rate, and the need to feed it batteries, I put this model at the bottom of the list of all the different types of traps I've tried. The old fashioned snap traps are the cheapest and most effective traps. Unfortunately, they also come with significant drawbacks: They're unpleasant to deal with after you've caught a mouse, you can't use them where children or pets might find them, and they're a little tricky to set. Glue traps have similar pros and cons, and they have the further disadvantage of seeming inhumane (even if you don't have an emotional attachment to mice). The best trap I've found, by far, is the Victor "Tin Cat" model. It's a metal box with one-way trap doors. Mice seem to find it irresistible, and it can catch several mice in one night (in fact, it's almost as if the first mouse in the trap attract others). The biggest downside is that it's a "live catch" trap, so you have to check it every day and then take it far away from the house to release the mice. Least effective of all the mouse traps I've used (and I've used a lot).
In order to unlock the pump handle you have to turn the handle the same direction as you&#8217;d turn it to open the lid thus releasing any air still sealed in the reservoir and misting your hands with the chemical in the reservoir. So, once you have the pump handle unlocked you have to wedge your fingers down onto the collar and twist it to re-seal the lid. Then you pump it up, press the handle back down and lock it back in place. You have to go through this process every time you want to pump the reservoir back up. I returned this item the same day I opened it. Major design flaw.
This is a certifiable piece of junk. It lacks sufficient power to cut anything. Worx has a similiar product with a decent battery. I replaced my B & D with the Worx and it does a better job. Avoid This.
We've had many trimmers over the years. These by far are the worst we've ever had. The problem is the design of both the grass shears and the mini hedge shears. They do not cut anything. They are dull and set too far apart to effectively cut anything. Plus for a 7. 2 volt, which should be very powerful and have a long life battery this machine fails. I usually love Black and Decker items, but these were returned after 10 minutes of attempted use. Piece of Junk.
Unbelievable expense when adding in green house expenses for such a poor yield. Very disappointed in the way all has gone so far… 144 seeded/ approx 36 plants - see seed reviews!
This is a great little feeder. Sticks very well to the window and doesn't get poopy (let's not talk about the window sill beneath) and holds a pretty decent amount of seed. My acrobatic squirrels can leap onto it when I forget to throw out enough critter food to appease them and after at least 3 years of doing so, they finally broke it. So today I'm ordering another one. Nothing fancy here, just a durable and fun bird feeder. Updated 5/29/2013: the replacement I bought has a quality control problem with the suction cup portion that holds the feeder to the window (kinda important). One of the suction cups was noticeably thin and seemed to have a hard time holding onto the glass. Turns out (after cleaning the glass multiple times, moistening the cup or not moistening it) that it just won't hold onto the glass for more than, say, 30 minutes. This is without any squirrel attacks. It just falls away. So half the support for the thing is just not there and shortly after you place it, it will sag to one side hanging on the one good cup and look really, really sharp (not). Oh well, at least I got one working suction cup instead of none. Yes, this is a very inexpensive item but it's not a high-tech or complex item to get right either. It's meant to hang onto a window. If it can't properly do that, there's a problem. This is likely a sample defect but it should never have gotten to the end user in this condition. Fortunately the remains of my old one were still in the trash bin and I retrieved the old window attachment part, which still works fine, so I'm good for now. Glad the trash pickup wasn't a day sooner or this thing would have ended up in the bin the following week. My 2nd one of these; review was 5 stars, reluctantly revised to 1.
I've never heard of the company that's selling this. And I'm glad, because when products like this, they'll be out of business VERY soon. I'm not going to detail every problem with this thing, but perhaps enumerate a few:1. The stain is applied completely unevenly. Some pieces are much darker, and there are run/splotch marks all over. 2. There is no protective material around anything in the box. This leads to problems later in the life of the bench:a. There are numerous spots all over that have had their stain rubbed nearly completely off. b. A couple people come with pegs in them: all but two come broken. c. A long piece that appears to be provided for additional stability: broken in the box (no visible damage to the box. )3. The top wood grain in the picture looks nothing like what I have. It's just more of the same "stain" glopped all over. 4. The wood pieces, especially the center support piece, doesn't line up correctly. It's about an 1/4 of an inch too short. 5. Want to call the company to ask for spare pieces or warranty info? Too bad for you: there is no contact information anywhere, save for the outside of the box - the same place that has this product incorrectly labeled "OUTER DOOR BENCH. " The correct label: a bunch of broken scrap wood. The only redeeming factor of this entire piece of garbage is that the instructions aren't confusing because of a bad translation: there are a total of 4 words, and some weird picture/diagrams that aren't entirely accurate for putting this thing together. Don't waste your money on this. It's absolutely horrible. If you happen to get lucky and they figure out that padding small pieces during shipment is a good idea - and hire some QA for other aspects, it's still not a very good product: most build-it-yourself pieces, when you screw them together, have the metal hardware generally hidden from view. Not this gem: the "official" pictures here appear to be some cheap 3D renderings and not an actual product picture; you can see screws in the legs and across the top ridge in the real thing. A bad design for a bench from a company that likely has no quality assurance. Do you really want to waste your money on it? A complete disaster.
I assembled this bench right after it was delivered. I expect MUCH MUCH better quality for the price of this bench! The directions are bit confusing because the wooden parts are labeled A,B,C,D,E,F,G,H, etc and so is the hardware. It is not very big, you could fit two people but it would be tight. The quality is poor. There are all kinds of marks, places where the finish was gone do to damage. There were a couple of places where big chunks of wood were missing but they put the finish right over these areas. The finish is very splotchy with areas/spots that are a different color than the finish. Many scratches, digs, rough areas on the wood. It looks like they may have used a wood filler in some areas and instead of sanding those areas down and staining to match the wood they just put the finish over these areas, but it did not adhere and the wood filler comes off. It looks like they used odd pieces of wood, (pieces maybe leftover from other projects that they didn't want to waste), or collected leftover wood from a lumber yard, I do not know. I do know this bench is poor quality and I question how well it would stand up to the elements. I think I will sand it a bit and use some marine grade polyurethane on it. It might work better as a plant stand! or instead of a fire pit bench you could use it to burn in the fire pit!! I took several photos but you can only do a video on here. I would never recommend this bench to anyone. Way over priced for the quality and construction. Piece of junk!!
I got this product hoping it woud keep squirrels away from my bird feeders. I have six squirrel proof bird feeders. My squirrels, Mensa members all, have figured out how to overcome the "squirrel proofing" and eat the bird food until the feeders are completely empty. I placed generous amounts of Critter No-Ridder under each of my feeders. As soon as I walked away the squirrels were back and I could hear them giggling and winking at each other as they brushed away the No-Ridder whle giving me knowing glances. This is a genuinely useless product, at least as far as squirrels are concerned. Fun For Squirrels.
I did not have any success repelling rabbits with this product. I wish I had though, because I hate rabbits and they're ruining my lawn. I had much better luck using this product:Havahart DO64MS Deer Off II Deer, Rabbit, and Squirrel Ready-to-Use Repellent with Battery Powered SprayerGood luck! Not for me!
I I have a skunk that has taken up residence under my sidewalk. I tried replacing the soil and gravel that it was excavating. It just kept digging. I covered its entrance with bricks, it just pushed them aside. Then I found this Cridder Ridder, which seems like just what i needed. I pourted it all around the perimeter of the side walk. So the skunk is just working hard at coverpowering the spicey smell of the Critter Ridder with it's own scent… The strongest skunk odor I have ever experienced! This may work with deer, but apparently not skunks! I really needed this to work, but it back fired.
I have a severe squirrel problem around my house. The chew the cable line outside, they have even been in the house one year. I also have a large chipmunk population that creates other issues as well. I thought, hoped, prayed that this would work. It didn't. They are still all over. Don't waste your money folks. I suspect I'll have to start trapping them and "re-homing. " Did not work for my problem.
Either I got a bad batch or this doesn't work. I have some young seedlings I've been trying to protect from being dug up by armadillos and dogs. The dogs just keep marking the spot and the armadillos dig right through it. Totally ineffective for me. Too Bad. So Sad.
To test this product, i sprinkled a layer onto an area of my yard that one of my cats has taken to using as his private litter box. It's bare dirt, dry, sheltered from the wind. I used about half of the package, which claims to cover 300 square feet, on this area that's approximately 75 square feet. I didn't intend to overdose it so badly, but it's very hard to estimate how much you're shaking out over what square footage. (In case you don't feel like doing the math, that means i used about twice as much per square foot as the packaging says is necessary. )Day 1: The cat went to his new favorite toilet, sniffed around, and meandered off. I didn't see him set foot in that space all day. Day 2: The cat went to his new favorite toilet, dug a hole, and did his business. So even at double strength, this product deterred a housecat for all of approximately one day. One windless, rainless day. That hardly seems like something worth spending money on. And speaking of money, you're paying for something that is, by weight, less than 1% active ingredients. That means about 0. 8 ounces of this product is important, and the rest is filler. And those active ingredients are basically black pepper and a little bit of something like cayenne pepper. You can buy a 2-3 ounce container of black pepper at any grocery store for a few dollars, so why pay more than $20 for this? Even if it worked, it would be a waste of money. Worked for about 24 hours.
The product label says to apply at the rate of 1 lb. per 40 square feet. Impossible to measure the rate of application and when using the narrowest opening on the spout the 5 lbs. were gone in about 50 square feet (??? ). If it had some color to it you could a least see where you've been with it but as it is it blends in with the grass so well you can't tell. I used it to circle my peach trees to keep the varmints away and so far it appears to be helping but it will be very expensive to have to reapply every rain. I think I will look for a cheaper alternative or I will have the most expensive peaches in the country. This is a follow up to my review. It has been about 4 days since I sprinkled the product around the base of the peach trees. It has not rained but today I was watching the squirrels running through the "protected" area without even noticing it as they continued stealing my peaches. So much for that idea! Difficult to apply and ineffective for squirrels!
Maybe my New Mexico critters are used to spicy food (this is the home of green chile after all) and the capsaicin and black pepper in this product just made them want to grab some chips and dig in. I put this around 2 rose bushes that the rabbits and ground squirrels have been chewing on. The squirrels and rabbits happily snacked on my roses with this product applied liberally to the area around the rose bushes. I watched them sitting on the product, eating my rose bushes. Perhaps they tested this on squirrels and rabbits who have no taste for chile. Mine were yelling for me to throw out some tortilla chips. Apparently they did not test this on southwestern critters.
This is the Chinese Fiskars product line. All their shovels are made there, and I have repeated problems with their D Handle shovels. The blade is not aligned properly with the handle. The handle is cocked at an angle so that it twists the wrist when using it. I have returned several shovels to Amazon, and now I give up. And, yes, it is not pre-sharpened. And, no, it came with no PVC sleeve. If Fiskars wants to cheapen their image with this poor quality, I will be thinking three times before I buy Fiskars in the future. Poor Quality.
Fiskars 8-Inch Hatchet is very dangerous. You can cut off a limb or a protrusion from a hand if you don't know how to use this. The level of training it takes to competently instate yourself with the knowledge of "Hatchet chopping" is about 2 years. Most people pick this up for recreational use at the local fish pond or RV camp and meet disastrous results, which result in the trip to the local hospital ward. I can not endorse a Hatchet that is so flauntingly dangerous. If you need wood, you can buy it somewhere or hire a vagrant to cut it from a forest. I implore you, Do not use this! UPDATE:I've documented numerous cases where the use of the Hatchet has produced a variety of injuries, ranging from simple cuts to the loss of a limb. UPDATE #2:Certain counties in Louisiana have banned the Hatchet. UPDATE #3:Many films have glorified the use of Hatchets in murder complots. Hatchet (2006), The Baby (1973), Hatchet for the Honeymoon (1970), Blood Night: The Legend of Mary Hatchet (2009), Deep Red/Hatchet Murders (1975), and Strait-Jacket (1964). Hatchets should be outright banned. There is even some offensive American southern metal band formed in Florida called Molly Hatchet. This is a notable abuse of an already dangerous "tool". Molly Hatchet.
Fiskars 8-Inch Hatchet is very dangerous. You can cut off a limb or a protrusion from a hand if you don't know how to use this. The level of training it takes to competently instate yourself with the knowledge of "Hatchet chopping" is about 2 years. Most people pick this up for recreational use at the local fish pond or RV camp and meet disastrous results, which result in the trip to the local hospital ward. I can not endorse a Hatchet that is so flauntingly dangerous. If you need wood, you can buy it somewhere or hire a vagrant to cut it from a forest. I implore you, Do not use this! UPDATE: I've documented numerous cases where the user of the Hatchet has produced a variety of injuries, ranging from simple cuts to the loss of a limb. Molly Hatchet.
I&#8217;ve got critter problems this year and moles tend to be a constant. And as a result I&#8217;m trying a few different things. My usual castor oil concoction is nothing like this and so I found myself checking out the ingredients. The main ingredient is bromethalin, a far cry from my inoffensive castor oil. I do want to drive them off the property, but what I don&#8217;t want is for other animals to ingest it. We do have other animals who trespass and I&#8217;m using other &#8220;stay away,&#8221; but natural methods. What I don&#8217;t want is for other animals to dig for this in hopes of a nice snack. Not that I like the presence of red squirrels or chipmunks when they invade my home or outbuildings, but don&#8217;t want to use this very toxic poison. Think I&#8217;ll take a pass on this one. Taking a pass on the bromethalin method.
Apparently someone tipped off my mole that these strange colored fake worms may not be healthy to eat. My mole runs around happy as a lark and would not touch this fake worm with a ten foot pole. I will have to try a different method to get rid of this unwelcome guest because the fake worm does not do the job. Smart Mole.
All I can say is that the 5 people that reviewed this product MUST work for "Tomcat" cause these little "worms" are as much of a joke as every other mole bait out there. I have used 5 boxes of these (yes, literally 5 boxes) and I have had NO success whatsoever. Granted, I must be a fool for spending over $100 on one product, but I have tried everything else and was desperate. Don't waste your money. Not sure what else to tell you to try though, outside of making sure that your yard doesn't have grubworms. You've GOT to be kidding me.
Not sure these work, I bought to boxes and still have moles. If it killed any I can't tell. To expensive as well. Bought these more than once and still have Moles.
I have alot, alot, alot of moles in my yard. Or are they voles? I'm not sure. I find little holes everywhere, and I find big mounds everywhere. Maybe mine are hybrid mole-voles. Whatever they are, they do not like Tomcat worms. Never even touched them. Useless in my yard.
Not sure if I got a bum trap or what, but I have a real hard time getting my trap to set. I have other, smaller mouse traps and have no problem setting them, but I just can't get this one to reliably catch. It ends up being really stressful trying to set it. Not sure if mine is just defective. I may have Received a Defective Trap, but it is Stressful to Attempt to Set.
I bought some of these Tomcat brand at Lowe's - which look the same as the Victor brand. Little did I know that the spring/catch don't work as well. They are more difficult to set, & so far, the bait is eaten but the trap doesn't spring (on all 3 units). The Victor brand works much better. Same experience - doesn't snap.
We get mice every winter. We've tried plugging holes, sticking around peppermint and mothballs, and we have mice. We bought these traps, put peanut butter on them. The mice ate the peanut butter, the traps did not spring. They are total junk and we went back to Victor. There was a reason these were the only ones left on the store shelf when went to buy them. Jim said the problem is when it's set the platform is high and it seems that a mouse would have problems setting it off, the trigger is not sensitive. Mice laughed at these.
So far, I appear to have only one mouse and I thought getting these traps through Vine would solve the problem. It hasn't yet using sll four for more than a week. I practically expect a thank you note from the mouse for setting the bait out every night. Since I got these for free through Vine, I do wish I could give a better review. Doesn't work for me.
Dont waste your money on on this. Use rock wool instead. I called the company asking what kinds foam is in their kits and they wouldn't tell me they described it as bio degradable special foam - so I called a couple of foam companies asking questions and experimented a bit. What worked best for me and is drastically cheaper is rock wool instead. Dont waste your money.
I purchased one of these plastic rain birds about a year ago and was very pleased. It does actually work better than the brass rain birds. So now I wanted to order some more and was pleased to see the price had dropped by a couple of bucks. So I ordered 4 more but low and behold these are not the same and of course not as good. My well is set at 70 pds. and with a 3/4 pipe and one sprinkler attached I can only get 28 ft. coverage max and there are dry spots that it does not cover. All four are the same. Shame on rain bird, they are ruining there reputation. I would gladly have paid the extra couple of bucks to get the same as I had before. They seem to have the same model number as the old one too. not so good.
This powder does not work at all. I followed the instructions meticulously and it seems that ants and spiders are laughing at my face! I assumed it would take a couple of days for the product to work so I waited. The ant "traffic" around my window did not diminish, no change whatsoever. I also tried this powder in a corner where we usually have spiders and they are happy as ever. So I had to go back to Raid spray (that does not fail). Does not work at all.
With all the rave reviews I really expected this would work but it has not worked at all for me. I've been using it for over a month now both inside and outside. I put it along the baseboards in the kitchen because we live in the tropics and we get a lot of ants, spiders and roaches inside the house. I left it there for three weeks, its really ugly and messy but I was willing to put up with that if it worked. I never found the first dead bug just lots of live ones so I finally gave up after three weeks and cleaned it up. I went and got new Combat traps and I found 5 dead roaches the next day! I decided to try this on ants outside coming in up the outer wall into the window frame. Same thing, did not get rid of the ants, none of them and we have three kinds coming in. I tried it on carpenter ants living in the crotch of a tree, it did not kill them they simply moved to another spot. Did not work on Fire ants either they walked right through it and two weeks later I found them about three feet away in a new mound. I checked my doorway this morning after 6 applications in 5 weeks and the black ants were just walking over this powder without any issue, they didn't even move after all those applications! So what does this work on? Nothing. So far it has proven useless here, so based on my 5 weeks of using this I cannot recommend it. All it does is move the bugs not kill them. Doesn't kill, just makes the bugs move.
Safer Brand Ant And Crawling Insect Killer, like any insect killer, is not that safe for humans and pets. It's main ingredient is Silicon Dioxide. Should you squeeze this super fine powder anywhere in your home- just remember breathing this dust, even in small quantities, over time can lead to silicosis, bronchitis or cancer. Children, the elderly or anyone with lung issues should avoid this completely. This fine dust becomes lodged in your lungs and continually irritates them, reducing your lung capacities. If you don't know anything about Silicon Dioxide, it's used for making glass fiber strands, among other things, and depletes water upon contact- thus drying out and killing the insects. I personally would never spray this super fine dust in my home, as who wants any health problems that could arise from silicon breathed into your lungs? I'm sure it's safer outdoors, but I prefer those little metal ant discs that work well. The ants go inside, take the bait to the nest, feast and die. I have found over the years that sealing up my home as best I can and dumping buckets of soapy water around the house works wonders. I never waste anything- after we wash the cars, the sudsy water gets dumped around the house. Soap, especially ammonia- makes bugs very ill. It won't kill them, but they'll find a better place to live after getting sick enough times. If bugs are a real problem, I'll use a liquid killer over a powder, as I can always wash my hands, but I can't wash out my lungs. When I read the label saying Avoid Breathing Dust and Wear A Suitable Dust Mask, I knew this product is not suitable for indoors and definitely not for me. Anything That Requires A Dust Mask Warning I Won't Use.
This product is unnecessary when competitive products from the same company exist -- such as the Tomcat 34532 Mole and Gopher Liquid Repellent, 32-Ounce. Tomcat's bait pellets need to be administered directly into the tunnels of the creatures. You need to be aware of the environmental impact it might have on birds, and the fact that it will be lethal to other animals, especially birds and pets. As if that wasn't enough, caution should be exercised when handling the pellets since they are extremely toxic and poisonous. Why attempt to kill the creatures when it can backfire and cause harm to the humans and pets and other wildlife, when a successful repellent solution exists? extremely toxic to people and pets, not just moles and gophers.
I&#8217;ve got critter problems this year and moles tend to be a constant. And as a result I&#8217;m trying a few different things. My usual castor oil concoction is nothing like this and so I found myself checking out the ingredients. The main ingredient is zinc phosphide, a far cry from my inoffensive castor oil. I do want to drive them off the property, but what I don&#8217;t want is for other animals to ingest it. We do have other animals who trespass and I&#8217;m using other &#8220;stay away,&#8221; but natural methods. What I don&#8217;t want is for other animals to dig for this in hopes of a nice snack. Not that I like the presence of red squirrels or chipmunks when they invade my home or outbuildings, but don&#8217;t want to use this very toxic poison. Think I&#8217;ll take a pass on this one. Taking a pass on the zinc phosphide method.
Well, I bought two of these and used as directed, and the moles just continued to destroy my yard. Save your $10 after shipping and get rid of your yard's grubworms. Well.
At first I thought this product might be awesome -- the idea is that you find an active mole tunnel (the directions tell you how to determine that) then you use the pointy end to open a hole and then put some of the pellets into the tunnel so that the mole will eat it and die. However every time I used the product as instructed the moles never returned to that tunnel. I think this was for two reasons. First the test to find an active tunnel is to push said mounds done then check to see if they are back up the next day… the process of using the bottle's pointed end though also collapses part of the tunnel and if I were a mole and my tunnel had a collapsed section two days in a row, I'd find me a new tunnel (which is what they seemed to have done). Second the process of making said hole to pour the pellets into not only collapses the tunnel around it but actually blocks off the tunnel at that point. Once more the moles just made a new tunnel. Very disappointing. Collapsed Tunnels Too Much.
Wasted money. We bought a couple of these 10-12 years ago for $8 each and they were great tables! Haven't had to replace them until now as they do eventually degrade in the sun like all resin/plastics do. However, THE PICTURES SHOWN HERE ARE OF THE "OLD" MODEL!!! but what you get is a very cheap and flimsy newer model. The top of the old ones were smooth and of thicker plastic. The tops of these are so flimsy and thin you can see the ridges where the top is molded to the support brackets underneath. While it doesn't affect sturdiness (or lack thereof), the bottom supports shown do not extend beyond the legs. I mention this only to show you the difference between the "really great" tables and the newer "really cheap and flimsy" tables. STAY AWAY from these, especially if you're thinking you are getting the same quality tables as they used to be. These are nothing more than a cheap knock-off version of those old, very good tables - very sad. We're so disappointed. Considering these were $10 MORE than the old ones, I was really hoping to get the same quality stuff. Fooled us this time, won't fool us again. We're staying away from anything with this brand from now on. Not as good as they used to be. They got cheap, cheap, cheap!!
SInce I have watched a mouse run right past a trap baited with this gel, I don't think it works particularly well. I am still doing better with the traps baited with good old fashioned peanut butter. It's not attracting these mice.
I put this in several traps in an area where I know rats are (my attic), but it didn't attract any rats. That's pretty much all there is to say. Didn't work.
This is more rant than review, so appreciate it for that, or not. Toro does not sell parts to fix these, nor for the previous 51598 model. The idea is to throw them away after a season or two (two in my case). This is not right and it is not appreciated at all and makes the device NOT RECOMMENDED even though it works well. I will check out a Sears blower because they have parts and nice parts diagrams. Maybe there are others. Mine was the usual smoking motor. Electrical motors have been around for a long time now and there is no excuse for making one that only lasts a few running hours. Simply just cheaply made junk. Don't blame the Mexicans who assembled it, they aren't responsible for the engineering or specifications and just put it together as well as anyone else could have. The CEO probably got a bonus for this. Let me do my little part to maybe prevent a couple of sales. This is disgusting and no amount of blowing power makes up for it if the company sucks. You have to wonder what other cute surprises this company has for you in their other products, even the big ticket stuff. You can assume this is an indication of what they chortle about around the boardroom table when they are passing out bonuses in a circle. Read all the reviews of those who have dealt with their service centers. There is a pattern there, one of essentially ripping off the customer and then treating them poorly. At least they should be gentle. I certainly suggest you keep looking and at least consider another brand. ********************************* Update****************************I took the blower apart to see if I could fix this before I tossed it. The smoke was not coming from the switch as it appeared, and what others reported, but straight from the motor. I used light sandpaper to clean the armature and also the end of the brushes. It has since worked perfectly for many leaf-blowing sessions, even at full power. Maybe there was some sort of manufacturing debris or chemical on there that caused some sort of resistance or simply lit up. Anyway, not too hard and saves you some money and you don't have to throw it in the trash. Throw-away junk rant.
Ok, I purchased this Hose on July 22, 2013. I received it on Saturday 24, 2013. Is light and it looked like it would last. I liked that it has Lifetime. The hose was leaking and bulging by August 18, 2013. I always made sure I empty it after each use. It does get partial Sun, not all day nor does it get Sun on the entire hose at any given time since we have two backyard trees. Amazon was great and when I called them on August 19, 2013 they immediately shipped a replacement. I figured, all manufactured good can have a percentage of products with factory defect, no harm done. The second Hose arrived on August 20, 2013. On September 4, 2013 the second one exhibit the exact issue. Called Amazon and they refunded my money. I don't think two defective Hose in such a short time is a fluke and I'm tired of packing a hose to ship back every month. I will now go back to doing research. In the mean time I have to water 14 planters,10sq feet of garden area with two, 2 gallon watering cans, let the fun begin. Last, I thought of contacting Gilmore but, if this were to continue I would be out around 5 bucks every month to ship the ends to Gilmour not to mention the hassle. 2 bad Hose from July 22 to Sept. 4th 2013.
In my experience, it always takes a few days before for the birds start eating from the newly hung feeder, and this feeder was no exception. It is the second feeder in my front yard, the first being a Brome. And so far, the birds still prefer the Brome to the No/No feeder. The No/No feeder has very little rain protection for the seeds, as the mesh part, where the seeds are, is completely open. Also, if purchasing this feeder, it does not include a hook to hang it in a tree, just the handle on top of the feeder. **Edit Oct 3, 2013 -- changing rating from 4 stars to 1. The seeds stay piled up in the middle of the feeder and do not slide down to the tray or sides without help. So I finally removed it from the tree as I find it to much work to keep shaking the seeds down. And I really dislike the fact of taunting birds with seeds just out of reach. not worth it.
I was surprised when this arrived and it was only the metal support brackets. From the original title, I was expecting a flower box with the adjustable brackets. The directions included were useless to me, and the pictures weren't much help either. The completed project was a rather flimsy bracket that tips forward from a 4. 5&#34; railing. I cannot imagine this bracket holding much weight. Perhaps fake flowers, but not potting soil! Bracket only / No Flower Box.
Despite being &#34;adjustable&#34;, there is no good way for me to mount this on the rail surrounding my deck. (In case it matters: I have a 2-by-6 horizontal top rail, with a horizontal 2-by-4 rail centered below and parallel to it, and 5. 5 inches separating the top of one from the top of the other. )The thin metal rack has adjustable brackets to fit a variety of top rails, but then there is no good way to stabilize it… it just hangs loosely on that top rail. The rack includes an extra metal section that seems to be for stability, but my railing is such that it won't actually connect to it. Probably with some extra pieces of wood, and maybe some tools to bend some of the metal on the holder, I could make it more stable, but I would rather not go to these lengths for a flower box holder. Without some stability, this can barely hold anything except the lightest of flower boxes. I think CobraCo has some quality products (I have a copper fire pit from them that I really like), but I don't care for this at all. Awkward, flimsy.
I was rather disappointed in the Bird Scare Tape. Within two days I had birds trying to carry the tape off. They would get it in their beak, then try and fly away. It didn't provide much of a 'scare' to the birds. Bird Scare Tape.
Very disappointed in this product. Set it up according to instructions but I did not get a single moth! I think that the pheromone lures were not strong enough and they just said forget it. Some of these "Safer" products are great for the environment but dont do the job well or at all. Pass on this-get a stronger scented trap system. Not a single moth took a bite!
I read the other reviews and did not believe that so simple of a product could be so bad. This is a laughably bad product. It falls apart after one or two uses. If I owned a store I would be embarrased to sell it. If I manufactured it, Iwould do so under an assumed name. Stay clear of this product.
I do not buy fancy bird food - sunflower seeds and generic seed and mealworms. I usually get it at the grocery store for around this price but with one snowstorm on top of another it was hard to get to the store so I ordered it from Amazon (I have Prime - thank Somebody). I have about 14 regular doves, several bluejays, a couple of pairs of cardinals, a small flock of starlings and innumerable junkos, sparrows and finches and one practically tame robin who gets the mealworms. Keep in mind, everything is still covered in snow, ice really, and they do not eat this. So this one star review is from my birds and who have given this feed The Bird. Birds give it The Bird.
This Victor Fly Magnet did NOT solve the FLY problem on our patio and throughout the back yard. In fact, we don't usually have a fly problem, but this trap brought them to our yard in huge hoards - some flies found their way into the trap - but most just hung around the patio, rushing inside every time we used the door. Finally got rid of the fly problem by getting rid of the Victor Fly Magnet! NOT recommended. Does not work for us!
The short of it is that this trap was used for at least 2 months using peanut butter as bait and it did not catch a single mouse or rat. I've read that others have had far more success, but it didn't work for us. The batteries are nearly impossible to get into the unit and there the switch does not tell you if the unit is on or off. Because it's not clear whether or not the unit is powered up, it's potentially dangerous, as you could shock yourself. Because this unit did not work for us, I cannot recommend it. Didn't work for me.
UPDATE--After a few weeks, we hadn't caught anything, and the 4 C batteries were dead. Put in fresh batteries and tried it again. Two weeks later, the batteries are dead again, the food bait is gone, and I give up on this contraption. Great idea, but it just doesn't seem to work. Whether you live in the country, suburbs, or city, eventually you will be faced with a rodent problem. We've had issues in our crawl space. We first used cheap traps. Unfortunately, they were difficult to set and sometimes only maimed the poor critters. We then purchased a scary looking trap that did the job. However, it was so gross we ended up throwing out the trap and all. We are now using this device in the crawl space. We haven't caught anything yet, but we are sold on the idea that we don't ever have to touch the rat. Although expensive, this seems to be the best solution. Stopped working after less than two months.
This pool rake is sorry quality and doesn't last. It did not last even one pool season. In fact it broke after 2 months of use. The netting is OK but the plastic frame is weak and broke rendering the tool useless. Don't waste your money! Sorry Quality.
I received the package late, the package was dumped upside down next to the door, and after refrigerating them for a day, i found the majority of them were dead. I would say under 100 actually survived to be released. Not very happy with this at all. After doing a little research (a little too late, but whatever, i found you can order them directly from High Sierra, which you can find online. Again, that is High? @@#$# Sierra). Most of the distributors apparently purchase from them first, so why not avoid the middle man? I will be (no shipping costs either). The majority of them were dead.
I hate to gripe about this purchase as I enjoyed releasing the few ladybugs that I did receive. Suffice it to say that I hand-released most of these little ladies and was done in under an hour. There were a number of ladybug corpses, but still only about 100 or so. I don't know what this company is doing when it comes to parceling out these bugs, but they need to find a new method. As for what the bugs did after they were released, well that isn't the company's fault. They do tend to wander off. Still, I keep seeing ladybugs near the release location and there were only about 100 of them to begin with. I feel like the few bugs hanging aroundI'd make a stink about being ripped off if I thought 10 bucks was worth the aggro. Still, this is definitely a case of "buyer beware". Go try your local nursery for bugs if you need them, that way you'll be able to see what you're getting before you shell out the money. Not even close to 200 bugs in this container.
I had my first chance to try this today, killing a wasp that got in the house. A bit of delicate task, considering we're allergic. The Executioner failed miserably and definitely didn't live up to its name. It didn't even stun or slow down the little bugger, let alone injure or kill it, despite multiple direct hits. In the end, a rolled up magazine combined with a squish under a shoe took care of the wasp. But further investigation showed the "Executioner" to be totally useless. I tentatively touched it myself and felt nothing. Full hand on the metal; still nothing. Changed batteries. Again, nothing. The only thing this does, as far as a I can tell, is turn on a little red light in the handle to make you think it's working. Big, fat waste of money. Doesn't Work.
We have had this tiler for a few years now and since we were moving, just stored it until we were moved. So, moving aside, we drug this thing out and guess what? It worked for a little bit then quit. It wouldn't restart, and then the motor started smoking! What a ridiculous machine! SO wish I would have saved the money on this thing and bought the other tiller that's the Number 1 seller on amazon. This thing is a total piece of junk! And, I'm now out the $330 I paid for it. Brother! The absolute worst thing I've ever bought from amazon!
We purchased two of these. We were excited to get them quickly and we put them together with no problems. We knew they weren't going to be the highest quality, but we thought they would do the job. We put a total of 6 small plants (herbs and vegetable seedlings) split between the 2 greenhouses. We also put things like our small shovel, empty watering can, and bag of soil on the bottom shelves. There is no recommended maximum weight listed on the product listing, the box, or the directions. We figured we should be okay since we had much less than what is pictured on the box and also on the product listing here. Not even 24 hours after setting these up both crashed to the ground. Pots broke, plants were tossed upside down, and everything was a mess. It was difficult to get everything out safely since the plastic was zipped up and the opening was facing the ground. Once we got everything out, we noticed the plastic supports on both of our greenhouses broke. They could not hold the weight. That is unfortunate considering there wasn't that much sitting in the greenhouse to begin with. We will definitely be returning both of these. I wouldn't bother wasting your money on this. We've decided to spend a little more and get a heavy duty rack like this one:Seville Classics SHE18487 18-Inch by 48-Inch by 72-Inch Shelving System with Wheels, Chromeand then wrap heavy duty plastic around the back and sides. For the front, we are going to attach a second piece of plastic with velcro so it is removable. Same effect, but at least we can be certain it won't come crashing down. --In case this review doesn't scare you away and you are still curious about the dimensions between the shelves:-There is 12. 5" between each shelf. -The top shelf has 20. 5" of space at it's highest point. If you are having trouble keeping the wire shelves flat across the supports, you can bend them slightly downward so they fit better. This stopped ours from moving around so much… well before they came crashing down. :/ So disappointing. Don't throw your money away!
I bot this hoping it would protect my feeder but the squirrels got right around it. At first they would fall off, but then they eventually figured it out. Also, in a windy storm my feeder and the bottom hook on the underside of the baffel fell right off. Hook is lost in the snow, had to buy a new one at hardware store. Can not recommend this. Am going to try to coat it wish vaseline or wd40, see if that works. Otherwise it is on to another feeder. Does not work.
This bird feeder is a total piece of crap. It's made of cheap thin plastic with teensy connectors to bring both halves together. Two of the flimsy connection prongs immediately broke upon insertion. I doubt the product cost 25 cents to make. Avoid this poorly made feeder. Worst product ever offered on Amazon.
I have been using this for over a year in order to really give it a chance. I've used it on various potted plants as well as plants in the garden. I really wanted this stuff to work but I wanted to be objective. I only used it on half of my plants of each variety to see if there would be a difference. Soil, fertilisers, care, light etc were all the same but only half got the "Superthrive". ABSOLUTELY NO DIFFERENCE. It didn't seem to harm the plants but also made ZERO difference to growth, flowering, size or taste. Obviously some people love this stuff but I can't see why… placebo effect? If it was as spectacular as it claims, then why wouldn't it be a standard product for all commercial growers? Bottom line for them is money and obviously they see this as a waste… as do I. Nothing.
This review applies to ALL Miracle-Gro brand fertilizer-feeders, includingMiracle-Gro 100410 Lawn and Garden FeederMiracle-Gro 101411 LiquaFeed Starter KitMiracle-Gro 101411 LiquaFeed All Purpose Plant Feeding SystemandMiracle-Gro 100511 LiquaFeed Advance Starter KitI totally agree with ALL of you who have posted on the "rip-off" index of these products. My "other half" bought these one of each type at local home improvement warehouse on two different occasions thinking how easy it would be to use. She did not realize how EXPENSIVE it would be for the LiquaFeed Kits, it just looked EASY. Not only are the refill cartridges costly, the things LEAK, don't dispense evenly and is basically garbage! (Maybe she has learned on 2nd time around, then again… )Miracle-Gro bulk granular water soluble fertilizers of various types are great! I have never burned any plants with them (see note below) and have healthy excellent looking flowers, plants and few veggies. But Miracle-Gro equipment is JUNK, including this item and Miracle Gro Lawn & Garden Feeder Miracle-Gro 100410 Lawn and Garden Feeder. They are made of BRITTLE plastic, as I stated LEAK, do not mix & dispense fertilizer well, and break easily. AVOID these products. ( NOTE: I do apply in cool of morning or after sunset here in HOT central Texas, and after going around fertilizing ALL plants, come back and "mist off" any fertilizer that may still be too concentrated on leaves and water plants. ) AVOID this Product!
Squirrels learned in a few days how to get around this. I wasted my money but you don't have to. Don't waste your money.
Didn't like it, returned it, it didn't work at all. I trap mice all the time in the metal wire cages, and this caught nothing. Sorry, charlie--useless to me. snap mouse trap.
The lid will not stay snapped shut, thus the suction needed to draw the water into the plant is not present. Could not get it to deliver water to the planter. Poorly designed.
I followed the instructions that accompanied this loser and the results were poor. The lid on the tank will not stay closed. I had planned to use this outside but without the lid staying shut this would be an excellent hangout for mosquitos so I left it outside for only about a week and a half. I dropped (pushed would be a better word) the "hose" through the hole in the lid. Instructions say insert it until the tip reaches the bottom. I pushed the entire "hose" through the hole and it never reached the bottom but remained suspended in the water about two thirds of the way down. The tank hangs on the side of the pot all lopsided and really looks as tacky as all getout. No water ever transferred from the tank to the flower pot during the week or so that I left it outside. Not sure where this was made although there is a USA address on the cardboard but it does not say "manufactured in". However I would not blame any manufacturer for not wanting to admit to making this butt-ugly and worthless recycling candidate. There has to be a much better offering of plant watering products than this. Look elsewhere for something that has at least a smidgeon of quality which this does not. Stay away from this - far, far away. A Piece Of Junk.
2nd UPDATE:The sensor was empty today. I thought I made a mistake the first time this happened. Since this has happened three times & the two sensors I've been using for years still have water in them, there must be something wrong with the Plant Sitter. I noticed that the Plant Sitter feeding tube is smaller in diameter than the sensors I've used for years. Maybe that's the problem. I don't know for sure, all I know is that the Plant Sitter sensor is not siphoning water like it should be. My rating went from 3 stars to 1 star. UPDATE:After setting this system up using 3 sensors (one that came with the plant sitter & two I previously owned), I thought everything was working normally. After a few days I checked each sensor again to be sure each was full of water. I was surprised that the sensor that came with the Plant Sitter was empty again. The other 2 sensors were full of water - like they're supposed to be. I soaked the empty sensor for 15 minutes then re-filled it with water. I will check in a few days to see if it is empty again. If so, I will update my review & reduce the star rating. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ORIGINAL REVIEWI've used self-watering probesSelf-Watering Probes - Package of 5for indoor & outdoor plants successfully for many years. I use gallon milk containers as the water reservoir. The CobraCo 6000 Plant Sitter works the same way way as the ceramic probes I used in the past & it comes with its own 1 quart reservoir. To use self-watering ceramic sensors:~Remove cap~SOAK the ceramic cone/probe 10-15 minutes in water (Cobra forgot to add this important step to its product label instructions)~Fill the cone/sensor ALL the way to the top then recap it. ~Push the ceramic sensor into the soil. I always make sure the ceramic portion is completely pushed into the soil. ~Fill the reservoir with water. To feed your plants, add a little liquid fertilizer to the water. ~Drop the feeding tube into the water reservoir making sure it rests on the bottom. (For the Cobra Plant Sitter, drop the end of the tube through the center hole on the reservoir's lid)~Cover the top of the reservoir so that the water won't evaporate & so mosquitoes won't get in if you're using it outside. (The Plant Sitter has a lid, but the lid doesn't snap closed. To keep the lid closed, I put a rubber band around each side of the reservoir. If I was using the Plant Sitter outside, I would cover the center hole & the feeding tube with aluminum foil)~IMPORTANT: Always set your Plant Sitter up a week before you leave to be sure it's working properly. (I noticed that the water level in the reservoir hadn't changed in a week. I pulled the ceramic sensor out, removed the cap & saw the cone was completely empty… that's why it wasn't working. I filled it back up, put the cap back on, pushed the sensor back into the soil; by the end of the day, the reservoir's water level was going down)… see my UPDATEA few tips:~Larger plants will need at least two ceramic probes/sensors. ~Depending on type, size & season, a plant will require from 8 ounces to 32 ounces of water weekly. I find that for my plant in a 6" pot, the Plant Sitter's one quart reservoir will water it for approximately 2 weeks. ~If you rely on the Plant Sitter to always water your plants, you should water the plant from the top once a month. ~The level of the water in the reservoir should be below the cap on the ceramic sensor. Raising the reservoir increases the flow rate; lowering it reduces the flow. ~If the reservoir runs out of water, you need to refill it & you will also need to refill the ceramic sensor. The Plant Sitter's reservoir is a nice translucent color, not flashy or showy, so it won't detract from your plant. It's too tall for some of my smaller indoor plants. So I sit it near the plant instead of hanging it on the pot. I added two more sensors & am using the Plant Sitter to water three plants at a time. The center hole is large enough for me to thread two feeding tubes through it, but I had to put the other tube under the lid; two rubber bands are holding the lid closed. I'm sure the reservoir will need to be filled often, but the plants have been so thirsty lately that I haven't been watering them enough. I'm expecting happier plants by using the Plant Sitter. Amazon's product description is confusing to me. It mentions both a 1 quart reservoir & a 2 quart reservoir. I received a 1 quart reservoir & one ceramic sensor. Made in ChinaThis is a 4 star product, but I deducted 1 star because an important step was not included on the product's label instructions & the lid doesn't snap closed. ~~~~~~~~ Updated Review … I have experience with ceramic plant watering probes/sensors.
Although not a bad concept, and upon seeing it you think, "Why not? I'll give it a try," this item works better in theory than in practice. You can't really rely on it to keep your plants alive. I think another review said you had to siphon the thing first. That kind of takes away the "automatic" idea. Maybe my expectations of the product were a little too high, and my review sounds a bit harsh, but when I see automatic, I want something truly automatic. Not only that, the system is a real eye-sore. Maybe plant sitting technology is still in its infancy and hopefully it will improve in the future. I'm glad to see other users were able to get something out of the product. I wish CobraCo the best of luck and hope they can some day live up to my higher expectations. Not Recommended.
This is supposed to be a hummingbird feeder, not a nectar fountain… It IS big, and once assembled, it looks attractive. It was fairly easy to assemble except for the little yellow centers, which kept popping out and flying onto the floor, but once that was taken care of the unit was impressive, looked very nice. Adding the cylinder, which I had thankfully filled only 1/3 with sugar syrup, was an unwieldy process, But I did that over the kitchen sink and once I mastered that and everything was in place, and the feeder was ready to hang on my balcony -- that was when I noticed the syrup dripping out from UNDER the red flowers. Had it been dripping out from under ONE of the flowers I might have been more forgiving but ALL the flowers were leaking. Nuh Uh -- I just installed a new balcony rug and there is NO way I am going to hang that on my balcony. Like some of the other reviewers did, I will disassemble it, and GLUE the flowers on to see if THAT helps. If that doesn't work then this product is waste of everyone's time. Drip… Drip… Drip.
I do love the size and the 6 ports to feed from but I can already see it is hard to open and fill and get closed right again so it doesn't leak. I don't really expect this to last more than this season. Don't get this size unless you have a lot of hummers coming because you should refill your feeder and clean it once a week so if you fill it full and don't have enough hummers to use it up there will be a lot of waste. If you don't need that much just fill it half full. You can always add more if needed but be sure to clean your feeder every time you put more syrup in it for them to drink. You really need to push firmly on each piece as you put the feeder flowers on and the center parts. If they aren't on right they will just fall off so you'll know if you did it right or not. The stand for the hummer feet are on securely because they have little cut outs for them to fit tightly before screwing them tight onto the feeder. Just take your time putting these features on so you don't break them. UPDATE: The little yellow centers in each flower that are snapped in independently are coming off. The Orioles keep playing with them and they are coming off even though I had them on securely. Now there is an opening large enough for any bird, fly, wasp, etc. to get into the juice. Not a good thing. When this is empty I won't use it again. Spend more and get a nice glass feeder, they are the best. Perky-Pet 220 The Grand Master 48-Ounce Hummingbird Feeder.
I've been a tomato gardener for 20 years now, and support means everything. This "cage" might be good for a determinate tomato, but for an out of control, constantly growing indeterminate variety, especially with large fruits, this will be useless. First off, this item came ridiculously bubble wrapped, and was extremely frustrating to get undone. I managed to break off 3 snaps, rendering 3 of the supports useless. Is that my fault? Yes, but in my defense, the bubble wrap was so tight and glued, and wasn't easy to open up. The stakes themselves are too short, 5' and "Strong steel core stakes" is laughable at best. These "Strong steel core stakes" are the same stakes available at Home Depot, Lowes, or any local nursery, and while they're okay, "strong" is not a word I'd use to describe them. You want strong, get rebar. I ended up putting these "Strong steel core stakes" around an obelisk that I am using for my cucumbers, which fit perfectly when I attached the 2 remaining rows of the supports together. Too small, too flimsy.
The materials that this Aerator was manufactured from, were worthless. I took it out of the box, and went outside to stir my compost pile. Two days ago, I had removed the sticks, which had mixed into the vines, leaves and such that were in the pile. This left me with about a foot of well degraded plant material, mixed with dirt, and random fine roots. I started to jab the pointed end into the pile. However, the wings which are suppose to fold down and then stir the pile, simply stayed up. I would pull them down manually, and when it was placed back into the pile, they'd immediately fold back up. &#34;At least the bottom tip is mixing up the mulch&#34; I thought to myself. After about 15-20 minutes, I looked at the tip, which was bent to the side about 45 degrees. The cheap paint on the steel (? ) had flaked off the tip too. Usually garden tools last a lifetime. In fact, I have garden tools I inherited from uncles long dead, so they are lasting TWO lifetimes. Nevertheless I can accept if a garden tool only lasts a few decades. Or at least lasts a few years. But when you get a tool, and it only lasts a FEW MINUTES? Perhaps the company changed the materials that they make the aerator from, or they changed the company that they subcontracted to mold the metal tip. If you look at other recent reviews, others have also encountered the tip bending over, or the wings that bend down so you can stir, not bending down. I hope the company fixes this problem, because this seems to be a good tool for mixing the compost pile. Unless you have a shovel. Tip bent after 20 minutes of use.
Unfortunately I'm not able to recommend this product as it appears to have poor quality control. This arrived with a broken handle/hose bib despite no evidence of wear/tear to the box or packing. Basically unable to use in current condition and trying to find a replacement hose bib that fits to repair isn't worth the time or effort of driving across town with this thing in tow. AVOID. Arrived with broken hose bib.
I have two gardens, one off of each end of the house. They need a lot of watering. It's always been extra work adjusting the water flow from the hose. (Walking back and forth to the house each time). I tried the hose "Y's" which have a switch to adjust the flow at the garden, but they're on the ground, generally upside down and are hard to adjust since the levers are very small. The Bib Extender has been placed next to the garden with the hose attached. With the faucet on at the house, it is an easy and convenient way to adjust the water flow. It is up a couple of feet and has a good faucet handle. The shaft which goes into the ground is very solid and the whole unit is simple. I did find that it is important to use a pliers to tighten the hose connection onto the Bib Extender to prevent leaks. I also find this true on the house faucets since the "rubber" seals are generally plastic, not rubber anymore. I have had the water on at the house for a few days and see no problem with leaking. I will just leave the water on at the house and use only the Bib Extender for turning on and off the water and making adjustments. As of May 24, 2014 the on/off handle broke off in just normal use. The product should not be purchased. Yard Butler.
I have many styles of bird feeders all around my yard. This seemed like it would be a pretty addition; one that I thought would look lovely outside my window. I loved the idea that it closed when something heavy landed on it. I have other feeders that do this so I thought that this would be made the same way and react to weight the same way as the others. It did NOT. When anything heavier than a goldfinch landed on it it would close---and STAY that way. At first I thought I just had very stupid birds - they would land on the feeder and then hop around like they were looking for a port they could eat out of. But when I went out to see what was wrong, I saw their dilemma. They just couldn't find a port because the whole thing just closed and stayed closed. It was this way not matter how I adjusted the springs. I don't want my feathered friends to starve, so I will be taking this down right this minute. Can Not Recommend.
I would have rated this feeder a "0" or - 1 star if available. I bought this feeder about 9 months ago and should have taken it back then. The birds liked it at first, then stopped feeding from it even though it was 3/4 full of seeds. When I took it down, I saw that the remaining 3/4 of the seed were wet and matted together in a moldy "brick". It took about one hour to "clean" it and clean up the mess in my kitchen. Neither the lid nor the base is removable for cleaning, so there's no way to remove and clean the seeds from half way down to the bottom. To prevent the squirrels getting the lid off, it's designed to pull up a little way and tilt to the side for adding seed. If you turn the feeder upside down to shake out the old seeds, the lid (spring mechanism) pops back in place. That doesn't really matter because the seeds are wet and compacted into a brick anyway. I had to push a 13" screwdriver into each port and try to loosen the seeds while running hot water through the top (cold water didn't work). I must have used 10 gallons or more of hot water and ran the garbage disposer the entire time I was attempting to clean this horrible "feeder". I bet it cost me $5 to clean the feeder. It's impossible to reach downward with a screwdriver to force the seeds loose, and you can't clean it because you can't get a brush in vertically. It's a HORRIBLE design. Once I flushed and poked most of the seeds out, I soaked the feeder in a big bucket of soapy water, then flushed it again. I still did not get out all the old moldy seeds. Since I could not get inside to dry it, I had to set the feeder on the floor near a heat register for THREE DAYS to dry it out. The birds left my yard and it took a couple weeks before they came back. After all that work, I decided that the wet seeds must have been a fluke -- perhaps the result of a heavy sideways rain or snow. So instead of returning the "feeder", I filled it again. Duh!! Within a week, the same thing happened. I took it down. It's been 9 months since I bought it, but I'm returning it to Lowe's tomorrow. This bird feeder is readily available for $19. 99 at ANY big box store, yet online stores still try to sell it for much more. This feeder isn't worth 50 cents EXCEPT… for the fun of watching the squirrels try to get the seed. They cannot, and after less than a week, they gave up and went away. After that, I couldn't even use the feeder for fun. Buy a Brome feeder, and buy a 16-18" diameter clear dome to hang over the top. It protects the birds from the weather while they eat. Of all the feeders in my yard, birds prefer the one with the dome. 10" and 12" domes don't protect the birds or the ports. UPDATE: I never complained to Woodstream Corp. about this feeder. However, Woodstream saw my review and a Customer Rep. sent me the nicest letter! She said "Your comments concerning the design and experience cleaning this model feeder have been shared with our product development team. " I believe Woodstream genuinely cares about customers and making good products. To make up for my inconvenience with the Perky-Pet 336 Squirrel-Be-Gone Wild Bird Feeder, Woodstream sent me a Perky-Pet 337 Squirrel-Be-Gone Wild Bird Feeder as a replacement. It has three tubes so I can use 3 different kinds of seeds, and the lid comes off by unscrewing a large knob on top. Much easier! I didn't like the Perky-Pet 336 Squirrel-Be-Gone Wild Bird Feeder, but I LOVE Customer Service at Woodstream Corp.!! It's top notch--more than a 5-star rating. THANK YOU, Woodstream. Worst Bird Feeder I EVER Bought.
It's an interesting design but has a major flaw: The feeder tube is plastic and squirrels chewed through it in just a few weeks. Now the seed just pours out and the feeder useless. Junk.
When I germinate seeds in peat pots, I put the pots in cooking trays and keep some water in them which effectively becomes a self-watering container. The Jiffy pots held up well. These basically fell apart when I tried to plant the germinated plants. I would not use again. Don't Hold Up Well when Wet.
I have used the peanut butter Suit cakes from this company with great success to the point the birds fought over it, HOWEVER this Suit DD-24 melt into a blob in 90 - 100 degree temperatures we have been having and the birds take one peck and leave it for seeds. Now I'm stuck with 11 more of these things. If my birds become active (I'll give it another 2 weeks) with this I'll update and make an edit but right now it's thumbs down and I should have ordered more of what worked before (peanut butter suit). Melts and my birds won't eat it.
It appears to just randomly beep! Sweeping the same area gives different results very time. No volume control, so when it beeps its very annoying. I tried to locate some buried copper wires without success. They are buried 1 foot deep and this thing missed them and then beeped in other areas doing one pass but not the other. I even went over an area that had the clear line of where the ire was buried, and it didn't beep once. Yawn. Waste of time. Junk.
Before I start this review, I do need to preface it with the fact that I ordered this from the Warehouse deals section here in amazon. It was used, so I don't know if that is a factor or not. That said, we had to return this saw. It never did cut through anything at all. The chain kept falling off, no matter how many times we put the thing back on, it just wouldn't stay on. Even took it to our neighbor, who is quite the handyman to look at and well, his opinion of it - you really can't say those types of words here! I suppose if we reordered it again, new this time, that it might be different. I'm not taking a chance, however, and I'm ordering the McCulloch here on amazon instead. We've had 50 years of success with their chainsaws and well, guess I should have ordered that one in the first place. My purpose for writing this review is a bit of a beware if you're ordering something like this from Amazon's warehouse deals. They don't check them very well sometimes when someone returns them and you can really wind up with a "dud. " Something as dangerous as a chainsaw can be, that could be quite worrisome. I've had other items from the warehouse that had mismatched parts and after I returned them, they put them back online for someone else to buy! Brother! Just be careful, sometimes you really get what you pay for, or don't, in this situation. Not that great - sent it back.
I really so wanted this to be a 5 star rating, but! I ordered this after the snows of last year to be ready for the new year snow. I only needed it now because some neighborhood boys made me an offer I could not refuse and they shoveled me out the last snow. But the Mid Adlantic storm hit us hard in Jersey and I could not get any takers so I dug out my new machine. I bundled up with scarf and hat and I was ready. I was so excited to try my new toy. I pluged it in and nothing!!! Not even a whirrrr. Nothing. I changed outlets, a different cord still NOTHING!! I had to shovel what I have 'cause another one is coming tomorrow, urgh! I took it back to our local place I got it from and asked if they possibly had another, no. There were 5 standing in the corner, dare I ask? They all did not start and were going back I am not too angry, in fact I am going to try again since I believe it is a good product in general. If I hear anyone mention that granny (that is me) should not use this because it is heavy I will scream. They can come to my house and try out how heavy it is to shovel 2 feet of snow with a hand shovel. I know I would have to shave the snow blah blah blah, but I know it would be a lot easier than what I just did. Don't even mention condos (been there done that) and nursing homes (will never do that), I can probably shovel faster and longer than any youngen' :)If I get another one that works I hope I can up the rating, I am happy it works for most of you. Happy shoveling I hate to give this one star.
Isn't the main feature of this gas can supposed to be that it cuts off automatically? Well, it does NOT do that and I am amazed at the rave reviews others have posted. Yes, it can be no-spill, but you have to cut the gas off manually. If you expect it to cut off automatically you will have gas everywhere. This is a deal-breaker for me and the source of my deep disappointment and disgust with this product. I followed the instructions and watched the videos on the manufacturer's site and the first time I tried to fill my edger's tank it overfilled and gushed all over and I had to quickly release the pushbutton to stop it. I tried again on my mower and it also never shut off and flowed over the sides of the tank. This gas can is a ridiculous waste of money. I bought three of these having blindly believed the good reviews, the videos on the manufacturer's site, and what seemed to me to be the soundness of the concept. Well, I now have some expensive gas cans that are no better than the traditional ones they were supposed to replace. I contacted the company and tried all their suggestions. These included making sure the cap is on super tight, making sure the spout is vertical down into the opening, and pushing the green button fully. Do those things and the gas is supposed to stop flowing when the tank is full. That would be great except that the gas continues to flow at an alarming rate as gasoline gushes everywhere. They do not shut off; they never shut off until the button is released. I have three of these silly over-hyped gas containers and truly wasted my money on them. If you are expecting them to shut off by themselves as advertised, you will be very disappointed, as I am. Does not auto shutoff. Gas goes everywhere!
These are great chairs, if you never take them outside, or let them get wet. Both of the ones I ordered rusted within three weeks (see pic posted in customer images), so I sent one back for a refund, and kept one. The reason I kept one is because I really do love the chairs, from the color, which is unique, and a perfect match for pool water, to the comfort, which is amazing. REALLY comfortable, and I personally had no problems with the locking mechanism (it IS very cheap plastic, though, so I doubt it will last more than a couple years if that). BUT, the rust… big problem. Obviously they didn't coat the hardware (screws and such), as these rust first. Next the metal to metal contact areas of the chair rusted (they just spray the powder coating on, so this is just a poor spray job, since it IS possible to get this right). This is a major problem since this is all along the frame, and immediately visible. Based on recent reviews vs. first reviews, I also believe Strathwood either changed manufacturers mid production, or the manufacturer themselves changed the process, or machinery… because the more recent reviews complain about rust quite often, but older reviews do not (and some of those even state they have left outdoors no problems). Love the chair, hate the rust.
I have reviewed a couple of other mouse traps (the green plastic Smart Mouse Trap & the Havahart 1020) which work perfectly - this trap sat in the same garage where I am catching a mouse per day with the other traps, and its caught nothing in months. It is a novel idea that I appreciate as an engineer, but mice avoid it. these are useless, but hey, they were cheap.
I want to start out saying that anyone that wants to save a mouse is borderline retarded. They are disease carrying vermin on the bottom of the food chain. When caught by a fox, cat or other predator, they are slowly torn apart live or chewed live. Setting one loose in the woods thinking you are saving it will likely do one of two things. 1. Sentence it to a much more violent and cruel death. 2. Allow it to breed so you can have hundreds (yes, hundreds) more in its place. And many of these will find their way into homes. I tried these traps along side much much cheaper glue traps and snap traps. The glue traps and snap traps were effective. Not one of these caught a gosh darned thing. When placed adjacent to traps of other types, they never touched the bait on the door entrance and never went in, but were snapped or glued instead every time. The mice choose the death traps over and over in favor of these useless pieces of plastic junk. And now that I have them, they will likely end up at a local dump for 50000 years before they break down. Nice. Complete Joke On The So Called Humane, and non-biodegradable.
Useless product--didn't work for me at all. I trap mice all the time in the metal cages and thought this would be a good alternative, but never caught one critter. Sorry, charlie. mice cube.
Sorry, but this did not rotate smoothly. It squeeked and chunked around at an uneven rate and just did not work on my relatively new Weber Genesis NG model. I called Weber and they said that each year the models change slightly, perhaps just a few centimeters which may prevent attachments from fitting correctly. The lady's final bit of information: &#34;Things aren't always perfect in the manufacturing process&#34;. Many people have called attention to that ring &#34;handle&#34; at the end of the rotisserie. I too found it to be a terrible design flaw. You can't grab ahold of it to remove the rotisserie, it's very awkward, and very hot. Sadly, I had to this item. Oh my, the noise!
Do not buy. The thumb is offset at a angle that makes gripping impossible. I boought some welding gloves instead. Grilling mitt.
I ordered this to replace the basket on my Weber that had become rusted. Although it says it is the correct replacement part on the label it comes up short. Beware when ordering this product. Not sure if the mix up is on the manufacturing end or not. Basket Too Short!!!
This item was something I was anxious to get. But after receiving it I was a little disappointed. Extremely small… smaller than expected. the first time I used it, the handle jammed and when I tried to extend it the couple inches that it does extend, it was stuck. I dont like this item at all and would not recommend it. Go to the nearest hardware store and buy a small camping shovel. Does much better at 5 bucks or so. Use a spoon instead.
This product gives me nightmares. Unlike the mostly successful Rat trap from Tomcat, this trap does not kill the mice but maims them instead. Whereas the rat snap trap would have an occasional rat that would get caught in with a paw instead of the entire body, this trap doesn't actually have enough power to kill the mouse. This means that you will have to do the job yourself if you catch a mouse in the trap. To add to that, the mouse in the trap will be bloody, in pain, and in a lot of shock from possibly being stuck in the trap for hours. This is just not worth it. Stay away! there are plenty of other more humane ways to deal with unwanted visitors.
Of all the Tomcat products, this one has to be the worst. If it works at all, it tortures the poor mouse victim. If you're a sadist into torturing little animals, this is for you. If you're a decent person, get something that's more humane to take care of any rodent problem. Recommended for sadists only.
I really like the Motomco Tomcat Rat Snap Trap version. . . powerful, easy to set, and well-designed for a reliable catch/kill. I looked forward to good results from this Tomcat Mouse Snap Trap, and in fact had a ready test subject targeted, as my daughter had been reporting a mouse intruder in her 100 year old Victorian home with dungeon like basement. I told her to hold off on deploying her old wood traps so I could try out these just-received Tomcat Mouse Snap Traps. This mouse version of the trap was indeed, like the rat version, easy to set. Just push on the heel of the lid, and it pivots and locks open. That was where the good times ended. First problem was stolen bait. I didn't have any of the recommended "Tomcat Mouse Attractant Gel" in my possession, so I tried pressing on a little glob of trusty sharp cheddar. Problem is there's really nothing to press the bait onto but an essentially smooth plastic bait/trip platform. I suspected the bait might get stolen. It was. And the second try also. By this time, I was sure the mouse would be back for try number three, as this trap was just essentially functioning as a feeding station. This third try, I fashioned a paper clip to slip over the edge of the bait/trip platform and help hold the bait in place. It worked. A successful capture this time, but. . . . It didn't kill the mouse. I was left with the task of having to put a trembling badly injured mouse out of its suffering. I felt as sorry for the little guy as I would have a suffering dog or cat, and felt terrible for having put it in this state of injury. I have trapped many mice over the years with the old-fashioned wooden Victor type traps. Nine out of ten times (or more) they produced an instant kill. That's what I'm looking for. I give the Tomcat Mouse Snap Trap a star for being easy to set with no pinched fingers, and they are indeed not likely to injure your children or pets. But I consider these traps unacceptably inhumane and will not use these Tomcat mouse traps again. East set. Stolen bait. A failed kill.
After using the old wooden mouse traps for years, I discovered they just don't seem to work as well as they used to and mice would often lick the traps clean. So, I began buying different traps to experiment and see if I could find a better trap. The TOMCAT REUSABLE MOUSETRAP was one of the traps I tried. The traps say that they offer a "clean to-touch disposal" whose "patented design is guaranteed effective". I should have contacted the company about that guarantee because these traps do not work at all. I tried using these traps for a week. Each morning I would awaken to find the traps still set, but licked clean of the peanut butter and cheese. After trying to catch mice for a week using TOMCAT REUSABLE MOUSE TRAPS I gave up and threw the traps away. Even though the wooden traps aren't as reliable as they used to be, they at least caught a mouse eventually. These traps are a waste of money. DO NOT buy. Waste of Time and Money.
Great looking base, but does not fit Q100 grill. Fits all of the others, but not the 100 model. Stupid! I will probably end up rigging a base platform for the Q100 to sit on, maybe out of cement backerboard. It is good looking, and does a nice job of hiding the propane tank. Some of the nuts weren't machine right resulting in a trip to the hardware store. Does NOT fit Q100 grill.
This item does NOT &#34;hold up&#34;. . . after several weeks, it starts leaking and some of the 'functions' do not work like when it was new. . . AND when you screw it on a metal hose end.. there is something in the 'composition' of the female end that permanently 'bonds' with the hose, making it impossible to unscrew! It is like a chemical reaction between the nozzle and the hose end that cements the two together!! NOW, I have to cut the end of the hose off, to change out the nozzle. . . UNACCEPTABLE!! UNACCEPTABLE!!
Regarding the Gilmour brass garden hose nozzle models 528 and 528T528 (rubber jacketed verison of the 528T):I bought this Gilmour nozzle first and… It Broke!!! well, LEAKS is a better choice of words… where the shaft of the inner core mates with the base of the nozzle that screws onto the hose. They are two separate parts that appear to be press-fit togetther! And it leaks alot… not just drip, 2 seconds, drip.. it has become a small trickle. Worse, the core and the outer twist part now spin at the faulty juncture effectively preventing the adjustability of the spray. To try and make this clearer, I can no longer grasp the long outer jacket and twist to adjust the spray, because it spins at the faulty juncture. Haven't even had it 4 months. 528T:I bought this nozzle based soley on the positive reviews. Upon inspection of this nozzle when it arrived, it became immediately clear that the same 'press-fit' manufacturing technique was used in the assembly of the 528T as in the rubber jacketed 528. The Gilmour products that utilize this 'press fit' manufacturing technique have, in my experience, an unacceptable failure rate, and are not the perfect hose nozzles we thought they might be… but this one might be:Dramm 12380 Heavy-Duty Brass Adjustable Hose NozzleWarrantyGilmour covers this product, (and presumably the 528), with a 'Lifetime Replacement Policy' stating they will replace the product free of charge. They do not provide a telephone number on the packaging but rather an address, and a P. O. box number at that. I have no doubt they will send you another one, 'free of charge'. But who wants it? Especially in light of the fact that there are better products out there that cost no more. I understand few people like negative reviews but I really am trying to save you $10!
I recently ordered several live traps because the reviews on all were mixed. The Kness Tip Trap has worked for us. Don't remember which ones I ordered, but it appears I never received this one. Guess I didn't get this one?
I&#8217;m the type of person who believes every product deserves a fair chance, boy was I wrong with this one! Yes I admit the idea was great but it does not work. I properly hooked this up and used the supplied spike to give this the leverage I felt it needed; I even tightened the hose securely and used the washers that were suggested with this purchase. It leaked all over the ground and left a puddle in my grass, and this wasn't even the beginning of my issues. I adjusted the noodles with the water off and they still wouldn&#8217;t stay bent once the water was on. I tried to adjust them with the water on and still no luck. This leaves puddles, it does not cover the areas well it just sprays in the air and hits the grass leaving a big mess. It almost seems like it&#8217;s missing something maybe a mist feature? Overall save your money with this one a buy a sprinkler. The Gilmour 196SPB Pattern Master Impulse Sprinkler on Polymer Sled Base works great for me! I left a review for this item as well. Listen To The Reviews With This One!
Nothing but flimsy cardboard shoved inside cheap plastic. If you have slippers or sandles, you'll be OK… butanything more, forget it. I'm looking to replace this piece of garbage. Save your money and put it toward something more substantial… not this. JUNK, PLAIN & SIMPLE.
I bought this smoker and great hopes for it, but quickly ran into problems. The smoker/wood chip area comes in two parts - a holder box and a tray. The holder box was not attached correctly and where you put in the chips was not even attached to the side of the box correctly. It was at an angle. The smoker tray I received seemed to have been manufactured in an incorrect size and wouldn't fit in the holder. The tray also seems to have been made from very thin and cheap metal. I can't imagine that it would last very long. Screws were missing for the electronic controls. As a result I couldn't even put it together and ended up taking it back. I guess the 90 day warranty should have been a clue, but Amazon doesn't mention that fact. Admittedly this is an inexpensive Chinese made smoker, but the quality I got is the worst I've ever had in a consumer product. I am still looking for an electric smoker, but will go for a more expensive stainless steel model. Most of these come with two year parts warranties. Buyer Beware. Addon - Masterbuilt finally admitted that I had a faulty unit and sent me a replacement. The new replacement was of much better construction and went together easily. 90 day Warranty - I returned mine.
I bought this last summer based on the positive reviews that it had. I was hoping for the best and this was a great umbrella while it lasted (about 2 months), but the top bar snapped during a light wind gust one day. BAM! The umbrella was open and it just suddenly landed on the table underneath it. The pole was still standing, just the fabric part of the umbrella (where it was attached at the top center) is what broke off. From the beginning I knew it never could be open on a slightly windy day because of blowing over. You can only have this open on a day when the air is very still. You must also buy patio blocks or some sort of weighted devices to keep it in place. I couldn't believe how quickly it tipped over every day I had it opened when there was any bit of a breeze. It was not repairable and I had to throw it out before mid-summer. It did give nice shade while it lasted so I gave it one star. Ace Evert Offset Umbrella didn't last 2 months!
I started using this "device" after finding evidence of a mole in my yard, but I believe the mole left before I inserted this "solar spike", so I can't at this point be particularly positive or negative about the product. I do plan on using it again if more moles or gophers appear this spring, so I will follow up on this review then. Review Update as of September 1, 2013: Having used this device for a reasonable period of time, I can attest to the fact that it apparently does not work! Another reviewer has said that it seems to work, but only in harder soils. The reason it "seems" to work in hard soils is that moles don't LIKE hard soil, so they move to where you are watering or elsewhere to soft soil. I recently noticed a HUGE mole hole just a couple feet from this Sweeney spike, where the soil is softer. Moles really don't seem to mind these sonic devices, because as long as they find soft soil, they quickly adapt to the sonar output. Update: This product simply doesn't work!
I selected the Sip & Seed feeder from Vine because I do love to watch birds, and especially want to provide water. It's so much fun to watch birds play in water on a hot day! I used shelled safflower for the feed side. We moved last year, and at our old place we had no squirrels at all. But there are a few here, and after doing some research decided on safflower meats. Yes, it is more expensive, but I don't have to clean up hulls. I've had lots of wrens, and a cardinal (maybe two, I'm not sure), and some sparrows. No blue jays yet, but they don't usually come to feeders in these parts till later in the year. I hung the feeder from a shepherd's hook. It looks fabulous right now, but I don't think the plastic reservoirs are going to hold up, and the way they're made, they're kind of difficult to clean. To be honest, I haven't had any takers for water yet, but we've had rain every day for weeks. It only stopped raining yesterday. Come summer, bacteria and mold can build up in that plastic, and if you've ever owned a plastic feeder, you know how difficult it is to remove oil from the seeds and mildew from wet, hot plastic. Eventually the wind and birds will scratch it too. Well, really, the most important thing is safe feeding and watering for the birds, right? Glass would be pretty heavy, but much easier to clean. Yes, this is a nice-looking dual feeder/waterer. But you can get a much cheaper, uglier but functional feeder with a tray and perch for about ten dollars; just get one made with easy-access openings for cleaning and enjoy birding! 4/4/12 - I came back to update my review. This thing is absolutely horrible. The wind rocks both units, causing the water to spill out. When it gets close to empty, the wind blows that one clean off! So I started using just the seed container, with the safflower. Well, the safflower gets jammed in the feeder. I was very excited at first, but the birds stopped coming because the seed was all stuck up in the jar. And the first time the seed gets wet? Fuhgeddaboutit. You have to empty it and refill. I finally gave up on it. Epic Fail.
My order arrived promptly and in un-damaged condition. After just 3 days of use, the Orbit #62024 Watering Timer started leaking internally -- and it got progressively worse for the next 2 days. Attempts to repair it were useless, as the cheap plastic construction gave signs of more problems in the future. I wasted my money on this poorly-made piece of junk, but Amazon's great Returns Policy made good for the bad unit. I'm hoping for better luck with another Orbit model. UPDATE -- 20 December,2012 --I tried a different model -- Orbit 91213 One-Dial Garden Hose Digital Water Timer -- it was very easy to set up, and has been working very well for several months, with no sign of leaks or malfunction. UPDATE #2 -- 30 August,2013 --Orbit Model #91213 has performed flawlessly for over a year with no leaks, no failures, nor problems of any kind. That said, I would suggest buying the Orbit #91213 -- and forget about the #62024. Good Luck!! It's a worthless LEAKER!!
I purchased this item last April, but I didn't use it a lot. I only use my hose occasionally to clean up the yard after my dog. At the beginning, the hose nozzle worked fine. After a while, it started leaking in one place and then it leaked in more and more places as I continued using it, getting to the point where even my clothes got wet. I noticed that I am not the only buyer having the leaking problem with this nozzle. This item went in the garbage now and I ordered a different one also from Amazon. com. Waste of Money.
I have an old galvanize can (antique) that looks very similar to this one. I was hopeful… (sigh)The can arrived and the first thing I noticed is how flimsy it is. The galvanized metal is so much thinner than the old-timey ones… typical for all modern products, I suppose. The second thing I noticed is where it's made. No, not China… Mexico. Figures. The screw off nozzle did screw off, but then wouldn't screw back on. Why? Because the thread is almost non-existent. But I'm fairly handy and was able to jury-rig it back on. Water pours from the nozzle much better than any plastic model off the shelf, I will give it that. The wire carrying handle, with the cheap little plastic hand guard is just that… cheap, cheap and flimsy. After one season in the sun the plastic will get brittle and crack for sure… I've already duct taped mine to make a more useful hand guard with a bit of cushioning. Why didn't I return it? I should have… it most certainly is NOT worth the money, but I'm stubborn and too lazy to shop for another watering can. (How odd that I will gladly haul water back and forth on 2 acres all day, but the effort to shop for a better can just seems too daunting. ) You're kidding me, right? $65 bucks!
I placed a Safer moth trap in 2 separate enclosed closets. After 30 days, neither trap had lured a single moth. The traps themselves are paperboard with a sticky side. A small square of pheromones is in a separate packet. You have to open the packet and put the square on the sticky paperboard. Easy enough. The Safer product just didn't work for me. Easy product to assemble, but zero results. Traps Still Empty After 30 Days.
I understand that this product is to be used to alert you to moths in your home. It is obviously not a trap used to eliminate them or rid you of the pesky guys. We have an existing moth issue, so I knew ahead of time that it was already a problem. I figured testing theSafer Brand Clothes Moth Alert Trapwas going to be quick and easy and an excellent way to show that it works. So we placed the trap alerts in two closets that we currently see moths in and then watched and waited; a couple days, a week, two weeks and a month. Unfortunately it didn't trap one moth in either closet during that entire time, yet we still see them fluttering around. Overall I can't recommend a product that was a complete failure. Didn't alert us even with existing moths.
In my opinion, the product description is misleading, however the box this product arrives in is very clear. It states, "This product is designed to alert you to a potential problem and is designed to trap adult moths, NOT the larvae which do the actual damage. " If you catch moths in your closet, you are advised to thoroughly clean all clothing. The product is basically two cardboard traps with sticky sides and bait you unwrap and insert. There was no picture showing how to insert, so I'm not sure if I have installed it properly. They recommend hanging the product at eye level, but there is no attachment for hanging. Basically I found this product to be very cheaply made with a misleading description on Amazon and very poor instructions. So I am not pleased and can't recommend this product. Alerts you to a moth problem; does not solve it.
Earlier this year, I put some Safer Pantry Moth Traps in my kitchen and essentially watched my moth problem disappear. The pheromone-based trap was a powerful magnet for moths and within a couple of weeks, I had dozens of dead moths stuck to the inside of the trap. So I was optimistic about Safer's Clothing Moth Traps, since I began noticing tiny moths flying around my bedroom. Unfortunately, after two weeks of having the traps in the bedroom and closet, I haven't caught one moth, though I still see them flying around. I'm assuming the pheromone is different since these moths are not the same as those who infest pantries. Whatever it is though, it isn't working. Not recommended. Not Nearly as Effective as the Pantry Moth Traps.
Save your money. I only tried because my originals aren't carried any more. I'm trying Pro Pest next. These are AWFUL! Buy a fly swatter!
I bought these moth traps, because the moths were eating through suits, shirts, and even my cotton shower curtain. I had them out for at least two weeks and they didn't catch one moth. If I could give these traps a"0" I would because that is how many moths they caught. I started using Pro-Pest Pheronet "Pheromone Trap" and they caught moths right away and many of them, by day's end. These don't work.
We definitely have a small infestation of moths in our home. This problem just started earlier this year, and never had a problem until now. But sadly, the only thing this lure trap collects is dust. The box contains two triangular folded traps with glue on two walls inside of them. The bottom is where you put the. 5" paper which contains pheromones to attract the male moths. Knowing that we definitely have a problem and understanding that this is designed to lure the males to it, I just can't imagine that they would all be females. Sorry, I just cannot recommend this Safer Clothes Moth Alert trap, at this time. No Moths Just Dust.
After using this for half a season I finally got tired of a bad mow job and having to take the blower and go around the lawn and blow the clumps apart. I mow often, every 3 days, I even tried raising the deck to see if that would help. I bought an OEM Toro blade and swapped it out and just mowed the lawn. My lawn looks great again, no streaks, no clumps, I even lowered the deck a notch before I started mowing. It's night and day, I thought from reviews this might do a better job at a lower cost, not for me. Maybe different grasses have different results, I live in Minnesota and have thick grass. I would not recommend this product and would never buy again. Leaves streaks in the lawn & clumps of grass.
We bought two gallons of Wet and Forget at Costco. Applied per directions to some very moldy/ mildewey wood decking as well as a very mildewey painted wall and waited as directed. After 3 months of zero improvement, we applied again and scrubbed with a brush, (but did not rinse). This loosened up about 50% of the black mildew and with the next rains, it rinsed away. One year later, we can see some minor "peeling" effect of the remaining mildew layer on about 25% of the deck, but most of the deck simply returned to it's original back nastiness. I would say that the mildew has actually gotten worse over the last year, not better. We finally pressure washed it and then reapplied the wet and forget thinking that it might help prevent the return on the black mildew, but it hasn't. In the deck areas that get hit by the sprinklers, the wood is black again after only 4 months. The moldy wall never improved beyond our scrubbing efforts despite reapplication of the Wet and Forget. I don't know if the product just can't perform in extreme hot/humid conditions like South Florida or we got a bad batch, but I would not recommend this product. We went back to pressure washing after one year of trial with Wet and Forget. Pressure washing takes about the same amount of time to do as applying W&F and results are instant and beautiful. Does not work on wood or painted surfaces in South Florida.
I'm confused why the micro bubbler needs to be staked. I thought this was a microspray since it is staked, but the pattern reaches just a few inches from the emitter. I guess if you were watching the spray as the system was on and you wanted the LOOK of the pattern being level, the stake would be useful. Other than that, it seems unjustifiable expense. I'm glad I only bought one pack. If you want a micro bubbler and don't need it staked, then I recommend the Nsstar set B00DW5GN0G. A much better value (without a stake. ) Why.
Experiments have shown that BPA is harmful to animals with negative impacts on functions including development, metabolism, reproductive activity and many more (E. g. , see Science Daily "Harmful effects of bisphenol A demonstrated experimentally", January 22, 2013, or Google for a very long list of other articles. The danger of BPA has pretty well become common knowledge at this point and doesn't seem to be disputed. )I emailed Aspects to ask if this feeder contains BPA because it was not clear that it did not. They replied that Aspects does use BPA in this and all their other polycarbonate feeders. They also explicitly stated that they have no current intent to make a BPA-free feeder. Let's encourage them to change that stance! I think it goes without saying that we should not be feeding our beautiful wildlife chemicals that harm them if we care about them as much as we like to think we do. Even if one isn't concerned about the first generation of hummingbirds, consider the likely possibility that the chemicals are also transferred to offspring during gestation and may accumulate through generations. Furthermore, consider the food chain and the general fact that we're putting these chemicals out in our environment. Nalgene and other companies have removed BPA from their plastics and still make very strong and aesthetic water bottles without it. This feeder has many _great_ properties, but it's not the only feeder with them; personally I will buy alternatives (of which there are plenty) until Aspects decides to make a BPA-free hummingbird feeder to purchase one of theirs. I would love to see them do so. Made with bisphenol A (BPA) a chemical known to harm reproductive ability, development, and metabolism in animals.
The Rapitest, besides having a horrible product name, cannot consistently measure soil moisture. You are better off using your finger or a dry Popsicle stick. In addition, the optimal meter readings that they provide for various plants is way off. I would kill my plants if I used them. It's a shame because I really wanted to like this product because it is easy to use. However, ease of use does not matter when the product does not work at all. Does not consistently meter moisture.
I guess I should have read all the reviews… I got this the other day and opened it tonight to try on my plants. I tried my cactus's first… indicator showed dry… thought ok, haven't watered them in awhile. Then I tried it on some plants I just watered yesterday… dry again. Humm… cannot be correct. Put the probe in a glass of water… still dry. Obviously this is defective or cheap. It's going back and I'll look for another… Does Not Work.
Reading the hype on the packaging, the Rhino-Tuff looks impressive. First, the unit employs eight cutting strings instead of four or two. Second, the round rubber string holders are able to rotate 360 degrees with ease. This design minimizes shock and abrasion on the cutting strings - requiring less reloads and saving money.. After using the Rhino-Tuff, I find the product ineffective. Here are my complaints:. 1. The retail price is twice the price of its competitor, the Grass Gator 5600.. 2. The rotating string holder works great in avoiding string abrasion and breakage. When the cutting strings hit concrete, a fence, tree, or rock, they pivot away - shock and abrasion are minimized. After trimming my yard, there is very little wear on the strings. Compared to my Grass Gator 5600 Trimmer Head, I average two to three reloads.. Unfortunately the Rhino-Tuff is terrible in its prime function - cutting grass. When the strings hit grass, all pivot away instead of cutting through. They bunch together and knock the grass down in a circle. The situation requires you to do a second, third, or fourth sweep with the weed whacker to complete the cut. As a result, it takes two to three times longer to do yard work. . . . The few cents savings on string are not enough to compensate for the extra time needed to trim grass.. 3. The Rhino-Tuff is not 100% compatible with all the grass trimmers in the market. The kit comes with three stainless steel nuts to attach the unit to the weed whacker. That is not enough to work with minor brands like Hitachi, Tanaka, or Stihl.. I have a Hitachi CG 24EKS. I was able to attach the device by using one of the nuts from my Grass Gator 5600 kit and purchasing a steel washer with a 0. 5 inch hole from Lowes.. Given all the reasons listed above, the conclusion is obvious. Save your money and buy the Grass Gator 5600. Buy the Grass Gator 5600.
The way they are pictured, it seems simple to just place them individually and light them. In fact, they come in one 6-cube by 4-cube mass of cubes. Each cube is attached to at least three other cubes by the plastic cut that surrounds each cube. Also, each cube has a aluminum foil on top of it to seal the flammable material in the plastic cup. The first challenge is how to separate them. They do not just pull apart. I cut mine with a scissors, which resulted in small pieces of the flammable material all over my counter. Then I wondered, do I remove the foil? Is the plastic cup flammable? There are no answers to these questions on the packaging. That precedes the question of how to ignite the cubes once charcoal has been stacked on top of them. There are three answers to that question, a long fireplace match, a propane torch or charcoal lighter fluid. My choice was the latter and viola, instant flames, and assumed Weber lighter cube ignition. What seems simple when reading the sales literature is in fact, not simple at all. And if you are using a chimney starter to light your charcoal, the problem will be magnified, although you could probably put charcoal in the chimney, hold it over your head to be able to see the cubes and ignite them with a butane lighter. (I would not recommend using this procedure if you would need to use lighter fluid to ignite the Weber cubes - unless there is a shower nearby with plenty of soap and water available. ) Very difficult to use.
We've tried just about all the traps out there - and basically, after tracking performance for about a year, the top performer in our warehouse was an old fashionedVictor Mouse TraporVictor Rat Trap. However, we had a trap-shy rat get inside the house. I was afraid it might be pregnant looking to nest (it *was*) and wanted to catch it quick before any pups were born. I tried D-Con poison only to learn that it could take up to 10 days for it to work, and I couldn't wait. I set several types of traps, including this one (I paid $4. 98 at Lowes) since the bait cup is large & you can put anything in it. The rat initially came upstairs to seek out some large chunk dog food, and since it was trap-shy, I thought it would be best to bait it with something familiar (the dog food is too big/heavy for a traditional trap). After 8 days of eluding us, this method worked within 4 hours (I give as much credit to the bait as to the trap). But it did NOT kill - the neck was stuck between the teeth of the trap. In an old fashioned Victor trap, it snaps on the neck, not the head, which is instant & humane. This was in the kitchen, I was not home, and my wife was severely traumatized. It was flopping around everywhere, bleeding and contaminating *everything* in the kitchen, peeing and pooping everywhere. It's rear claws scratched up the cabinet doors. My wife had to lock up our dog & cats, who were curious but were in harms way. Awful, awful, awful. This was hours of cleanup, and it was terribly inhumane. With a few tweaks, this could be a superb trap. But it did not do the job, and this was just awful folks. It doesn't matter if it's in your living space, or a basement, attic, warehouse, garage, etc… do you really want to spread blood, potential disease/tick/lice/etc everywhere? Ok, so here's our apples-to-apples comparison. 9-month experiment, testing 7 different products. We eradicated all the rats (11 total), and the oldest, simplest, cheapest trap is the clear winner:*Victor Old Fashioned Rat Trap- 7 (caught 7 of 11)* Tomcat Rat Snap - 1 (caught 1 of 11, but did NOT kill it)* D-Con Baitbits - Killed 3, but the bodies all ended up in a wall or floor, causing a HUGE stink and a HUGE mess to dig out. In one instance we had to remove part of a floor - took hours and cost hundreds of dollars. Given time, all the rodents may have eaten the bait, but the poison takes 3-10 days to take effect so it's hard to say. Poison has other problems - it gets spread around, it can be eaten by pets, or, a pet or wild animal might eat the dead/poisoned rodent. If you're going to use poison bait, we strongly recommend also using traps. *Victor Multi-Kill Electronic Mouse Trap- Zero (O). Left out for continuously for 9 months (270 days)*Tomcat Block Bait- Zero (0)* D-Con Rat Glue Traps - Zero (0) - This is an awful idea, just makes a mes. Avoid this! *Tomcat Wood Rat Trap- Zero (0), but the rat steals the bait every time. They do not snap. I whacked the trap with a broom handle and it still won't snap. Makes you wonder if the rat designed this one! Final note: If you need help placing your traps or learning about best baits, go to the Victor web site. Good information, quick & concise. My two cents on bait: any nut butter (peanut butter, etc) works great, mix in a small piece of bacon for good measure. However, if your rat came into your home/garage/building because they found a food source (like dog food, grain, etc), use that to bait your trap. Good luck! Catches the rat but only mames… makes a HUGE mess then YOU have to kill it. Comparison of 7 traps (read on… ).
worst fire ant killer ever bought in entire life. I applied to over six large fire ant hills and it did absolutely nothing at all, even when applied tons of it and few days later, still nothing, if anything mounds got even larger. will not buy again. I called customer service phone number on bag and lady sounded like an idiot. She said she will note to her managers that the product doesn't work on fire ants. thanks alot retard. will never buy again. total waste of money. worst fire ant killer ever bought in entire life.
This did little to slow the ant population. I feel doubly bad because I try to use as few pest products as possible, but am experiencing a LOT of them this year, from crawlies like ants to fungus on my grapes and apples. Using this was a last resort, but even so it made little difference. Sprinkled and watered, as directed, but not very effective, at least on my strain of ants. After a full month.
Really not good, lots and lots of red seeds that they do not eat, nothing eats the silage type red seeds and it is full of it, way to many and not good for my birds anyway. Ducks eat it tho. Bird Seed.
When I received my Dramm heavy-duty "brass" hose nozzle, I was shocked to see a warning on the package. This nozzle contains LEAD (as part of the brass), and you're supposed to wash your hands after using the nozzle. This is absurd and unacceptable, what do these companies think they're getting away with? I can't advise anyone to buy this or any other brass hose nozzle, unless there is clearly no lead used in the manufacturing process. Lead in the brass nozzle is unacceptable.
Well in my way of thinking was if this stuff was strong enough to Poison Ivy, Poison Oak and tree trunks like it claims??? Well hell surely can kill most simple vegetation??? So I thought… Surely I would get the best on both worlds… See I wanted to kill some simple weeds and grass in my flower bed along with some neighbors Ivy and Oak trying to grow onto my lawn. WRONG!!! This chit sucks like hell! It hasn't even killed any grass… Ok so I thought… Maybe I should try it on some actual brush, tree stumps or Poison vines of any kind. It has now been 8 days and I do NOT see anything I sprayed with it dying or even turning colors. Before I sat down and wrote this review. I did go back and spray everything twice but mostly three times. What a freaking joke this chit is!!! I bought two bottles. I will be returning the other. If any of you guys have ever read my reviews… I tell it the way the product has worked for me and me only. I do not speak for a neighbor or a friend. So I am saying, &#34;Stay away from this product!!! Try any other product besides this one for any use for killing any type of vegetation growing period!! &#34; Like I also said… &#34;This chit sucks!!! &#34; I hate this product! But it could be my fought???
We had a mouse roaming our basement and I decided to try this thing out. Always looking for a better mouse trap! Well, I baited it with some high quality peanut butter and put it to work. It's been more than two weeks and the thing has done nothing. Maybe the mouse is too smart for it, but I suspect it's more a case of the better mouse trap just isn't. Some reviews say it worked for them, but for me it did absolutely nothing. It's a Box With a Hot Plate.
Okay, so I was excited to get this. No more Decon or other poison in the house - good thing, right? Wrong. Placed this in the bathroom (mice seem to come in around the water heater pipes). First baited it with peanut butter. One week later, no dead mice, but lots of droppings. So tried small grains (as recommended by the mfg), still droppings - no mice. Tried bits of cotton, oatmeal and finally even cheese. After a month of this, I was still cleaning up droppings around the trap, but still no dead mice. As an experiment, took the last pack of mouse poison and placed it against the wall. Re-baited the trap with fresh peanut butter and positioned the trap in front of the poison pack. Within 3 hours, the trap had been pushed out of the way and the poison was gone. Guess what I'm using in the future? No, I would not recommend this trap at all. My Mice are too smart.
The instructions are simple enough. Install four AA cells in the battery compartment, bait the trap and turn it on. I followed those instructions but all I accomplished was feeding the bait to a mouse or mice. The trap came packaged with four new AA cells. I installed them in the trap, baited the trap, turned on the power, observed a green "ready" light and placed the trap where I knew mice had been. The next morning the green light was off and the bait was gone, but there were no dead mice. When I installed fresh AA cells, put fresh bait in the trap and turned it on for another try, the green light glowed briefly, the trap made a quiet buzzing sound and then the light went off indicating that the trap was ready. The next morning a conventional spring trap next to this trap had caught a mouse but no mice were electrocuted and the bait was still in the electronic mouse trap. Instructions packaged with the trap say that four AA cells will electrocute 100 mice before they need to be replaced. I enjoy and appreciate the benefits of modern technology, but my Victor M250Pro Professional Electronic Mouse Trap appears to be ineffective, or at the very least, not as effective as old-fashioned spring traps. Although Victor seems to always be trying to make the "better mousetrap", theirVictor Easy Set Mouse Trap 4 Pack M038remain most effective for me. If cost is an issue, this electric mousetrap is more than twenty times as expensive as their spring traps. If it had worked for me as advertised, it might be worth the extra expense for the convenience, but for me it has not worked at all. When or if it does, I'll be thrilled to come back to this review and report it. The Trap I Received Appears To Be Ineffective.
I tried peanut butter, and cat food. But neither attracted any mice. I keep checking and there new mice poops, but the light is still off and no critters are inside. the light does go on when I turn it on, so I know the batteries are good. Could be the mice in my neighborhood are just too smart.
It reads on the back, "Not for children under 6 or to be used around pets". "Wash off skin while inside". So, this is pretty much useless if you have an indoor mosquito and tick problem like I do. I travel and work on a freight boat where mosquito and tick are common amongst the dirty, smelly crew. I sleep in a hammock. The active ingredients cause skin burn, nose rash and general discharge of the eye Mucous membrane. So if you need it to sit on a sofa or bed, you'll get the active ingredients all over the place. Active ingredients.
It reads on the back, "Not for children under 6 or to be used around pets". "Wash off skin while inside". So, this is pretty much useless if you have an indoor mosquito and tick problem like I do. I travel and work on a freight boat where mosquito and tick are common amongst the dirty, smelly crew. I sleep in a hammock. The active ingredients cause skin burn, nose rash and general discharge of the eye Mucous membrane. So if you need it to sit on a sofa or bed, you'll get the active ingredients all over the place. Active ingredients.
IF there were 'negative stars', this would earn some! Just one more of a product which obviously is foreign made with no &#34;quality control&#34;. This is just the latest in a series of purchases which only 'work' a couple months, before they crap out and become worthless Lasts about a month, before starting to leak!
I put this out this spring when the wasps began visiting our garden. They flew around and totally ignored it! Not recommended. Didn't work.
I have mainly used Rescue traps with the fishy smell and they work very well. This is worthless and OK for a few really dumb flies as everything rots inside. Attracts no hornets and very few yellow jackets. Waste of money and I have seen flies and YJ's walk in and walk out. Worthless get Rescue.
Like others, followed the instructions to the letter. Yellow jackets completely ignored the trap, no interest in even investigating the neighborhood. 10 days, not a single bee or bug of any kind. Going to try the shop vac next. Worthless.
I wish I hand read the reviews here before I sunk my hard earned cash into this product. To be quite frank it is absolutely worthless. I actually have absolutely nothing against wasps, hornets and yellow jackets but they freak my nieces and newphews out when they visit. After placeing these around the outside of the house the stinging insects seemed to completely ignore them and went upon doing what every these critters do… eating and mating I suppose. Anyway, I will not be buying these again. Absolutely worthless.
I was actually excited to try this. I have a house on my property that has not been lived in for over 5 years, sothere are mice in there. I have tried regular mice traps with better success then this one. Put two of these traps in the house. One on the kitchen counter, one on the floor. I used Skippy peanut butter, as themice like that better then the kind I grind at the market. But after a week of leaving this mouse trap in the house for almost two week,Not one mouse bothered with this trap! I can see mouse pooped, but NO Mouse in the trap, or tried to get in!!! Needless to say, I'm disapointed, and now going to try those plug in things,and use the old type of wood mouse traps. Sorry I could not give a more positive review. I'am going to give this another try, and if it works, I will be back to update this review. looks good, but did't work!
Mice are a fact of life on a farm. I hate them and spend a great deal of time trying to kill them. The Tomcat spin trap did not help me towards that goal at all. I can set them somewhere with lots of mouse signs and not catch any thing. They just run right by. I am catching lots of mice on glue traps and bait stations but I have not gotten one mouse with a spin trap. In addition to not being appealing to mice, these things trip very easily. I can hear the mice laughing.
We have a pet squirrel that we hand feed peanuts to and leave a few extra out there on the deck for him to eat. Of course you can attract other critters. A mouse likes to sneak up on the back porch and get the peanuts. We set this trap out there thinking we would catch the mouse and not hurt the squirrel. So far the mouse walks right by it as if it is invisible. The squirrel thinks it is a peanut butter filled toy and plays with it every day. I am going to keep trying but so far I am not impressed. It cost a lot more than the old fashion traps and so far it has no results. I guess at least I have not trapped the pet squirrel in an old fashion snap trap. Maybe the mouse is smarter than the squirrel! And me! So far the mouse ignores it but the squirrel likes it!
First let me make it VERY clear that Amazon. com is ALWAYS the best. Top notch shipping, friendly/professional customer service, timely delivery. I absolutely love Amazon. com - NEVER have had a single problem. Weber makes incredible products, I personally own three Weber Grills and every family member and most of my friends have since purchased at least one because they admire mine so much. Now comes in to play Weber Customer Service… I purchased this smoker Thursday 9/3/09 and had it shipped over night, which of course Amazon. com did perfectly. Since I knew the smoker was at the house so I stopped at my favorite butcher on the way home from my office, purchasing roughly $200 in meat. It was to be a great Labor Day Celebration with fine cuts of smoked meat at our annual End of Summer Bash. I came home and excitedly started putting together the smoker. However, the charcoal grate simply would not fit, something was amiss… I called Weber customer service and was notified that I was the 3rd person to call that day with the exact same problem. In the factory, someone was putting the charcoal grates for the larger Weber smoker in this package which need the smaller. The customer service representative was incredibly kind and apologetic. They said they would over night the charcoal great and refund what I had purchased in meat. I was saddened that my guests would not enjoy what I had so anxiously hoped to serve, but understood that mistakes do indeed happen, and that Weber was doing all it could to make things right. The party must go on. After the long holiday weekend, Tuesday comes and I expect to come home to a nice fedex package on my front porch containing said charcoal grill. As I pulled in the drive and to my dismay, no fedex package existed. Thus, I call Weber customer service. The first rep. said there was nothing in my "file" and that they would never agree to reimburse for the meat - unbelievably rude. I asked for a supervisor, and was of course, somehow was disconnected. I called back, and after three attempts finally a supervisor came to the phone. They said they would be sure to over night the correct grate to me, and they would have to check on the meat reimbursement. At this point, I didn't care as long as what I already had purchased would finally be complete. Wednesday comes, no grate… I give it another day… Thursday, no grate. Four more calls to Weber, two different rude, unprofessional supervisors and assurance the grate would come over night. Friday… no grate. Yet another call to Weber, more rude customer service reps and supervisors then a notification that the grate wouldn't ship until October 8th, this would not do at all. Finally get the VP of Customer Service for Weber, a fellow named Mark. I understand how he came to his position, you clearly need to be the best at being rude and unprofessional to hold such a prestigious position at Weber. He of course assured me that they would ship a grate over night and I will receive the grate Tuesday. I for one feel that it was completely ridiculous what I had to go through just to get the product I had already purchased. This was by far the WORST customer service I've ever received from any company. I will no longer purchase another Weber product regardless of the quality. I would rather buy a new grill every year for the rest of my life rather than cook on another Weber. Weber, you have lost a life long customer and several thousands of dollars because of something so ridiculous. I will never recommend a Weber product again, nor will anyone I know purchase another Weber product. I will personally purchase from another company and give it to them just to avoid another dollar going into a company that condones such poor customer service… Good Bye Weber! AMAZON IS GREAT! WEBER CUSTOMER SERVICE?? WORST EVER!!!
This style garden weeper is a great idea. The only problem is that it had a huge leak on day one. Rather than spending money to return it, we tried tying it off since the leak was about 3 feel from the end. Please, manufacturer, do better quality control in making and checking this product! Big leak on day one.
I installed over 350 ft of this hose. Worked so well I bought more and more. Within two months, three have failed: a 25', 50' and a 75'. Gilmor agreed to replace these but why would I? Lifetime guarantee, yes. Gilmor also said this hose is for low pressure: 10 to 15 lbs. Pressure reducers in my stores are 25 lb. Wish I had saved my receipts so I could get refunds. Failed.
I've tried every type of mouse trap out there, including this one. Here's my comparative assessment:- Old fashioned spring traps are still the cheapest, easiest, and most effective solution. Unfortunately, they're also gross, especially if you elect to empty and reset the traps rather than just throwing them away once they've caught a mouse. - Electric traps seem like a clever idea, but I have never actually caught a mouse in one. I've had this Victor M260 set up in the basement for over a year, and it's never caught a single mouse, despite the fact that other types of traps in the vicinity have caught multiple mice. I've had another Victor electronic trap (the "single kill" variety) set up in the attic for several years, and it hasn't caught a single mouse either, even though other traps in the attic have caught dozens over that same time. I have no explanation for why the electronic traps have had a zero catch rate while the traps around them have been busy catching mice -- I'm just reporting my personal experience. Also, the electronic trap requires batteries and is very large/tall. - In my experience, the hands down champion is the mechanical Victor "Tin Cat" model. It's a "live catch" trap with one-way trap doors. The mice seem to find it irresistible. Any time I see signs of mice, I put the Tin Cat in place and it never fails to catch the culprits. I've placed the Tin Cat and electronic traps side by side, and the Tin Cat is always the one with rodents in it in the morning. The only downside of the Tin Cat is that you have to check it every day if you want it to be a live-catch system -- if you only check it once a week, you'll find a bunch of dead mice in it. So, despite the M260 being a very clever bit of engineering, it is routinely outperformed by it's mechanical cousin, which doesn't need batteries. Also, the Tin Cat is much lower profile and is less conspicuous than the M260, which is quite large, tall, and very conspicuous. Clever engineering… but doesn't catch mice (get Victor Tin Cat instead).
Don't waste your money - this trap is completely useless. A traditonal trap (wooden spring action) was placed about a foot away from the Victor trap and continues to catch a few mice every week. The Victor Electronic Mouse Trap, on the other hand, hasn't caught ANY mice despite being properly bated and switched on. This trap has even been moved to different locations in the house with the same result - absolutely no mice caught. I've never seen such a useless product and would never recommend this product. Traditional mouse trap is FAR more effective.
Why do people keep trying to build better mousetraps? For all of the reasons so many other reviewers have already stated… tiny entrance hole won't catch larger mice, if batteries are not absolutely fresh you just end up with a confused looking mouse in the electrocution chamber (it actually never did kill one), and the babble about it being "humane" (you're killing mice, frying them with electricity is humane? )There is really nothing more to add… this product is just plain silly. Better mousetrap = a cat Not a better mousetrap.
I got this device a few weeks ago and duly put the peanut butter at the end of the electric shock chamber and set it in the attic beside a hole in the asbestos (where the mice burrow). So far, not one mouse has entered the trap. I'd know, because once they get into it there is no way out, and yes, I turned it on. I love the design of the trap--the stairs up both sides, the double doors closing the vermin into the top room, the instant shock, the dropping of the body into the box beneath--but it's all for naught if the mice don't seem to want to climb into the darn thing to begin with. I'm going to try again, this time putting the trap along the wall, even though there isn't as much evidence of activity there. Fingers crossed. . . Good idea but not working for me.
One of my pots (the largest one) arrived with cracked, chipped off paint around the top of the rim and I can clearly see the shiny silver metal bucket beneath the paint. Disappointing. I have my doubts as to whether this finish would have ever lasted outdoors, even if the paint hadn't already cracked off. I am very hesitant to put this anywhere that the paint might discolor my wood deck. I am using the large, cracked one as a garbage pail in the garage. Not to mention these pots don't come with drainage holes. I guess I will have to use the small one as a cache pot since I don't want my plant to get root rot from improper drainage. In my mind, these fail on all fronts as "planters" Mine arrived with cracked, chipped paint.
Literally the first time I used these shears on a small jasmine vine, one of the rivets that holds the blades together, popped out, never to be found again in the mess that is my mix of tall grass and mulch. I tried to repair them, but noting I didn't have the right sized nuts and bolts, decided this was not one of those instances where I will just shrug off an inferior product, that I end up fixing myself (especially after the FIRST use! ). So I sent a pic into Fiskars (online return/warranty system is very nice and easy FWIW), showing the problem. I received no feedback for weeks (by this time, my jasmine vine was out of control of course), then one day received a box with a set of their lowest quality shears inside. Not extendable, and they look like the cheapest shears I have ever seen. I doubt they will last a season, with the obviously cheap plastic they used for the handles. Talk about a slap in the face. My time is worth more than dealing with that kind of stuff, and I wish they would just lower their prices and forego the "lifetime warranty! " deal if that is how they roll. I would never have purchased the shears they sent me, so basically I should have just bought another set (NOT Fiskars obviously) of shears when the originals broke. Ah well, you live you learn. Buyer beware on these, I see at least three other instances of this same problem happening in these reviews. UPDATE: To be fair, and as a credit to the company's customer service, I actually did contact them later to let them know that I wasn't happy about the switcheroo. They promptly sent a replacement for the exact shears I originally bought. Kudos for that! Hopefully this pair will not fall apart when I start to use them. Similar to others, rivets came out - very disappointed.
Bought one of these at HD and loved the way it worked so I bought my daughter one too! The weak designed lever which is made VERY weak broke off on hers the 1st year she had it.. mine lasted out the year and then broke off the start of the second season… I put a small pair of vice grips on shaft to use as the lever and got more use out of it until it just blew out the shaft completely and the water just shot out of the side… A VERY EXPENSIVE PIECE OF JUNK! stick with the old hand wind hose reels and save yourself a bundle.. Designed by IDIOTS.
This is an ill-conceived, ill-designed, landfill item designed by a rookie engineer. The lever that is most used (to change the unit from retract to freewheel position) is designed with a definite shear point in the design. No joke. This thing is designed to fail. It is cast with a tee in the plastic lever that is. 097" thick - that's a little over 3/32" thick - made of plastic! Mine snapped off on the first cool day - see the picture on the product page. Don't buy this junk. Update 6/1/13:Just took mine to the landfill. Although I had reinforced the rewind lever with epoxy and 1/8" aluminum plate - the inner drive gear snapped off. I bought a metal, hand-crank model to replace it. I see that Suncast has a newer (probably redesigned) rewind lever (black) listed here:http://www. suncast. com/replacement/replacementdisplay. aspx? repid=173&prodId;=504Hope that helps anyone trying to extend the life of their unit. But I reiterate, this product is designed for a short lifespan. I highly recommend looking elsewhere for a legitimately designed product. Because I wasn't allowed to offer negative stars.
What a great concept with a crummy execution. The first time I used this, I thought it was the cats meow. It reeled up the hose nicely. After about 10 uses, the hose guide started to get out of sync with where the hose should be. It made loud clicking noises but still reeled up the hose just fine. However, when you try to pull the hose out it gets totally stuck unless you stand at the base of the hose reel and pull the hose in the direction it needs to go (hose guide would be on the left side but the hose would be in the middle or on the right side creating a pinch that wouldn't allow the hose to come out). This makes pulling the hose out a nightmare… inch by inch is not the way to pull out 125 feet of hose. Soon enough, two of our hose reels failed completely and stopped reeling in the hose (lots of loud clicks but little reeling). The last one became so difficult to pull the hose out that we threw it in the trash (last one). Given that I have experience with not just one, but three of these - I suggest you take heed: DON'T WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY ON THIS JUNK. Had 3 of these; all 3 lasted less than 2 seasons.
I was excited to recieve this from the Amazon Vine Program. Living in Alabama we have mosquitoes. We have had nothing but trouble with it from the beginning. It may be a great product, but we can't keep it running long enough to find out. We have followed the directions closely & followed all the trouble-shooting tips, but alas it just won't keep running. We have all necessary items needed for it to run correctly. At this point I am not sure what to do… I guess just keep working with it. I would love for it to work & trap all the pesky mosquitoes that keep un indoors. I will update later if we can get it to stay running. UPDATE: Talked with the Mosquito Magnet customer service. They gave some help ideas that we tried. It worked great for a few hours. During the time it worked it did catch many mosquitoes plus gnats. We were thrilled… but unfortunately it stopped working again & now stops working once it warms up. Customer service was called again. They were little to no help & didn't seem to concerned about their product. After many hours working with this product, we have given up. Had High Hopes!
The large, surprisingly lightweight box arrived in perfect condition, no visible damage inside or out. When I removed the head unit from the box however, I heard obvious broken parts inside and immediately called their customer support. After all, inside the box was a large STOP; call our dedicated, superior customer support for any trouble. I assumed this would be quickly taken care of since the self report their customer service to be so good. While they answered the phone quickly the quality of support was poor. I had an obviously defective unit with broken pieces inside and they wouldn't help unless I tried to turn it on first. This seemed like a bad idea for a product that hooks up to a fuel source. They wanted me to believe that the sound (broken pieces rattling and rolling around inside the head unit) I heard was normal. I could forgive this, after all they don't want to pay return shipping for an item that was misdiagnosed by a end user that doesn't have product experience. So I removed a cover piece and poured out the broken pieces, sent a photo to them in email, and was again refused support. They suggested try turning the unit on and see if it worked, and then sent me to follow up with Amazon for the defective unit. The plastic pieces appear to be part of an internal frame, cage, or some other support. It is a strong, but brittle, black plastic. In addition to 4 large pieces, many small shattered fragments came out of the box. While the piece that was broken may not be critical, the question remains why it broke, and what else may be loose or disconnected. Am I going to end up with an internal propane leak that ends up causing the unit to catch on fire? As if this isn't enough to point to poor design/build quality, the unit is entirely made of lightweight plastic. The instructions even warn not to move the unit with a tank installed. I agree with their apparent admission that the frame would not support the weight! Perhaps an aluminum post that securely connected to the base and the head unit would be a good upgrade for them to consider. While the nearly all plastic construction was quick and easy to set up, there are no screws, no locks, nothing to hold the base, post, and head unit together. The head unit balances on the post with a short peg sliding into the support column. So the loop that looks like a handle opposite of the wheels on the base doesn't really work well for lifting and rolling the unit around. First as described above, you must remove the tank, even with that weight removed, the head unit tends to lift right off the post as it is a friction only connection. Chances are some of these units will actually work, some perhaps for more than the few weeks described by other reviewers, and perhaps if this unit was under $200 I could understand the build quality. But at this price point and nearly every review pointing out poor quality and poor customer service, I would not recommend this unit to anyone and would be very concerned about any of their other lower cost units. The only positive note I can add for the Mosquito Magnet brand is that we have had an older design Commercial Unit Mosquito Magnet Pro in service for years. However it seems the current owners, Woodstream Company, discontinued this product when they purchased the company. Poor quality product, customer service not good.
Much like the other reviewers, I had a lot of difficulty to get this thing to work. I never did manage to in the end. I was hoping that they had fixed the issues with the product, but that doesn't seem to be the case [I tested it out in summer 2011]. Even if this unit were to function properly, it still seems expensive, especially once you add the cost of a propane tank and frequent refills. Plus you're adding CO2 to the atmosphere - not very environmentally sound. Couldn't get it to work.
My unit arrived at my doorstep DOA; it had a problem with start up. When I turned it on for the first time, I had a blinking red error LED every 7 seconds after its lengthy (approx 25min) start up procedure. It never worked; always had this same error light even after trying every suggestion from their customer service. I called customer service about 6-8 times (lost count). They gave me tips and things to try to get it to work; all to no avail. They were polite and professional, but extremely un-empowered. They had no or limited ability to help me. The problem is that even though they understood my problem, their management probably didn't give them the latitude to easily solve the problem. They kept putting me on hold, check with someone, then back to me and not quite sure what to do. It's like ABC, if B is not quite what they have on their form in front of them, they are caught in an endless loop and can't get to C. Finally, I got sick and tired of trying to make it work and shipped it back to the company since I didn't want this big useless thing junking up my garage. They were nice & sent me a free shipping label. They did offer to "repair" the unit but I was so tired of dealing with this & after reading all the bad reviews, was pretty sure it's a crap shoot to get a working machine. Dead on Arrival - Returned to Maker.
In order to be prepared for whatever nature threw at us, we set up the Mosquito Magnet quite early in the season. Right from the beginning, we got a red warning light, signaling that the unit wasn't working. We tried to clear it but nothing seemed to work. Next, the Magnet signaled a low battery warning. Since they were new and advertised to last the season, we were a bit taken aback but my husband removed and tested them. Sure enough, they were fully charged but reinstalling them didn't help. He substituted other new batteries to no avail and then he called customer service. The woman to whom he spoke was quite pleasant but unable to provide any solutions. At one point, after he explained that our device didn't exactly resemble the pictures in the literature, she suggested that perhaps we had been sent an earlier model as if that sufficed to explain its failure. After the call, he once again removed the batteries and decided to wait a few days and try the trap again. The green light came on and we thought it was working but after going through two cycles with the attendant replacing of the propane and the lure, the Mosquito Magnet which is unobstructed and situated just a few feet from our patio area, has caught pitifully few insect pests and our yard is no more mosquito-free than it was before we set this up. Disappointing.
This device works by sending out CO2 from a Propane tank. The thought of spending $20 or so and just leaking out CO2 is beyond me. I wish I had returned it on time. Now it is just clogging up my garage and I hate to even give it away or donate it. Couldn't bring my self to produce even more CO2.
I have heard wonderful things about CO2 mosquito traps so I was thrilled to give this one a try. I can't even begin to tell you how frustrating my experience has been. We followed the instructions and kept getting blinking red lights (error notification). We made several calls to customer service. They were friendly and helpful but nothing solved the problem. One rep suggested using a brand new propane tank. Eager to make it work we went out and bought a new tank. That still didn't help. The unit is worthless. Tried to make it work. No luck.
This is sugar. Period. If you want a perfectly acceptable hummingbird nectar, put 1 part sugar - any sugar - to 4 parts water (I usually prepare 1 cup sugar to 4 cups water)in a microwave-safe plastic container. (I use a juice bottle that has a flip-top pouring spout. ) Stir it. Leave the top open or off (very important! ) and put it in your microwave. When it comes to a boil, let it roll for about 30 seconds. (And, of course, you can also boil it in a saucepan on the stove. ) Refrigerate it. Do not add any food coloring. It'll keep in your frig for as long as you need it. Empty, wash and refill your feeder every two or three days to prevent mold - especially when it's hot. if you do get a bit of mold, bleach will kill it quickly. Then wash the feeder, rinse well, refill and rehang. The hummers will love your simple, homemade nectar and you will have saved a TON of money. Why would you spend this much for a pound and a half of sugar??
I have to say that I am new to the world of hummingbirds. That being said, I was fooled into thinking that I needed to purchase special "food" or "sugar" to feed the hummers. That is not true. After reading a number of sites deticated to hummingbirds, they all say to NOT purchase special sugar… Sugar is sugar. Any fine ground sugar will make a great source of food. Save your money. Don't Be Fooled.
For the $34 I paid for this, I feel seriously ripped off! Impossible, from the photo to tell, but, I figured "$34, it ought to be a LOT 'bigger' than this"For what you get, a price of $12-13 ought to be max. There certainly is not more than $2 worth of plastic in it. Just feel deceived and led astray. . for the money, the consumer OUGHT to get a LOT more! Akro-Mills Stack-A-Pot.
if this product is out of stock it should say so to not waste my time. Is it coming from China? why two months to ship???? WTF? bought it few days ago says it will arrive in about two months??
I have had two of these now but both have come apart after about 6 months and can't be reassembled. great nozzle, but lasts about 6 months.
These guys advertise 15 year warranty but they don't answer the phones or emails. I have a wand that broke in one season. I thought if I pay a little more I could get good quality… NOT. JUNK.
I have used many feeders in my yard and sold many more at my job in the lawn & garden department. And I have seen some bad feeders, more art object than feeder, but this is without doubt the worse feeder I have ever seen and used. It has taken me several tries to keep it full and even then when the wind blows, it leaks. The whole point to this feeder is that it is supposed to be easier to use, but it is far more complicated than it needs to be. Just look at the instructions above, I have never seen a feeder so complicated. To use it correctly;You must make sure every section is screwed as tight as possible. You must fill it completely fullYou must pull out the base to create a vacuumAnd you must hang it perfectly levelIf any of these fail, it will leak out all of the feed. The primary problem is the base unscrews into two parts for cleaning. If there was a rubber gasket between these, it would seal up much better. My advice is to avoid this product and go with the classic style feeders. Do not buy! There are much better feeders out there.
Edited due to further experience with the feeder: I've tried again and again to get this feeder to work properly. After hanging it up I discovered that the feeder leaks slowly over the course of 12 hours or so. You fill it, hang it up and it seems to be okay and then the next day the feeder is empty and there's a big water stain underneath it. The bottom casing of the feeder needs some sort of seal to keep the contents from leaking out. Original review: This hummingbird feeder is seriously lacking for a decent set of directions on how to use it! Written in very small print on the bottom of the feeder, the directions say to push to fill. Well it doesn't say what to push to fill and since it came out of the box with it already in the fill position it took me a few minutes to figure out they're talking about actually pulling or pushing on the clear container that holds the nectar. And when they say pull, they mean you really have to pull to get it to open! Once I figured out the whole push/pull thing, I filled the feeder, screwed the top on and brought the feeder out to the hanger. Then I pulled the clear container up into the feed position and hung the feeder up. I can see from the other reviews that a lot of people had problems with leaking but I have to say I have had no problems at all with this feeder leaking. If you tip it once it's in the feed position it will definitely leak so I recommend not setting it in the feed position until you've hung it up. doesn't work!
First off let me say that I have numerous hummingbird feeders around the yard so I do know how to properly handle them. Unfortunately no matter what I tried the darn things leaked out all of the sugar water within a half hour of putting them outside. I would have been happy if even one had worked properly but all three being bad is such a disappointment. My poor hummers are all confused now thinking they had some new feeders so there would be less fighting amongest them and more happy campers but alas it's not to be. I will try this weekend if I have a chance to silicone the entire base of the units to see if that will help. It's the only thing I can think of left to try. If that doesn't work they will become hangers in the house with artificial flowers in them so that during the winter I can remember all my little friends that will be back with the spring flowers. I do hope some of you have better luck than I but remember there is always an alternative use for everything. Just have to put the thinking cap on and you'll find some way in which to use them. Poor Construction makes for Disappointing Viewing.
Good looking feeder, but the hummingbirds avoid it and the fluid does not flow well into the feeding tray, so the level there gets very low even when there is fluid in the bottle. Slow turnover of that fluid then results in bacteria growth inside the feeding tray, which is harmful to the birds. I would not recommend this feeder. I've owned many hummingbird feeders and by far the very best ones are the Aspects Hummzinger feeders and those made by Best. Both are available on Amazon. They attract hummers very well, and they contain no metals (zinc, copper, brass, lead) that are toxic to hummingbirds. Good looking but hummers don't like it and doesn't flow well.
Had a cheap plastic feeder that the hummingbirds went nuts over. It eventually cracked due to sun exposure so a glass and metal feeder would be the solution to that problem right? Well not a single hummingbird came after that even after washing and refilling it multiple times. Went back to a glass and plastic feeder this year and the hummingbirds are back. Humminbirds didn't go for it.
I have used this product twice. It works well and the battery charging is fast. The edger function did not work well for me. It could be the type of grass in my lawn. Overall a good product and very ergonomic. This is an addition to my review above and a few months later. I reduced the rating for this product to one star or perhaps 0 stars. I have used it no more than five times since I bought this a few months ago. The battery just died and could not be revived even after several attempts at recharging for the specified time and more. I will stick to known and tried brands next time I buy another weed whacker. This is an addition to my review above. I was ready to throw this weed whacker when I saw the worx website on the warranty card. It has a two year warranty. In the worx website was a link to battery trouble shooting. After I put in the battery's serial # and model # I was taken to a free battery replacement order form. It seems to me they know about this battery problem and is replacing those thru their website. I am waiting for the delivery of the replacement battery. Another addition to my review. Have received the battery replacement and so far after several weeks, the new battery is keeping it's charge. battery died after a few months and cannot be revived.
The handle design is pretty good and easy to manipulate the can. However the real problem is that the spout is designed to come off so that you can turn it to pour or shower. The problem is that if you tilt the can too much, then the detachable spout just pops off and the water comes out so fast that it digs a hole.. The next problem is that the glue failed on the orange cap and it just falls off. So the can is nearly useless. So far every fiskars can that I've ever had has falled apart, split, etc. Won't waste my time with any more of them. Unfortunately the can falls apart.
I knew I'd lost the game when I saw these worms on the surface the next morning. Yeah, the moles just moved them out of their run and left them on the ground. Moles won: I lost.
You catch more bees with honey, but you catch NO fruit flies with this trap. Seriously, it caught not a single fly. 0 stars was not an option.
This is a little globe containing a funnel (to trap fruit flies: they fly in but can't fly out), into which you squirt some vinegar. It's totally useless. Fruit flies will totally ignore it, and will land instead on your fruits and vegetables. Even if you put this directly next to fruit fly habitat, they will entirely ignore it. The only upside is that it's nontoxic. Totally useless.
These are only 4" long, not enough to hold much of anything. Don't bother with these. I am annoyed that nowhere in the description do they state that the size of the pins, so I am uploading a photo of one next to a ruler, hoping to prevent others from making the same mistake. UPDATE: Within a few days they started rusting too. I was going to try to use these for other simple things - no more. Only 4".
Because it was billed as a safe and organic product, I first used Safer Brand 3-in-1 Garden Spray on some pesky flies on my indoor plants. While I realize that the product isn't really designed to kill the larva that are in the soil, it didn't even kill the flying adults - even when I sprayed them directly onto the bugs. I also used the product on the aphids that were eating my roses and again there was no affect. After going 0-2, and it wasn't for underuse - I repeatedly sprayed mass quantities on the bugs - I decided to throw the product away and invest in something that would actually kill garden pests. Safer, organic, or not, I see no reason to spend $13 on a product that doesn't work - and the Safer Brand 3-in-1 Garden Spray doesn't cut the mustard! Didn't Work.
I rarely use chemicals or pesticides in the garden but had the opportunity to give this product a try. I have a perennial Rose Mallow (hibiscus moscheutos) whose leaves get devoured yearly by the caterpillar of the sawfly. I've tried handpicking, but they just keep coming. I used this product specifically for the leaf eating caterpillars it says it controls. It did not. After one weeks use, there were still caterpillars eating the sprayed leaves, the few I chose to spray daily. No improvement on my hibiscus moscheutos.
There is a version with holes but this one's not supposed to have any. Mine did, just because the plastic it's made of is so incredibly thin that I guess not enough molten plastic got into the mold to completely cover a corner of it. You can flap this thing around like a dishrag. If (that's IF) you get a watertight one and don't plan to ever move it, it may (that's MAY) be suitable to hold some plants. If you attempt to move it with anything in it (like, you know, water or plants), be assured that it will deform/collapse and spill whatever's in it. I had a lot better results with some similarly sized plastic storage containers from Target that are very sturdy, very waterproof and cheaper (taking shipping into account). Impossibly thin plastic, mine came with a hole in it.
I placed six of these around my ants. They were surrounded. They walked under, around and over, but never in. so i went to a store and got terro liquid ant baits (the same type thing). the ants immediately went running for the things and crawled all over themselves trying to get in. Then they went out and off to their &#34;hive&#34;. Combat did absolutely nothing for me, and I can only wonder at the other positive reviews! No Way.
I was anxious to get this shredder and grind up some magnolia leaves which fall down all year long. I began to assemble the stand as instructed in the guide. The stand has three legs permanently attached to the stand and three leg extensions which are inserted into the bottom of the legs and kept in place with a spring loaded button which fits into a hole in the legs. When I removed the packing from the extensions I noticed that the portions of the extensions that slide into the legs had marks that one would expect to see on extensions that had been previously used but not on new merchandise. However, I wanted the shredder so I proceeded with assembly. Two of the extensions installed without incident. The third extension had no visible button. Looking down into the extension I could see some metal pieces which were close to the opening. It was visible that part of the spring mechanism was broken in two. This factor along with the marred surfaces led me to believe that I had received a previously owned item that had been returned. Since I could not use the shredder with just two legs and had no way to repair it I had to return it to Amazon. The Amazon return process is nothing short of amazing. In just a few minutes I had printed out the return label and was on my way to the UPS Store. Broken.
I have a deck with six inch railings with wood slats between the main posts. The flower box is attractive and pretty well built. However, the bracket for attachment is nearly worthless. There is nothing to hold the box in place other then the weight of the box against the vertical railings. The bracket is a 90 degree angle and therefore with any weight becomes merely a friction point for the box holding it in place. This just won't work for me. You could put a deck screw into the bracket to fix it in place, but then that means that I have to accommodate a poorly designed product. Into the garbage for me. Sorry, can't recommend it at all. Attractive, but not functional as described.
I expanded this to maximum length (36") to hold my 36" planter that already had herbs growing in it. Our railing is 3. 5 inches wide. The screws are metal but the caps are plastic (my husband said that plastic on metal usually causes stripping of the screws). Well, as soon as we hung it, it started tipping under the weight and it fell off before we could stop it and our basil, mint, and chives were smashed under potting soil. Also, because our railing has posts, there is a C shaped loop (not shown) that prevents the planter from resting flush to the rail. I think because the brackets are so close together, the longer you extend the planter, the harder to evenly distribute the weight. So bummed this didn't work for us. I wouldn't suggest to anyone unless you can buy and try and easily return if it doesn't work for you. Not For Really Long Planters.
Although the size of each part of this hoe is substantial, the short stocky handle isn't attached well to the hoe blade. It is the perfect length for working on your knees and doing detail work around your plants. Unfortunately the detail work will likely be repair of the hoe. If the price is right, it isn't a bad purchase if you are ready for some basic tweaking like some polyurethane glue, perhaps a screw, and a little file work on the blade. Small and weak.
Came across mine today while cleaning out the garage and thought I would come here to see what others thought about this waste of money. Mine worked ok the first year but not for all the trouble and expense to maintain. Next year wouldn't work no matter what! Been in the Garage for 2 or 3 yrs. I'm throwing it away today! Waste of Time & Money!
I believe Wolf Creek was the vendor from whom I purchased this, but I just used this instant piece of garbage for the first time today. The top would not screw on properly. It was missing the &#34;straw&#34; to connect to the hole in the lid, so I substituted a heavy duty one of my own. It was a snug fit, too. The unit would not operate in an upright position. When flipped upside-down, it leaked the very fine sulfur dust I was using from every crevice BUT the one it was designed for. Mine was whitish-clear plastic, so perhaps the one in the display picture has been improved upon, but it was a &#34;Pest Pistol. &#34; I feel scammed out of the purchase price. Wasted Money.
I received mine, it came with a usermanual (with some errors in it), the main device, and wheels, handle, and some other smaller tools (2 plastic rings I don't know what they are for, as they aren't being specified in the user manual). It also comes with 2 hexagon rods (which are not necessary unless you replace the blades, and even then one would have been sufficient), a wrench (2 are needed to mount the wheels), and it's lacking a cross (philips) screwdriver to mount the top. After about 5 minutes of following the user manual to the letter, the device is installed. 2 errors however, one being that I did not see a safety switch in the device when unmounting the top hopper, which was not described, and I presume is the black plastic cover to keep you from sticking your hands in the device. And second, the motor overload protection switch says it only goes off when the motor gets jammed or overheated; which in my case was hardly the case! I plugged in the device after mounting it, and turned it on. The device appears to work, but the overload protection switch kicks in, and shuts down the engine after 5 seconds! I can clearly hear from the engine, that the blades are free, and the engine is not jammed! Neither can the engine be overheated, because the device is still cold! It does not seem to matter whether I stick a branch under little force in the device, or leave it running without load; the device shuts down on me! I received this device, and used it no longer than 20 seconds, and I will be sending it back with Amazon, and hope for a refund, since it seems like I can not exchange this device for a similar one (Amazon webpage error)! I presume it was a one device issue, but since I can't receive a similar device back, I'll ask for a full refund, and save my money for a more advanced model, with better reviews! Doesn't work!
Chips really well BUT the parts are worthless. On my third session the V-cutter disintegrated; since the cutters are not warranted I contacted MAXTool (Amazon obtained it from MAXTool) and ordered a new cutter. After installation, on my forth session, the square bushing, part # 6156-200001, disintegrated and this time MAXTool told me that this was a known problem part; however none were in stock and they had no information on when, or if, the part would be available. Works great when it works; but sadly it doesn't work reliably and parts are not available. Do not buy this chipper! KUDO's to Amazon, when I emailed them about this problem, even though I was out of the 30 day return window, I immediately got an email authorizing free UPS return and a refund. Lousy product but great Amazon customer service; especially in light of useless MAXTool customer service. Chips, BUT?
If you have a GS 40, this cover will not work. Also, the cover seems to be cheaply made from flisy material, definitely not worth the money. I bought a cover for a small Char Grill propane grill, much higher quality cover for less money and works very well on the GS 40. Does not cover the GS 40.
First of all, the seller was great. The product was received in good condition and shipment was very fast. That said, inside the box is a warning that the product is for &#34;indoor domestic use only. &#34; Additionally, there are warnings that it contains lead and other toxins and that you should wash your hands after using it. The product is thin, looks to be easily torn… etc etc. In other words, I could take a dry cleaning bag and cover the smoker and at least I wouldn't have to worry about lead. For "indoor use only? ".
These traps are ridiculously expensive! If you have many mice, you might go broke buying traps. At $4. 45 per trap, I thought maybe I should do something with the mouse after I caught it. My husband will eat anything, but even he is not interested in Mouse Soup. My other problem with this trap is that it is just more plastic junk to fill up landfills. The best mouse trap I have found isd-CON 00027 Ultra Set Covered Mouse Trapand it is reusable. You can also go with the old reliableVictor M038 Easy Set Mouse Trap, 4-Packfor a really inexpensive trap. These are my husband's favorite. Mouse Soup?
This seems like a wonderful idea and, in theory, it really is. Unfortunately, the traps (at least in our use) did not catch anything but our time wasted in setting them up. We followed directions carefully to place the pb in the hatch and we made sure the door faced the wall but the traps just did not work. Save your money--you are better off with snap traps, sticky pads, humane traps, or even an exterminator. Great Concept but.
As someone else noted, the mechanism in these traps doesn't seem to work at all. I loaded both traps 3 times and found that the mice got in, took the PB, and left little mouse pebbles inside, around, and… wait for it… even on top of the traps. I guess this last act was the ultimate review of this device. In concept, these sounded great. In reality, I'm going back to the old spring loaded traps. Still waiting for the better mousetrap! Peanut Butter Feeder / Port-a-Pottie for Mice.
It's been loaded with peanut butter from 9/27/10 until today, which is a bit over 2 months, and it hasn't caught a mouse. This mousetrap doesn't work. It was moved around to various places throughout the house and no mice were caught. Finally, after becoming frustrated with this item, I tried inexpensive mice pellets and that seemed to do the trick. This item is expensive and it doesn't seem to catch mice. I wouldn't pay a penny for it. The mice are probably getting a good laugh out of this contraption. Not recommended! Zero stars. They need to build a better mousetrap.
When we first got these, I was shocked at how wasteful they were. In fact, my husband continually ranted about how un-green these traps are. If you happen to get one mouse caught in a trap, you have to throw away the whole thing- so now they expect us to buy little mouse coffins out of fear of contamination? Then we discovered the mice in the attic. They are still having a party, leaving their mini tootsie roll trails while our remaining trap sits as a mouse hotel, shouting, "Come on in, rest your feet and have some peanut butter! "And by the way, if you happen to knock a set trap or drop it by accident, it trips the trap and then one of your lovely little mouse coffin goes empty to the dump. You can not reset. These traps are a waste. They might isolate an occasional mouse from being seen or touched when dead, but what good is that if the rest of the mice run free and destroy the house while feasting at their peanut butter hotels? That hardly sounds sanitary! Empty Mouse Casket?
I've used the no-see-um disposable traps before (DCon and Tomcat). While they seemed wasteful and expensive, they were both quick and effective. This thing, on the other hand, is worse than useless. It's just getting cold here and I live in the country, so mice are starting to venture in for the winter. Typically we see some mouse activity just when it cools off, then set out a bunch of traps, and they're either all killed off or find a more hospitable home for the winter. I've had both traps out for 2 weeks and not a mouse in them. Last night, I saw a mouse on the loose. When I checked my traps, there was mouse poop INSIDE one of them, and a smear of stolen peanut butter on the inside near the door of the other! With the design of the thing and the way you bait it, the only way to get peanut butter there is for someone to go inside and leave with it! The D-Con No View, No Touch Mouse Trap much better. It doesn't seal in the mouse with all its perilous mouse cooties (but then, neither does this one), but it's an effective no-see, no touch disposable traps. Two no-touch reusables that work well are d-CON 00027 Ultra Set Covered Mouse Trap and Victor M252 Electronic Mouse Trap. Worse than useless.
I had the perfect testing ground for these traps, a rural home with a fall invasion of field mice. The contenders; Tomcat glue traps - a low tray filled with a sticky material that trap the mice when they walk on it, Kness Snap-E mouse trap; snap type traps that catch the mouse under a metal bar, the Victor Kill & Seal traps and a low tech trap involving a 5 gallon bucket with a wood board leaning up against the side and baited with peanut butter. You put a few inches of water in the bucket if you don't want to catch and release. I moved the different traps around in areas where there had been mouse activity so there would be no placement bias in the testing. The K&S; traps have very small openings for the mouse entry (11/16 by 11/16) and the bait plug (7/16 inch. You bait these traps by unscrewing a very small plug and putting some bait on it, I used peanut butter, and screwing it back in. It holds about 1/4 tsp of peanut butter. You move a lever to set the trap and it can only be set once so when I accidentally dropped one K&S; trap it triggered and it was no longer usable. Of all the traps I set up the Kill& Seal was the only one that did not catch any mice. The last time I checked the one remaining trap the bait was gone and there was something rattling around in there that looked like a mouse poop. Bottom line:The bucket trap caught the most mice (5)The Tomcat glue traps were the second most consistently effective (4 mice)Close behind the Snap-E mouse traps (3 mice)The Victor Kill & Seal, no mice at all. I did not find this trap to be effective.
Can't even get the plastic screw on top to work to open it so you can get the peanut butter on it for bait. The instructions are terrible, just on the side of the box with pictures that don't help at all. If you can't get that little plastic screw piece on top open so you can remove it,then the trap is worthless. I even tried pliers, & yes, I was turning it the right way, it shows to turn it counter clock wise & after many tries I decided to try to turn it the other way too, still can't get that plug out to bait it. What a waste of money & it's way over priced to begin with for something that can only be used once. I would never buy this product. I also pushed on the little red trap door that the mice are suppose to go in, well, they'd better have been lifting weights because you have to push pretty hard to get it so they could get in & they'd better be very tiny mice as the hole is about the size of a nickel. As far as it trapping other secretions,we all live with those in our homes whether we see it, smell it or taste it anyhow & as far as I know, unless you have a herd of mice, it doesn't make you sick. If you get sick it's because you don't clean your home, clean your carpets annually when you have pets, wash the floors once a week. There are more germs spread by just flushing your toilet with the top up than any other item in your home puts in the air. I'm extremely disappointed in this product. victor m265 kill & seal mouse trap.
Not to reiterate what everyone else has said, we've used the old Victor wood & spring traps for 35 years-- effective, inexpensive, reliable. These are expensive, use too much plastic, are too small for some of the rodents we catch, are difficult to use for my husband with his big hands, and are not reliable at trapping mice! Don't bother with this one. Good idea, but bad reality. Sticking with the old-fashioned traps!
It took two of us to figure out how this rig works; without instructions, it was a total mystery. We finally figured out that a rodent is supposed to enter the door, round a corner to get peanut butter & trip the trap. A reasonable idea, we proceeded to bait & arm the trap, putting it in a known mouse area (I live in the country), along side a couple of regular traps. After 2 weeks, we've caught several mice in regular traps but this mouse trap is still armed --- never been tripped. Will it ever work? Who knows, but I'm not holding my breath. And even if it does, the price is prohibitive, in my opinion. Would I like something inexpensive & effective that would trap/kill mice such that I never had to see them? For sure… but this unit doesn't seem to deliver the goods. Confusing, expensive and not sure it is effective.
These traps are basically trash. They're difficult to set, can't catch a mouse in an infested house, and are triggered by a bump really easily -- and can't be reset once triggered. My boyfriend left a milk crate of food on his kitchen floor. The mice found it. For weeks they ate and played, leaving their treats all over the kitchen. He caught something like a dozen of them using traditional traps before I got these and persuaded him to try them out. Nothing. Nothing. NO DEAD MICE for 2 weeks. He tried to move one of the traps, it tripped, and was then completely useless. He finally gave up on these, and put the regular traps out again. Lo and behold, a mouse a day! I have to admit, my initial reaction to these was that they were kind of ridiculous, but I'm way less germophobic than your average American, so I was prepared to give them a "well, if you'd rather throw away a silly amount of plastic than see a dead mouse, I guess they're okay" kind of review. But given that they don't work, I don't even have to touch on how wasteful they are in order to issue a resoundingly negative review. I mean, seriously, there were so many mice in that house that I think I might have had better luck with my bare hands than with these traps. I didn't try that, though, because that is too gross, even for me. Throw it away now, there will never be a mouse in it.
I've had this trap set for about a month now, and I have seen no evidence that any mouse has gone near it. And yes, we have had at least one mouse this season. In my opinion, the opening for the mouse to enter is too small, and the bait is set too far into the trap to be really attractive. In the past, I have used traps similar in style to this one:Kness Tip-Trap 109-0-001 Live-Capture Mouse Trap, which did work, and even though it leaves you with dealing with the captured mouse, it is reusable. This kill-and-seal trap, if it would ever work, is one use only, which makes it pretty expensive. But if it doesn't work at all, it's worthless. No results.
Save your money. For me this "better mousetrap" was not better. Knowing that mice come into my home in the Fall, to get away from the cold, I set out a conventional wooden-based Victor M038 spring trap. Amazon sells a 4-pack of them for $5. 84. Less than 15 inches away, I set one of these comparatively expensive M265 traps with exactly the same bait. After two weeks, I caught zero mice with this trap and five mice with the "old-fashioned" trap. No matter how sanitary or convenient the Kill & Seal mouse trap is advertised to be, mine didn't catch any mice. Aside from the fact that my Kill & Seal trap didn't catch any mice the cost differential doesn't make any sense even if it had worked. These traps are designed to be discarded after a single use. Victor's wooden based spring traps, which already cost far less, can be easily emptied, washed and re-used repeatedly. Removing a dead mouse from a conventional trap may make some people cringe, but at least you know that the critter will no longer be invading your space. Our daily newspapers come in long plastic bags that are perfect for disposing of mice. I just slip the wooden trap inside one of those bags. While handling the trap through the plastic bag as if the bag were a glove, I then release the mouse into the bag, lift out the trap, tie the top of the bag and discard the bagged mouse in my outdoor garbage container. After washing the trap with anti-bacterial dish detergent, it's clean and ready to use again. Conventional Victor Spring Trap=5 vs. This Trap=0.
I got these because we've seen a few mice scurrying across the floor. I put some peanut butter in the little reservoir, set the trap, and waited… and waited… and waited. It's been more than a month, and neither of the two traps I set out have caught anything. Update (4/16/2012): I checked the trap to see if I needed to replace the bait; after all, it's been more than a year. The only difference is the bait is gone, and the trap is filled with tiny mouse poops. I'm throwing it out! Hasn't caught a single mouse!
These are a very well made, easy to use mousetrap. I like their bait system, but the simple fact that you cannot reuse them makes them a waste of money and materials. Let's face a simple fact, if you have two mice, you have more than two mice, much more! And paying $5 per mouse is going to get expensive very fast. And I really don't understand why these are not reusable. It should not be that hard to have a way to open them and dispose of the mouse. Yes I know some people can't stand to even look at mice, but I am not one of them. Overall, a "could have been great" product, but I would advise against buying this one. If only they were reusable.
I don't get it. There is so much that is unappealing about this, I actually don't know why I chose this. Essentially a waste of a cardboard box and heavy plastic devices completely useless for any purpose. Tis the season that the warmth of a home or basement draws our little friends in. However, these things have been put in basement for a month, repeatedly filled one with peanut butter and the other cheese. Neither picked up anything. However, a leftover gluetrap strip did. I actually removed anything trap related in the basement and just kept these two down there for a week, and still nothing. I know they are down there. I hear them either munching a box or scurrying around. No, they are no rats. I caught mice with glue traps several times. I can't play this game anymore or I will have families of mice living in these deluxe condos. So, going to get more blue traps. If for some reason one of these things ever catches a mouse I will certainly update this review. But even if they did work, I don't like the idea that this contraption is not reusable. It is irresponsible and a waste plastic. I'll check back later. But so far, no mice, no dice. January 23, 2011 UPDATE: Changing the stars to 1 star. The item is completely worthless. Glue traps are the answer. 30 days. 0 mice.
The marketing premise is based on the fact that we all think mice are icky and we don't want their germs or their decomposing bodies in our homes. Fair enough. The idea is to catch the mouse with this trap and then toss the whole kit and caboodle in the trash. My husband's initial reaction, upon setting this up, was that throwing out a trap every time you catch a mouse isn't exactly environmentally friendly or easy on the wallet. But as this was a free sample, he agreed to give it a go. Well, now we still have the mouse. . . and the trap. . . minus the peanut butter we used as bait. There are little mouse giggles and peanut butter belches during the night. We will be going back to the traditional style mouse trap asap. The bait is gone & the mice are laughing. . .
This Trap's door is too small for an average mouse and as stated by most other reviewers on Amazon, while this product makes it easy to dispose off a trapped mouse without having to get in contact with the rodent, I personally find the trap utterly useless; I tried the same in the garage hoping to catch something other than mice as I know for sure that mice in our area is big enough to carry this funny contraption. But it did not catch anything! - Total waste of money. Novel concept but poorly designed and It is very expensive and totally useless product! - Not recommended. TIP:Once you engage the trap the only way to disengage it is to give the trap a big jolt by banging on a flat surface and you can re-engage the trap and wait, wait and wait for the elusive mouse! You gotta be kidding!
The idea behind this trap is great but it failed to work. I kept one glue trap and this trap at same location. A mouse was trapped in glue trap in 48 hours whereas nothing was caught in this trap in two weeks! There were no instructions in the package, just four cartoons on one side of the cover. Later I found the PDF file with instructions on Amazon web site. Automatically sealing dead mouse is good idea. The opening in this trap is very small and bigger mouse can't get in. The bottom line for me is that it does not work. Failed to Work in a Controlled Experiment.
I've used many traps for mice and rats over the years, and the Victor kill and seal is another one that just doesn't work. I know all about proper baiting and placement of traps, and I definitely have mice in my attic, but they won't go near the Kill and Seal. The only difference between this trap and a regular spring-loaded trap is that this one has a cover over it so you don't have to see the dead mouse or look at it. That is the only advantage, yet you're paying several dollars per trap more. I guess another advantage is that the mice can't steal the bait from the trap, but that doesn't really matter if they never go for it. Unfortunately, the best mouse trap available is a glue trap. However I think they are incredibly inhumane and an awful way to kill mice and rats. If you absolutely have to get rid of mice and no other way is working, that is your best bet. If you are looking for something similar to this trap and don't mind seeing a dead mouse, try theSnap-E Mouse Trap. If you are looking to get rid of rats and have some money to burn, the best thing I've found is theAgri Zap RZU001 Rat Zapper Ultra(this product will not work with rats so make sure you know that your problem is mice). The Victor Kill & Seal is a good idea but poor execution and way too expensive for a single use product. Just doesn't work.
The two Kill & Seal traps I deployed in my home failed to kill or trap a single mice during the weeks they were in place. Meanwhile, old-fashioned, wooden traps met with great success. I live in the country, surrounded by corn and soybean fields. When harvest time arrives and the temperature begins to drop, the local field mice relocate nearby homes and barns. I've used the made in USA,Victor M038 Easy Set Mouse Trap, 4-Pack, baited with peanut butter, with good success. In fact, after I used the Kill & Seal, exclusively, for two weeks, I placed an easy set trap within one foot of each of the Kill & Seals. Both Easy Sets killed mice within a few hours while the Kill & Seals remained unsprung and empty. Besides not liquidating mice, the Kill & Seal traps are not easy to conceal, cannot be placed in tight spaces, and offer only point of entry to mice that happen upon them. Definitely not a better mouse trap. I will continue to use either the Victor Easy Sets or the regular, old-fashioned Victor wooden traps to rid my home of mice. BTW, in order to get the most out of an Easy Set, I highly recommend disregarding the instructions saying to bait the traps. Peanut butter on the yellow paddle has always done the trick for me. Useless.
My attic usually gets a few mice this time of year, and I was anxious to try out this trap. These are very easy to use, you just pop in the bait and then turn the knob to set the trigger. Unfortunately, when I turned the knob on the second trap, something went *crack* inside and it was broken. I treated both traps exactly the same, with no excessive cranking or force. Luckily for my house, but not for this review, it appears my efforts to close all of the tiny access points into my attic are successful, and none of the traps up there has a victim yet. I believe the remaining trap will work as advertised if any mice do find their way up there. The concept behind these traps -- no muss, no fuss disposal -- is good if you don't want to get up close & personal with your dead rodents. But especially given the price, a 50% failure rate right out of the box is unacceptable. Defective.
The day after I received the Victor Kill & Seal Mouse Traps, we saw a mouse in our house. I set up the mouse traps and stood back to see what would happen. You want to know what happened? Nothing. The mouse looked interested in the trap, even crawled on top of it to check it out but did not go inside the trap to get the peanut butter. I also set up some old style snap traps to see what would happen after watching the mouse crawl on top of the new traps. The old style snap traps got the mouse. I don't mind taking out the mouse carcasses to throw them away, but I do wear rubber gloves when I do it. I've NEVER had a mouse make a huge mess when it was caught in an old style snap trap (no blood or guts… maybe just a bit of urine or poo to have to clean up). I think the Victor kill and seal traps are a waste of money and resources. It seems a shame to throw away this plastic container that is going to then sit in a landfill forever. I suppose if you don't like seeing mouse carcasses then this may be a better item for you. I could also see it would probably be handy to use in a cabin or someplace where you wouldn't be all the time to check the traps on a daily basis (which is why I gave it 2 stars instead of just one). For everyday practical purposes though, I would not purchase these traps, I will stick with the old style snap traps. So while these traps may serve a purpose, they are not for me or my home. Update to my review May 2011: I've had these Victor Kill and Seal Mouse Traps in my house since I received them. They have caught NOTHING! I checked the traps on a regular basis and recently found the peanut butter totally cleaned out of one of the traps but the trap never went off. If you would like to provide a nice comfortable home for a mouse, feel free to buy these traps because they are a complete waste of money. I put out some more of the old snap traps and caught my mouse overnight! If I could give these traps a negative star, I would. I have now thrown mine in the garbage because that is all they are… GARBAGE! I'll be sticking with my snap traps from now on. They have never let me down. Seems like such a waste.
One room with hardwood floors where I kept a rescue cat and her kittens became infested with fleas. Treated the mother and kittens with Advantage II when they were weaned, and removed them from the room. The boxes and bedding I had in there for them was thrown out. There is nothing on the floor, no curtains, no furniture, no rug, just an empty room. Seems like that would be easy to rid of fleas, right? I vacuumed then sprayed every square inch of the floor, including window sills and into the baseboards. Some fleas died but the next day there were still live fleas jumping around. Vacuumed every other day. Mixed Suspend with Archer which is supposed to keep the flea eggs and larvae from hatching. Still had fleas live through it and hatch out. Sprayed a third time, this time with 3x the amount specified of both chemicals mixed with water. It has been almost a month and that room still has fleas! That room has been completely locked up and empty other than my vacuuming and spraying episodes. This is just pointless and a waste of money, and made my stomach upset for days after spraying it despite using proper ventilation, and wearing rain boots and rubber gloves. *UPDATE: If you are reading this, you are looking for a solution to your indoor flea infestation. I want to share what I finally found that did work! I mixed three chemicals together at the recommended levels with water:1) Talstar Pro insecticide (active ingredient: 7. 9% Bifenthrin)2) Dominion insecticide (active ingredient: 21. 4% Imidacloprid)3) Nyguard IGR (active ingredient: Pyriproxyfen)First let me warn that Talstar is not recommended for broadcast spray indoors, however I was willing to try anything that might work. Talstar is a very strong insecticide. Dominion contains the same chemical used in Advantage topical flea treatment (do NOT use Dominion on pets though! ). Nyguard stops eggs and larvae from hatching. To mix and spray these chemicals, you must wear a respirator mask and I recommend wearing long pants tucked into rubber rain boots, long sleeves, goggles, and elbow length chemical-resistant gloves. You should crack the windows to ventilate and keep pets and people out of the treated room. After the first spray with this mix, nearly all fleas were DEAD that day! A week later, only a few flea eggs had managed to survive and hatch, and the second spray eliminated them. No return of fleas! Just for good measure, I sprayed a third time (all 3 spraying were 1 week apart), and I left the room with the residue on the floor for several weeks after the last spray. Just be safe I mopped the floors with pinesol twice to remove any trace of the chemicals before allowing any pets to enter the room. This long process may be overly cautious but I didn't want any possibility of a reinfestation by mopping too soon, and I wouldn't take a chance of poisoning to my pets! not effective on house fleas even with an IGR.
As I stated in the title this is my first review, but a longtime Amazon Prime whom buys everything online. Upon initially receiving this product I was blown away by the quality of the sprayer. My other two sprayers are the box store roundup (ok) and the Chaplin 1 gallon. The quality difference what instantly noticeable. I loaded up glypsophate (aka roundup) and prepared to clear 300 ft of weeds on my swell. Five minutes in the unit falls apart. Half spilling on the lawn, the rest on me. Upon taking a hiatus to remove the chemical of my clothes and self I noticed that the connection between the handpump and the internal pump valve are connected by two plastic screws in between two pieces of plastic. I forgot to add that I wasted 30 minutes looking for the two screws amongst the weed. Disappointing since the unit as such promise, but a few corners cut by the manufacturer ruin what could've been a great device. I will be returning later today and searching for a different option. My first review. Only as good as weakest link.
I am very bummed out to be writing this review, but I'd be doing the public a disservice not to. I really wanted to love this product and use it and be happy with it, but it just wasn't meant to be. Setup/assembly was a breeze. It fired up immediately and I started mowing away on my small front lawn. My grass at the time was about 5 inches high, so I had to start with a higher blade setting and go lower as time went on. It went well for about eight minutes, cutting and mulching like a pro. And then it just… died. I tried changing different outlets, different extension cords, but no dice. Every time I'd try to turn on the mower, it would trip my circuit breaker (15 or 20A on all outlets tried). I stopped trying when, at one point, I plugged in the extension cord which was already plugged into the mower, and sparks shot out of my outlet. OK, so it's a defected product. I decided to give the company a chance to remedy this situation before going back to Amazon. Unfortunately, I couldn't reach Greenworks to save my life. I stayed on their customer support line in the queue for 20-30 minutes each time, waiting fruitlessly. I tried right at 9am, right at 4:55 PM, and in between. I emailed their customer support address and got no response, either. Not even an email confirmation saying &#34;thanks for reaching us, we'll get back to you in 24-48 hours). So, with a defective product in hand and no customer service to remedy the situation whatsoever, I am returning this lemon to Amazon. I don't want a replacement of a product that the company won't bother to support! Again, I'm not happy to be writing this review. I see so many 5 star reviews on here of extremely happy users. But, I'm just not one of them. Too bad. What will I buy instead? Defective product + zero company support = bad.
I put this "bait" around the perimeter of my house about a month ago. The packaging is very convenient and has a hinged cap for the top portion as seen in the illustration and the bottom portion of the cap has holes. Turning the plastic container upside down and squeezing the sides causes the granules to escape through the cap holes. The granules are teeny tiny and seem to be only slightly larger than dust particles. After applying the granules I could no longer see them in the mulch, pine straw and other vegetation that encircles the perimeter of my house. One of the other reviewers placed some of this product on a sheet of paper to observe any insect activity. That is a great idea and makes for a more accurate analysis of the product but unfortunately I did not think of doing that. As a result I can only report on what I see and what I see is a whole bunch of live ants. There was a time when I saw what I had hoped was an ant funeral procession which I was willing to attribute to Terro Ant Bait consumption but it turned out to be just a parade to and from an ant food source. I have no evidence to support an ant population decrease and therefore have no choice but to rate this one star. I have several varieties of ants but they all seem to be thriving despite the generous supply of Terro Ant Bait which I provided for them. Ant Food?
Thank goodness for Amazon Prime because it totally, completely just stopped working the 2nd time I used it. Beware, I am very disappointed, I had hopes of years use with it. I had to come back to alter the rating because the 1st time was great. Urgh! OK, it quit working the 2nd time I used it!
Fiskar is known for its sharp tools and this product appears sturdy. However while using the de-weeder the first time, this device could not remove deeper weeds. Had to go at it multiple times. First the device kept slipping off the weed stem then when it did grip the stem, I pulled for dear life and heard the shaft crack and loosen. Needless to say that it is a good idea, but just did not work for me. I will get the garden weasel. Good concept and design--snapped during first use.
This thing is a waste of moeny and time. I never figured out how to use this thing. Don't bother with this one. Don't bother.
I bought this item 3 months ago trying to solve my mouse problem. long story short it did not work. Long story,I live in a 1550sq ft ranch style house. When we first moved in we had a small mouse problem so i started traping them. I saw this item hopeing it will save me time checking the traps and re setting them. I plugged the product into the inside kitchen wall which is about dead center on my house. We thought it was taking care of the mouse problem until last week. We found a baby mouse in the printers paper tray! This was about 15' from the unit. Later that day we heard chewing in the attic and i found a nest above the living room, which is next to the kitchen, about 15 feet from the product. We went back to using good old snap traps and i cought 2 adults and 1 baby, also some kind of small mole. We havent had any insects but i also spray outside monthly. I really did believe in this product but i guess it was just luck that the mouse went away for 2 months when i first installed it. My advice, stick to the snap traps or a hotel. Junk.
I ordered two and neither will hold air! Waste of time and effort trying to get replaced. Sorry I couldn't give it a one star review. Poor choice- faulty quality.
The. 7Kg / 25 oz Karcher Cordless window and flat surface wet vac, designed and engineered in Germany and made in Hungary, is packaged as four pieces which quickly snap together. The tank snaps onto the handle section which contains the motor works and rechargeable lithium ion battery, then the vacuum neck snaps into the handle section, locking the tank into place. Lastly, the blade assembly snaps into the vacuum neck. Fully assembled, the device stands 14" / 356 mm tall, 4. 75" / 121 mm deep, and 3. 5" / 89 mm wide at the base and 11" / 280 mm wide at the wiper blade. According to the instructions on the box, all that's required is to spray the surface with cleaning solution then vac-wipe. On relatively clean mirrors in the bathroom the Karcher Cordless window and flat surface wet vac worked well enough. When I tried this approach on dirty exterior windows and wound up with a streaky mess. I went to the product website for additional information and found the online instructions require a three step process. Spray the surface with detergent, clean the surface with a microfiber cloth, then vacuum the liquid away. Once done, empty the tank and recharge the battery for next time. Between the small tank and the need to scrub the windows first, it's easier to just use a standardwindow washing squeegee. Being promoted as being able to clean windows, mirrors, condensation, showers, car windows, spills, and auto bodies, I grabbed the Karcher Cordless window and flat surface wet vac to clean up a significant spill in our bar. The Karcher wet vac started sucking up the liquid, then would spit it out the side venting and shut down. As a device to clean up spills, the Karcher Cordless window and flat surface wet vac fails to deliver, and made a bigger mess on my cabinets. I am so disgusted by the ineffectiveness and uselessness of the Karcher Cordless window and flat surface wet vac I wish I could return it, or better yet destroy it with a sledge hammer. I would suggest there is a special need for assistance, I would recommendPROS:Clean up to 45 windows per chargeSimple to assembleCan be returned for a full refundCONS:Ineffective and excessive tool Really? : A Karcher Cordless Window & Flat Surface Wet Vac Review.
Before I had a black and decker string trimmer. It worked fine but I thought it should have lasted longer than it did. So I purposely bought a weed eater. That was a big mistake. This weed eater is no good at all. Worthless junk. The string will not feed, after many attemps to make it work, I had to give up. It is junk. I cannot recommend it. worthless.
First the line won't feed. Then the line won't stop feeding. Then the excess line wraps around the hub. Then the weeds wrapped around the hub. Then the electric motor overheated. And so ended the first (and last) half hour of using this cheap piece of garbage. What a Piece of Cheap Garbage.
Some sunshine at last, and I am able to try out the new umbrella. It works; it looks nice; and it seems well made. It arrived without the finial; however, once I notified Ace Evert and forwarded the Amazon delivery notice, Mark Spiegel sent me a replacement. I live in a very windy place and am finding that even light wind gusts affect the stability of my patio table when the umbrella is up. I wish I had a square umbrella stand, instead of the round one I have presently, and I may even try screwing the legs of the table to the deck. But I'm beginning to think the best thing to do is to lower it in windy conditions and even on calm days when I'm not sitting at the table, in order to hang onto things in the event of a sudden gust. Update Aug 2012. In the process of lowering it,due to an approaching storm,that notorious pin fell out, the umbrella collapsed, and the bottle of red wine which I'd just opened, was swept onto the deck. My positive feelings for the product quickly drained away, along with the wine. Lower the mainsail!
I feel bad leaving a bad review, but nevertheless, this machine did not work well for me. I put it all together, no leaks, all together properly, but it was no more than a lazy trickle. My finger over the top of the hose did better and was twice as powerful. I used the soap dispenser and it worked okay, but nothing fancy about it. Then I took to power-washing (and I hate to even use that term here). I looked for kinks in the hose… I turned the water all the way up, checked to see if I had the machine turned on, checked to see if I had it plugged in… maybe I got a lemon, I don't know, but this machine wouldn't even wash the dirt off the bottom of my shoe (yes, I tried that too). I left it out so my husband could try it when he got home from work… like maybe I missed something that he could see and get it to work better. Nope, sorry folks, it didn't work for me. I wasn't expecting a lot, because it is small, but honestly, my hose can do better on its own. Where's the pressure? Again, maybe I got a lemon, but I'm returning it, not exchanging it, and buying a professional one. I can always turn it down if it's too powerful… but can't turn this one up! Trickle.
Experiments have shown that BPA is harmful to animals with negative impacts on functions including development, metabolism, reproductive activity and many more (E. g. , see Science Daily "Harmful effects of bisphenol A demonstrated experimentally", January 22, 2013, or Google for a very long list of other articles. The danger of BPA has pretty well become common knowledge at this point and doesn't seem to be disputed. )I emailed Aspects to ask if this feeder contains BPA because it was not clear that it did not. I received a reply from Carol that Aspects does use BPA in this and all their other polycarbonate feeders. She also said they have no current intent to make a BPA-free feeder. Let's encourage them to change that stance! I think it goes without saying that we should not be feeding our beautiful wildlife chemicals that harm them if we care about them as much as we like to think we do. Even if one isn't concerned about the first generation of hummingbirds, consider the likely possibility that the chemicals are transferred to offspring during gestation and may accumulate through generations. Furthermore, consider the food chain and the general fact that we're putting these chemicals out in our environment. Nalgene and other companies have removed BPA from their plastics and still make very strong and aesthetic water bottles without it. This feeder has many _great_ properties, but it's not the only feeder with them; personally I will buy alternatives until Aspects decides to make a BPA-free hummingbird feeder to purchase one of theirs. I would love to see them do so. There are many hummingbird feeders out there. Aspects is the primary manufacturer using BPA that I am aware of. If you like this feeder, consider alternatives from other brands. Made with BPA a chemical known to harm reproductive ability, development, and metabolism in animals.
I purchased this product for my house plants, greenhouse, and cuttings containers. To tell the truth, I saw no difference in the amount of fungus gnats whatsoever. But the reason I'm specifically displeased with it, is that it seemed to inhibit root formation on my cuttings. The container (plastic tote) that was untreated had a lot of fungus gnats as usual, but the cuttings quickly grew roots just as I expected them to. In the two containers that were treated with gnatrol, few of the cuttings survived at all, but the ones that did were painfully slow to form roots and even after rooting most of them eventually succumbed due to unidentifiable factors. The only difference in play was the addition of this product, so that is where I'm placing blame. Didn't help a bit, and possibly caused harm… not to mention a little pricey. I'm not going to be a return customer for this item. Doesn't work.
I think I've tried everything now to get rid of fungus gnats. This stuff didn't do much if anything. The yellow stickies caught bunches but barely slowed them. I let the plants dry until nearly dead, I tried teas, spices, soaps, Neem, and everything else I found or heard about. I finally got rid of them by scraping off the top 1" layer of soil and replacing it with sand. Didn't work.
This stuff was great in the start, made 17 gallons, and plant's did fine… at first. Three people were using the same brand, after about 2 months every single plant of ours died for some unknown reason. We've even fertilized them with organic fertilizers. I believe we may have gotten bad coir, I will not be buying this again. I decided to reseed some seeds into the leftover coir, the plants are not doing too well either. I transplanted some of the good plants into regular soil while I could. But while transplanting all the coir was breaking away from the roots exposing the roots to nothing but air. This stuff is horrible to work with. There must be something wrong with it for 3 people to have all their plants die from this coir. Save yourself some time and just get regular organic soil. This was a nightmare for all of us. We've lost countless hours of work due to this coir. Horrible.
While it is clearly squirrel proof, this item is also bird proof. only the smallest of fledglings could reach the suet. After one week all of the suet remains as nobody could get to it. useless.
I've used Havahart traps very extensively in the past, and they usually work great. Flawlessly. I love them. This new model I received is not flawless. The trigger design has changed completely. In the past it was a combination of rods springs and counterweights, which would make the exit door snap down when the animal touched the trigger. The new design uses cables. The cables pull the door(s) up and hold the doors open. I think this is causing some problem because if the cable is not the perfect length, i mean, if its even off by a few millimeters, then the trap won't set right. Out of the box, the trap seemed to work initially. I pulled the handle and Voila, it was set. Touch the food tray and SNAP it closed. So far so good. The problem started when I just opened ONE door to release the imaginary animal. The door wouldn't stay open. The trap is supposed to be able to work with one or two doors. It says right on the instructions that you may want to set the trap as a 1 door trap for larger critters. And you certainly don't want to open BOTH doors when you are letting the animal out, as it could "run out the back" and scurry up your leg. After I tried to set it as a 1 door trap, now the 2 door trap won't work either. Somehow the trigger mechanism won't set right. Whether I try to use it as a 1 door trap or a 2 door trap, the trap won't stay open. So it won't work at all. Which is really disappointing. I'm going to contact the manufacturer to see if there is anything that can be done, but, because it is "easy set" and you "just move the lever 1 2 3" there is simply nothing else that I can do differently. Very temperamental.
I regularly use an older larger version (I believe it is the next size up) of the Havahart humane trap. While it does not always catch the critters, it does a decent enough job - say 4 stars. When you run a farm, you can never have too many critter traps esp. when raising critically endangered breeds of birds who are starting to sit on their nests! Unfortunately this "new & improved" version of the Havahart trap is pretty worthless. While it is very easy to open one or both doors, it is another thing entirely to get the door/s to stay open. So far we have not caught a single critter. The trap is always set off though! Sometimes it is even knocked around. Yet, no critter is inside. I am still keeping it set up on the off chance it does what is supposed to do, but I have very little expectation in finding anything more than an overturned cage with closed doors. This newer version is so sensitive that even a slight bump to the trap causes the doors to snap shut. The only way it's going to catch a critter is if the bugger doesn't sniff at the cage & walks directly inside! Not very realistic. Hence the closed door & tipped over trap thanks to the critters triggering the hypersensitive door then proceeding to drive themselves crazy pawing at the yummy treats inside! 'If things miraculously change for the better, I will return to edit my review. In the meantime, don't bother with this one! Do yourself a favor & get the traps that have the little metal piece that you can manually fix if needed to insure that the door/s to the trap will stay open. Don't Bother.
I purchased this weeder based on the excellent reviews, but I had a totally different experience with this product. I used this tool for about 1 hr straight today. Mostly I was weeding dandelions (this weeder really looks to be a take on the traditional dandelion digger, so I thought it would work well). But I also used it to weed various other types of weeds throughout the yard and garden. As other reviewers have pointed out, the tool does have very sharp points and is built to last - nice, heavy, one-piece polished aluminum construction and nice quality handle. However, I was very disappointed in the functionality of this tool, mainly because of the design of the functional weeding tip. The widest opening at tip (top width of the V) is only 3/8" (actually slightly less than 3/8") and it is a very narrow V (the vertical cutting part of the V is 3/4"). It just did not work for big dandelions - the root of big dandelions is just too large to fit nicely into the cutting area, even if when I used force to try to cut off large roots, it did not work well. I think this is also because the inside cutting edges of the V are very dull, so it does not cut roots well. Also, the V is very narrow and thick and gets clogged with dirt easily. Another point about the design is that the lever is at a very flat, awkward angle and does not work well for "popping" weeds. I did try different angles and positions of the Fiskars weeder and it just did not work for me. It seemed to take so much effort to use. The only minor success that I had was in very soft soil in a mulched garden bed, but definitely worse than the standard dandelion digger. It also worked okay for digging under clover on bare soil. I cannot imagine using this tool in thick grass or hard dirt. Definitely do not recommend. I will try sharpening my traditional dandelion digger tip and continue using it. Bad design.
Experiments have shown that BPA is harmful to animals with negative impacts on functions including development, metabolism, reproductive activity and many more (E. g. , see Science Daily "Harmful effects of bisphenol A demonstrated experimentally", January 22, 2013, or Google for a very long list of other articles. The danger of BPA has pretty well become common knowledge at this point and doesn't seem to be disputed. )I emailed Aspects to ask if this feeder contains BPA because it was not clear that it did not. I received a reply from them that Aspects does use BPA in this and all their other polycarbonate feeders. They also explicitly said they have no current intent to make a BPA-free feeder. Let's encourage them to change that stance! I think it goes without saying that we should not be feeding our beautiful wildlife chemicals that harm them if we care about them as much as we like to think we do. Even if one isn't concerned about the first generation of hummingbirds, consider the likely possibility that the chemicals are also transferred to offspring during gestation and may accumulate through generations. Furthermore, consider the food chain and the general fact that we're putting these chemicals out in our environment. Nalgene and other companies have removed BPA from their plastics and still make very strong and aesthetic water bottles without it. This feeder has many great properties, but it's not the only feeder with them; personally I will buy alternatives (of which there are plenty) until Aspects decides to make a BPA-free hummingbird feeder to purchase one of theirs. I would love to see them do so. Made with bisphenol A (BPA) a chemical known to harm reproductive ability, development, and metabolism in animals.
This thing is ridiculously flimsy and it arrived with crimps and damaged rim. For $12 this is ridiculous… and it has a sticker one it calling it a kitty litterbox cover… WTF is that? It's also not Hydrofarm brand, I own several Hydrofarm products froms grow lights to timers and it's all high quality which is why I ordered this, I am very disappointed. It works but it's so thin you have to be very easy with it. Horrible quality.
We ordered these when some field mice decided to attack the fuel lines and wires in our two vehicles and cost us a great deal of money to repair. The war is on to kill these little buggers and this is just part of our arsenal to get rid of them. They arrived promptly and as described, but since we put them out, no mice have been caught, so either the mice are gone or hiding. We'll see and will update this review accordingly then. Overall, they appear durable enough to do the job they were designed for and very easy to handle and set up and the best part, they appear strong and lasting enough to reuse if you can stomach doing so. UPDATE as of 3/22/14:No mice caught in them and they broke with regular use after owning for just a couple of months. CAN'T RECOMMEND AT ALL!!!! :( Used peanut butter as bait and nothing. Lousy-Pricey-Didn't work; then broke. Waste of money!
I set two of these to try to catch the rats that have been pestering my chickens. Both traps caught a rat. Neither trap killed the rat immediately. The first was pretty horrific, as the trap somehow caught the rat at the hip. The rat crawled a good 25 feet away and was still breathing 8ish hours later when i found it. The second seems to have been a bit faster, as the trap did close on the rat's head/neck, but the rat was able to crawl about 8 feet away from where the trap was set before finally dying. So if you're totally ok with this being a grossly INhumane trap, i can say it does seem to _catch_ rats. It's easy to bate, and there's no risk of breaking a finger while setting it. However, if you're queasy about killing and were hoping for something that would kill the vermin so quickly they didn't know what hit them, this is absolutely not the trap to get. Catches rats, but doesn't kill them.
I gave these a good try on my grill tonight, and here were my results:Feel: Charcoal is surprisingly dusty and dirty. It has a fine black dust all over it that gets on everything. Once I had the bag open, I had to double bag the rest to prevent it from getting on my clothing and on everything in my house. Lighting: Charcol lit very easily from a chimney. No problem getting it started. Briquette Burning: Burned very easily--briquettes turned light grey very quickly and evenly burned. Smoke: No smoke---this is a major problem for barbecues. I use hardwood briquettes mostly for the wonderful smoke that infuses the food with flavor. These have no smoke, so they did not create the barbecue flavor. Smell: Did not smell like the barbecue I know and love. Apart from no smoke, they had a strange odor while burning that was not appetizing. Heat: While the briquettes lit quickly and burned evenly, they did not burn very hot. It would be impossible to sear my food with these briquettes, or cool at any reasonable temperature. I had to add a few real briquettes to get my food done. Price: Far more expensive than conventional briquettes. In short, I see nothing redeeming in this product and recommend you do not buy it. Terrible product I do not recommend you buy - does not get hot and no nice aroma.
I have owned B&D cordless outdoor equipment for 10+ years. They are of such high quality I rarely need to replace them. But the batteries are so expensive, sometimes it pays to just buy new. Enter this trimmer… my first use lasted about 3 minutes and I did notice it spun much faster and louder than my previous 18V. I went to hang it back up on the wall but first decided to check the line length remaining out of curiosity. It had maybe 5 inches left! Huh? It was a new spool when I installed it. All I did was trim grass, I thought to myself. Next week I installed a new line and made absolute sure that I was trimming grass and not dirt. Same result. I called B&D and was told this was an issue with the older models but not this one. She sent me a replacement for free. I tried the second one and had the exact same experience. Back it went as well. I am just going to replace batteries in my old model because using a spool a use compared to one every year is just ridiculous to me. Eats line faster than it trims grass.
I have one Black and Decker Cordless trimmer/it is very weak does not trim any thing I expected. Now I see the Worx GT on TV. I would not buy it. Too good to be true. no power.
My other grasshog trimmer died after 8 years, and I picked this one up. Like others the auto-feeder had issues. It was binding on itself, would spit out too much line and get twisted up. It was horrible. I went to my local Home Depot and talked to them and they said "most of these come back. " I will probably try another B&D but I would stay away from this one until they work the issues out. Line feeder is horrible, had to return it.
Stopped working after less than a few month's of sporadic use. Gave as a gift. It broke. Embarrassing. Back to the drawing board??? Undoubtedly better options out there. Not a very good item.
For this price and size, the diameter of the disc should be thicker. I currently have a few houseplants around the living room which I filled with large rocks. Works fine for when they thrive and just sit there. But when I had a plant die last winter, I had to convince hubby to drag the whole heavy pot, palm fronds in his face, out to the yard in the snow and dead of winter to dump it out so I could replace it. Enter, Garden Genius pot fillers. I find that the material is fantastic for letting water drain through and helps prevent roots from just sitting in standing water. However, once you place a ton of soil and your plant on top of it, the disc is pretty much flattened out. I'm not entirely sure how helpful it is with drainage at that point. On the plus side, it keeps the soil from leaking out of the bottom of the drainage holes in my planter. Garden Genius has a cheaperalternativein the form of a roll which you can cut to measure. Moreover, you can layer these so that you have a little more volume to stand up to the weight of the soil. But an even cheaper alternative? Buy something fragile here on Amazon and hope for packing peanuts. Another time trusted method for very large pots is using discarded plastic containers such as milk jugs, yogurt cups, soda cans, etc. You can layer the plastic containers or packing peanuts along the bottom, cover with a sheet of landscape fabric or burlap, then put soil on top. Ta Da! If you found this review helpful, please let met know! Thanks! Love the material, not the shape nor the cost.
Our two basic wooden mousetraps that we have in our garage have caught over 100 mice with just peanut butter on them. I don't see any need for these and especially when they are deadly to humans and pets. Not worth the risk. Not worth the risk.
With several backyard chickens, our garage is a host for little mice. We store all of our grains in the garage, and no matter how clean I keep the garage and how secure I keep the grain, we still manage to have the pitter patter of little feet running through. I put the Tomcat Mouse Killer in the garage to help control the number of mice I see there. Even despite after eating the bait, I noticed a few green tinged poops and after the bait was completed, I still saw evidence of little visitors in my garage. Either I have a lot more mice that I thought, or this stuff isn't working. I decided to get a few old fashioned snap traps which seem to be working much more effectively, even though it's not nearly as pretty. Did Not Work for Us.
I found an ant hill in my yard, so I put the stakes around it, but, unfortunately, I didn't notice any difference with ant activity. The hill is alive and thriving. I used the same maker's liquid ant baits for indoors and they wiped out ants in just a few days, I am surprised why those did not work. did nothing to the ant hill.
Ok, if you are any kind of a gardener, you know you can't put a plant in a pot without any openings in the bottom becauseit could become water logged and the leaves will turn brown. The roots need space between the soil for oxygen. Like most gardeners, I usually add some rocks or broken clay tiles on the bottom of pots without any drainage holes. The idea of this product, Durable Pot Filler Disc, is to place this disc on the bottom of the pot before putting in the soil and plant and it will provide breathing room for the roots. When I debate if I am going to buy these discs or use some rocks, pebbles, or broken tiles I have laying around, I am going to use what I already have. You can reuse these discs but you can also reuse rocks. What I have seen suggested in gardening books is to buy the material used for these discs in a roll a cut your own which would make it cheaper. The material it is made out of is like what is used in some evaporative cooler pads, not the straw or cardboard ones, the plastic ones. Not that great.
Since I wrote my original review, the four CAMCO 50 foot hoses that we bought, all have developed bad kinks, several of which now leak (because the hose totally broke down). There is no way I can recommend this product and I hope that other customers don't have the severe problems with these CAMCO hoses, that we've had. Original review: We bought three of these Camco "premium" drinking water hoses recently, and they KINK something fierce. Furthermore, since this hose is heavier and firmer, when it kinks, the bend itself doesn't resolve and it tends to kink over and over at the same place or places. I love the hose otherwise, but the design is either defective or we got a couple of bad Camco hoses! I can't recommend this hose at all, due to this severe problem! This hose kinks something awful!
There are the good and bad… PROS. 1. The water spray is adequate.. 2. It is light weight in comparison to its competitors… CONS. 1. It is very hard to start.. 2. Briggs and Stratton gas engines run rough. They are not as smooth as Honda.. 3. Mine lasted only a year. I did not use it much - three times or nine hours total.. 4. It is cheaply built. Too many plastic parts are used. It Died After a Year.
This pressure washer is hard to start and has a lousy carburetor that will fill your crankcase with gas while leaking all over the ground. This is a &#34;one year&#34; design and the pump is light duty. Expect to get about 15 days of service out of it before the pump craps out. Their customer service people are not much help either. Nice Design… leaks gas, hard to start.
Don't waste your money. The birds would not eat this product. I tried putting it in different types of feeders, mixing it with BOSS and spreading it the ground. Nope… nothing. Birds wouldn't eat it.
Unfortunately, we have too many black birds and sparrows to appreciate putting out these mealworms. It's just not for us, but I thought I would give it a try to attract some other type birds. For the Birds.
I like that these are disposable. however, you must touch the posion to load them, which is a hassle, to put it mildly. The mice eat the poison from the station and die elsewhere. The biggest problem with this product and with poisoning mice (besides the inhumane treatment of poisoning mice) is that cats or dogs cat then eat the dead mice and then the pets die that way. Although this product is good at making sure that children and other pets do not get to the poison, the fact that the mice will die somewhere in the house and might be then eaten by your pets who will then die is scary. meh.
With several backyard chickens, our garage is a host for little mice. We store all of our grains in the garage, and no matter how clean I keep the garage and how secure I keep the grain, we still manage to have the pitter patter of little feet running through. I put the Tomcat Mouse Killer in the garage to help control the number of mice I see there. Even despite after eating the bait, I noticed a few green tinged poops and after the bait was completed, I still saw evidence of little visitors in my garage. Either I have a lot more mice that I thought, or this stuff isn't working. I decided to get a few old fashioned snap traps which seem to be working much more effectively, even though it's not nearly as pretty. Because the bait was not effectively, I have not use for a refillable station. Maybe you'll have better luck than me - but for didn't work in our household. Did not work for us.
I do have a rat problem at my house. They move back and forth between the attic and the backyard. So I had hoped that this would help cut down their numbers a bit by placing this strategically in areas where I know they occur. In the entire time that I have had this, evidently not a single rat has been fooled into nibbling on the bait, because it is still the same as it was the day I opened it. Even placing it in areas where I know rats have been, the bait was not touched. I don't know how to judge the success of something like this, which has a delayed effect, but I do know how to judge its failure, and in my case this failed. Did not work.
I've had this in place for nearly three weeks, but the bait block is still a perfect rectangle with sharp corners and not a nibble nibbled off. In that time, i've seen rats in the area. I can actually see where they've modified their little race track to go around the bait station instead of interacting with it. And the whole point of the pre-loaded bait station is to keep the bait off your hands. Too bad the box was full of bait-dust, so it got all over my hands anyway. The rats are not impressed.
A key thing to realize with this trap's bait is that it killed the mice when there was no other food to be had. That suggests that, out in the real world, a mouse would rather wander off and eat something else rather than take a big blue bite of the brick inside this bait station. I can say, with certainty, that the mice snacking on my garden have zero interest in this product. The mice are not impressed.
Purchased two packs of these stakes from Amazon. Less than a week in the ground the stakes are cracked, dry and brittle. Too expensive sticks to have broken down so fast. Never would I buy these stakes again. They are definitely not for use in a garden bed. Not worth it.
A bag of catfood in the laundry room closet got superinfested with Pantry Moths. Although I got ready of the bag of catfood, there must have been 1000 larvae in the room. I sprayed the room with an insecticide and closed the door for a couple of days but still saw emerging moths. Then I stuck in one of these traps and a bowl of water. I knew to use the latter because the moths kept drowning themselves in the cat's waterbowl. Four days later and I have a water bowl full of dead moths and exactly three moths stuck in their little moth hotel. Guess it's time to bring in the steam cleaner. Killed More Moths With a Bowl of Water Than These.
No option for ZERO stars, had to give it one star?! Last year I bought the Terro brand. It took a few weeks but they caught all the moths eventually. The Terro's traps were filled up within a month and the entire moth population died off. However, a few weeks ago, I noticed moths returning so immediately went to Amazon to buy more traps but bought the wrong kind. These Catchmaster traps are NOT working! The moths are living and flying happily around. I'm so disgusted that I didn't re-order the same brand that I bought before, not realizing it was Terro that had worked previously. I do NOT recommend these. I believe I've received defective traps or the &#34;bait&#34; is expired. There is no option to get a replacement… just an option to send them back. It's too much trouble and time/expense to package them up and travel to the post office to return these. I'll quickly go order the Terro brand that I had before and hopefully, let this be a lesson learned for all. This is a sad, troubling experience. I'm usually happy with Amazon. Not this time! This Catchmaster brand does not catch or trap moths!
Both this product and the trap it goes into did zero to help get rid of stink bugs. Waste of money. Don't bother. Absolutely worthless.
The trap didn't work, and the refills do not work. Stink bugs galore -- everywhere but in this worthless trap! A rip off! Didn't work.
I purchased this and found it to be a waste of money. It does not attrack the stink bugs like it claims. They still come t the house Don't waste your money.
This product does not do a better job than rocks or gravel. While it is easy to drop into your container (and putting in rocks would take about two more minutes) I don't think it provides a value. When you factor in the high price, I feel any weight benefits are terribly overshadowed. I do not have to move my gardening pots very often anyway. I also keep five pots on my deck and purchasing this filler disc for all of them would be prohibitive. It states that it is long-lasting but… Is it going to be longer lasting than the rocks I have used in the past? These rocks are mostly cultivated from my own backyard and add no additional expense. I suppose if you need to move your pots several times a day and have money to burn, this may be of some value to you. Not a good value.
I totally agree with another review that for this price and size, the diameter of the disc should be thicker. I currently have a few houseplants around the living room which I filled with large rocks. Works fine for when they thrive and just sit there. But when I had a plant die last winter, I had to convince hubby to drag the whole heavy pot, palm fronds in his face, out to the yard in the snow and dead of winter to dump it out so I could replace it. Enter, Garden Genius pot fillers. I find that the material is fantastic for letting water drain through and helps prevent roots from just sitting in standing water. However, once you place a ton of soil and your plant on top of it, the disc is pretty much flattened out. I'm not entirely sure how helpful it is with drainage at that point. On the plus side, it keeps the soil from leaking out of the bottom of the drainage holes in my planter. Garden Genius has a cheaperalternativein the form of a roll which you can cut to measure. Moreover, you can layer these so that you have a little more volume to stand up to the weight of the soil. But an even cheaper alternative? Buy something fragile here on Amazon and hope for packing peanuts. Another time trusted method for very large pots is using discarded plastic containers such as milk jugs, yogurt cups, soda cans, etc. You can layer the plastic containers or packing peanuts along the bottom, cover with a sheet of landscape fabric or burlap, then put soil on top. Ta Da! If you found this review helpful, please let me know! Like the material, not the shape or the cost.
I have released them in the night but they only stay for one and half day they all checked out or became birds food. Out in the woods.
It's rare I give a 1-star review but in this case I have 4 pounds of useless rat poison. I'm sure if that rats eat this stuff they will die but here in California at least the rats are too smart for this stuff. I put it in one of their travel paths and they POOPED on this indicating they just walked right over it. ZERO bite marks on the bait. Since I have 4 pounds of it I'm thinking of adding peanut butter to it but I really shouldn't have to do that. I bought some pellet packs at home depot (about $1 each, really cheap) and the rats LOVE those. I also find it interesting that many of the 5-star reviews for this product are either from reviewers who have ONLY reviewed this product or else gave a bunch of other 5 star reviews the same day as they reviewed this product then haven't reviewed anything else since. Hmmm.. Sorry, can't recommend. California rats not interested, next.
I got this to use when I do my annual siding and driveway power washing because it says it cleans vinyl/aluminum siding, gutters, roofs, stucco, and brick and also contains Sporex to clean off mold and mildew. I have green mildew on some of my vinyl siding and was excited to give this a try to hopefully avoid using a scrubbing brush and make it easier to clean. I used this exactly as directed and while I did like the low odor factor, it did nothing else that plain water and my power washer couldn't do alone. I used this on the mildew and it didn't even come off, even after letting it sit for a few minutes, so I had to use the scrub brush anyway. I also used this on my concrete driveway and sidewalks to try to get rid of some rust colored stains and it didn't make any difference, plus I still had to use a scrub brush to get stains off. Bottom line, save the $11. 99 and just use plain water because the results will be the same! Might As Well Just Use Water.
We have to clean our vinyl siding 2 x a year because we live near a busy street and because we have neighbors that like to have burn pits going in their yards during the summer. That all adds up to some greasy siding. I followed the directions and wasn't happy after the first wash - the grease was still thick in the little fake wood grainy bumps on the siding. I was hoping it was because I used the hose even though we do have really good water pressure. A week later I decided to try it using the pressure washer and while that took a little more off, I still wasn't real pleased with the results. What I have left I'm just going to use for things I can scrub in addition to spraying, like the lawn furniture etc. It does remove grease - it just needs you to scrub too so as a siding wash it was a fail for me. Didn't work on my siding.
The cats in my neighborhood love this stuff. I just sprinkle it on the ground, they show up and lay beside it, roll in it, sniff it. Basically this is granulated catnip. Unfortunately I want to get rid of cats, not get more of them. I had hopes but.
Well, the squirrel ate more of the garage door after Dad put these around the area. He said they smelled bad enough, but didn't work. :( So, he put a phony woodpecker out there, and is waiting for the results of that, but said that the plastic bird worked quite well in the back of the house. :) Didn't do anything for squirrels.
It worked so well for about six months but unfortunately as many others have already reported there is a definite battery issue. Black & Decker confirms there was a large batch of faulty batteries (LBXR36) that got released. I purchased this from Amazon and they were the seller of this product. However, even Amazon will no longer sell, warranty or even discuss this poor product. I'm trying now (with little success so far) to get Black & Decker to honor the supposed 3 yr. warranty on this battery, but so far I've been treated with little more than an honorable ignorance. If I don't hear from them soon this will sadly be my last Black & Decker product. I would avoid this product folks. Battery died in less than 6 months as others are reporting.
I received this yesterday. While waiting for it to arrive, I read other reviews on it so was curious to find out what my own experience would be. I wasted no time setting it. The device consists of a clear plastic tube nestled into a black plastic tray. The first step on the instructions said to remove the clear tube from the black plastic tray and put bait in the bait tray. I could not make head nor tail of their diagram to figure out exactly where I was supposed to put the bait, but took a guess and shoved a little peanut butter in. Next I loaded the ring, which actually was much easier than I had anticipated based on reviews. The next step said to hold the lever with my thumb while inserting it back into the black plastic tray. The problem is it is not that easy to get it back in. I had had some difficulty getting it out in the first place and now I couldn't figure out how to get it back in. While trying, my thumb released the trigger and the ring flew off. Now my hands were slightly greasy from the peanut butter and getting the ring back on was next to impossible. I tried drying everything off with a towel and eventually with the help of the towel, was able to thread the ring back on. In the middle of all this, I realized I had guessed wrong about where to put the bait. So now I had to clear the peanut butter out of where I had put it, and move it to the new location (again - a better diagram, or marking ON the plastic where to put the bait, would be enormously helpful). I again tried to set the clear plastic tube into the tray while holding the trigger with my thumb. I almost had it in when it triggered again, planting the ring on my index finger. On the plus side, there was no discomfort. On the minus side, I had to reset the ring a third time. Finally on the third try, I got the ring to stay on AND got the clear tube set into the black tray. FINALLY (20 minutes and a lot of frustration after starting) the thing was set and ready to catch mice. I've had a mouse problem in my chicken coop, and the trail of mouse poop indicates where they spend a lot of time. So I set the trap up against a wall, on the floor, in the middle of one of their paths. I was mildly disappointed when locking up the chickens for the night last night to find that it had not yet killed a mouse. But I figured they are probably more active by night than by day so by morning it would have done the job. Not so - by this morning the thing is still sitting there triggered and ready to go - no dead mice anywhere. So needless to say, my experience with this mouse trap has not been one that would allow me to recommend it. While working on it, another thought occurred to me which is that it can only kill one at a time before needing to be reset. Prior to ordering this, I had been looking at a Victor trap that can hold up to 30. A friend (who also needed a trap for her chicken coop) ordered the Victor trap and reported catching 16 the first night, 13 the second and 15 the third. And she doesn't have to reorder any parts to get it to keep catching mice. When I compare that to the single mouse this trap could kill IF it did it at all… the choice is easy. Off to order the Victor trap… Update: After sitting in the chicken coop for 8 days, the trap finally killed a mouse. As a matter of interest, I tried removing the ring from the dead mouse and although it is tight and therefore not easy, it is doable. I was able to reuse the ring to reset the trap, and feed the mouse to the chickens. The next morning there was another dead mouse, and I was able to repeat. It seems that now they are used to the trap sitting there, it is starting to be effective. I also thought others might be interested to know it *is* possible to reuse the rings, with a little bit of work. Too limited to be of much use.
Number one, I don't like how in humane this is. Since the mouse ran across the entire room, 14 feet, after it got the ring on it's neck it was obvious it did not die instantly and then I still had to pick it up to throw away so nasty that way too. The whole thing is also too expensive if you have a lot of mice. I still say the old wood trap is just as good and cheaper than anything else out there and you can reuse it over and over. I just pick the end of the trap up with that so I don't need to touch the dead mouse to open it and drop it in the garbage. Much more sanitary. Also, I had a hard time getting this crazy thing put together with the ring on after the one that came already installed was used. Anyone with big hands and fingers,or weak hands and fingers, will find it almost impossible to get it set again. Just go buy the old wood traps, they never let you down and are cheap and seem to never wear out. I have one that is about 30 years old and works as well now as the day I bought it and… I never need to buy anything extra to make it work. They may try to make it look like it is hard to use but that's just negative advertising. Like anything else, once you've set it a few times it's a breeze. Nooski 300000798 Mouse Trap With 10 Rings.
I've had this outside in a highly travelled mouse highway for about a month and a half already, and we haven't caught one mouse with it. Meanwhile, one standard trap 2 feet away and another standard trap 2 feet away in the other direction have both given me kills, repeatedly. Haven't caught a thing.
I live on a farm in the middle of fields. During winter, mice invade our barn and basement looking for food and warmth. So I know a thing or two about mouse traps. I buy a lot of them. In fact, I buy them by the case. I was interested in trying a new one. Being new is the only thing the Nooski mouse trap has going for it. It's miserable to set, not terribly effective, and when it works it's inhumane. First you have to set the trap. This involves rolling a very tight rubber ring around the trap. That's a pain and I ended up needing my son's help. We tried tripping the trap and it tripped one time out of three attempts. We placed the trap in a high mouse traffic zone. It was located by plain old sticky boards. The first two nights all the sticky boards had a mouse but not the nooski. The third night, the nooski caught a mouse. Kind of. It actually ended up not around his neck but kind of around his head. He made it a good distance. We only found him because of the bright green ring. I really hate mice and I will kill them to keep them out of my grain, chicken coops, and especially house. But there is no way I can justify doing that to an animal. I'll stick with using One Bite and sticky boards. I am not sure if it could be more complicated.
As you probably are aware by now, the idea of this mousetrap is to snap a rubber band around the neck of the mouse, to strangle it or perhaps break its neck. Either way, you end up with a mouse on the floor with a thick rubber band around its neck. And if you have a dog or a cat, they're more than likely going to eat the mouse AND the rubber band. This is not something I want to risk. Another bad idea for us (good for the company) is that you would have to keep buying more rubber bands to keep using the trap. It's not like so many other traps that are simply reusable. Sorry, not only can't I recommend it, I recommend against it. Do NOT use this trap if you have pets!
It took forever to set this trap, to get the little rubber ring onto the trap was certainly a trick. I couldn't do it I had to find someone with more agile fingers than I have. I checked it a few days later and the rubber ring was gone and no mouse in sight. I set the trap again, a few days later the same, rubber ring is gone but no mouse. These little rubber rings are expensive and you have to man handle the trap to get them on it anyway. I assume the mice are dead but I really don't know because I never found a body. I'll jus go back to the snap spring trap, I know it works because there is a dead mouse to prove it. No ring and no mouse.
Nooski 300000798 Mouse Trap With 10 Rings. This mouse trap was easy to get out of the package and it took a little time to set it up. You have to make sure the ring is all the way on or it will snap off and you start again. It is a bit hard to push the ring on. The peanut butter was the easiest part to put on. Then we placed it in our motor home, the next morning the trap was sprung, the peanut butter was gone and so was the ring but we could not find a mouse anywhere. Then for the next three mornings the trap was sprung, the peanut butter was gone but the green ring was laying by the trap and no mouse. The fourth time the ring was gone and no mouse to be found. There were mice dropping inside the tube but no dead mice. Nooski 300000798 Mouse Trap With 10 Rings.
I purchased 3 different timers from 3 different manufacturers. This one was a tad bit more difficult to get lined up on the spigot correctly, but once in place, worked as advertised. UPDATE--We had a hard sudden freeze. The other 2 timers came through fine. In fact, they stayed on the spigots all winter. This one cracked and spewed 100+ gallons of water before it was caught. Would not purchase if there is any chance of a hard freeze before you can remove the unit. I live in the Sacramento Valley, so my idea of a hard freeze is about 28 degrees. Works Great--SHORT LIFE.
Orbit screwed up simple technology by adding a &#34;trigger&#34; to reset. It is not intuitive for me. Sometimes, after resetting to Off, I found that it began to run. Not good. I threw these away. Orbit needs to reset its reset.
We've had this mouse trap in a problem mouse area at our front entryway for several weeks now. We know there are mice because because we see droppings--lots of them. So I knew the optimal location to place this mouse trap. Our hope was that we'd catch the little pests and then be able to safely and humanely release them in an empty field far from home. We followed the directions to a T. Setting the trap isn't difficult, though the directions call for precision when winding up the mechanism that is supposed to usher mice in. Unfortunately, we have quite a bit of evidence that mice have been around the trap. There are droppings around it and even on it. But nary a mouse has been caught. This is supposed to be a bait free trap, and we followed directions and didn't use any bait. As the mouse problem is in a location that doesn't actually have a food source, we don't want to add one. Likewise, we don't want to exacerbate our problem by attracting ants, so this baitless trap is completely ineffective at our house. Surrounded by droppings, but not a single mouse caught.
 Frustrating and mostly ineffective.
This has a tendency to stall. Tried using it and after about 15 minutes or so, it stopped. Had to wait about 30 minutes before it would turn on again. I don't like yard work, so this just prolonged the agony. I've used the Green Machine trimmer and had better, consistent results. Save your money.
I had high hopes for this trap. We have a ton of moles here and it was easy to find a mole tunnel to set up the trap according to the directions. Twice the trap was tripped, and no dead mole. After that, the trap is not even being tripped, I have tried everything with this trap to make it kill these pest moles, but with no luck. In my book this is an easy to set trap that does nothing to rid your place of mole infestation. Not a single dead mole to show for the trouble. Not recommended. Easy to set and doesn't catch a single mole.
Moles invading our lawn are a bane of ours every year so my husband is constantly seeking out ways to eliminate them. This is not one of them. It takes so much pressure to spring the trap that the mole would almost have to jump into it for it to work. Worthless.
I am a male of average size (5'10" tall) with normal-sized hand (size Large gloves). The pictures show someone with *much* smaller hands. [1] While these clips might be usable by such a person, they are all but unusable by me. The pictures show three different grips. The one I could get to work best was the one with the loop toward my wrists. [2] I could get the other two grips to work if my hands were dry. However, with a little moisture, the inherent slipperiness of the clip combined with its mismatch to the size and contours of my hand would cause it to slide around, even off the hand. This was for closing the clip. For opening it, I could get only the first grip to work, and then not every time. The problem is that the finger "grips" are too slippery and flexible to apply much pressure to the locking mechanism. The lock is designed to open by the sides shearing away from each other. Although it is possible to pop the lock open (sides moving directly away from each other), the finger loops at too flexible to generate the needed force and I couldn't grip the sides strongly enough. The only way I got it to pop was to push the main loop down over my finger until the finger over-filled the loop. The clips were extremely hard to open the first few times that I used them. I found that I needed to open and close them 3-4 times to have any chance of opening them using the finger grips. With more repetitions, it became easier. I would recommend against using these with actual plants without this "conditioning". I have *not* subjected the clips to weathering to know how that affects their operation. [3]My larger hand and finger size reduced the range of orientations of the clip relative to my hand. This repeatedly resulted in me having to contort my wrist and arm to try to get the clip properly oriented with the stake and the plant stem. [4] What I wanted from these clips was the ability to reach into difficult locations and to easily and sure-handedly clip a stem to a stake or other support. Instead of being allowed to contort my wrist and arm as needed, these clips forced me to put my hand into contorted positions even for the simplest applications. I practiced applying them using vines I was about to trim and that convinced me to not even try to use them with tender stems -- the sliding around on my fingers was too much. Finally, I have zero confidence that I would be able to open the snap without damaging a tender stem. ----[1] "smaller hands": My thumb and finger fill and/or stretch the loops in the different grips. The pictures show fingers that don't come close to that. [2] The picture showing two hands: one closing and one opening the clips. On the package, this is the only one illustrated. [3] Note: I repeated this experiment on clip after clip in the package with the same result to ensure that I wasn't just testing a bad sample. [4] Notice in the picture with the Sunflower that the hand with the clip is vertical. This is not simply for photo composition, but reflects roughly the position of the hand needed for that grip. -- Douglas B. Moran Difficult/impossible for larger hands.
Most of my lawn gear is gas powered. I have recently invested in both battery and electrical tools. Like all homeowners I'm always looking for something that does the job better. Though B&D; owns just about everybody including DeWalt, the brand has never been known as a serious player in lawn gear and power tools. I signed on to test several Black & Decker lawn tools. After four weeks use these are my thoughts on this product. This model comes with (1) 36 volt lithium ion battery, charger, blow tube, leaf bag, vacuum tube and a two year warranty. Let's face it. Black & Decker will never win any awards for providing outstanding instructions. Still, out of the box assembly takes seconds. Just snap the nozzle pieces together, lock it into the slot and you're in business. Fully assembled this unit measures 37" long from butt to nozzle tip. With the battery on board the total weight is easily a little over 5 lbs. Unlike my older blower I like the comfortable soft grip feature on this model. This unit operates off of a B&D; 36 volt lithium ion battery. The battery is outfitted with an onboard power indicator. The power switch is ideally mounted and simple to use. With a flick of the thumb you're in business. The multi level power switch is also sweet. Just keep in mind the higher the number the less juice users will have in the end. Fully charged I get almost an hour before a noticeable drop off in power. I do enjoy the low noise feature. Make no mistake, this model does suck down the juice. Unlike other B&D; lithium ion batteries, this battery takes about eight hours to charge. Even after eight hours charging, the battery's onboard indicator still shows that the battery is not fully charged. For me that's unacceptable. The blower feature works like a charm. Its not going to beat my gas powered one, but it does perform. It easily took care of my sidewalk, driveway and back patio will no real issues. It also does well clearing small water puddles on the walkway. Conversion to vacuum mode is just a matter of screwing off the intake cap and attaching the leaf bag. Changing out the vacuum tube took a little bit longer and required a rubber mallet to slide into place. Like most of the newer leaf vacuums, the bag is a too small. Its been all miss when it comes to vacuuming leaves. For small properties this tool as a blower works well. The problems that I have encountered with the battery combined with the overall performance of the vacuum feature lowers the rating of this product. Even with a second battery the leaf vacuum isn't going to win me over. Still a second battery is a must if this tool is going to be the primary blower. Overall, I like the direction that Black & Decker is taking with their new lineup of garden tools. Obviously this one needs a little more fine tuning. Its definitely a work in progress. BLOWER = 3 STARS/LEAF VACUUM = 1 STAR.
Our two basic wooden mousetraps that we have in our garage have caught over 100 mice with just peanut butter on them. I don't see any need for these, especially since they are deadly to humans and pets. Not worth the risk. We threw these out.
I just got this feeder to replace an older one that was hard to fill without making a mess. One important point. Its NOT squirrel or raccoon proof as some are. I have this hanging on a tall pole and they can get on the feeder and empty it quickly even with a lube on pole. Ordered the Brome unit to replace this. You get what you pay for. Easy to fill but NOT Squirrel or Raccoon proof.
I was really excited about getting this trimmer with all the great reviews. Several problems for me. First I hated the fact that I had to hold down the saftey switch the entire time or it cuts off. My arms were very tired just from having to hold down that stupid saftey switch. Also battery didn't last very long even on a regular sized yard. The charger also kept saying battery too warm even when it wasn't warm. Also didn't find the auto feed helpful. Lastly, very weak power. I returned mine and went and bought a Craftsman 4 cycle gas weedwhacker with electric start(no mixing of oil and gas, electric start so no pulling, starts right up, awesome power, and has a simple no hazzle weed cord that only takes ten seconds to change out and so far have weed eated entire yard and haven't had to change the weed cord yet. Anyway, I don't usually recommend other products in my reviews but in this case I did because I don't think any other brand of gas weedeaters have this electric start and no oil mixing except for the Craftsman 4 cycle weedwhacker. Craftsman gas is alittle heavier but buy a $10 shoulder strap on you will be fine. My arms are less tired using the gas craftsman and took one fifth the amount of time and energy than we I used the toro electric. Didn't like it at all.
I was quite excited about it at first when this bird waterer first came out. Unfortuatly, it doesn't work too well. First, the device should come with an axilliary hook for hanging it. If you have a rigid pole with a firm hook at its end, it would be much more convenient to hang this had it came with a hook to go between the waterer and the pole. That way you can hang it without turning it sideway to fit it onto the pole. The device is not too attractive and looks just like what it is, an ugly plastic jug. The dish on the bottom surrounding the water container is too narrow for birds to have enough of a ledge to land on and to stand up in order to start drinking. The space is just too tight for anything but the smallest of birds. Lastly, water does not run out of the jug nicely to fill the dish on the bottom unless aided by a little shaking which is an absurdly inconvenient thing to have to do. This device has too many problems to work well. Many Problems.
PLEASE NOTE ADDITION TO REVIEW BELOW. I *love* this hummingbird feeder!!! I have two others, both your standard cheap feeder that is so difficult to fill because of a small opening, and once filled, you have to flip it upside down and it notoriously drips across my deck, inviting ants to the sugar syrup. This Perky-Pet 24 ounce Glass feeder, however, fills from a VERY large top opening! It also has an "ant moat" on the top which you can fill with water so your feeder isn't crawling with sugar-seeking ants. What a great idea! Another plus is that this feeder holds a full 24 ounces of food, while the smaller cheaper units hold only 8 ounces. My birds will be so happy! Just an FYI. Do you know you can make your own hummingbird food for your feeder? You don't need to buy the expensive packets that include red food coloring, which the birds don't need. Simply boil 4 cups of water in a pan, add 1 cup of sugar, stir until sugar is dissolved, and boil gently for 2 more minutes. Let it cool and put in your feeder. My birds love this food and there is no reason to have to add any red coloring. I highly, highly recommend this Perky-Pet Hummingbird Feeder. Another FYI. When you take the feeder out of the box, you'll think it comes with no hook to hang it with, but look under the top lid and you'll find it. My hummingbirds are so happy! ADDED 08/10/13: I return to revise this review. After 2 weeks of using the hummingbird feeder, it started to leak around the base near the flower feeders. This base comes apart for cleaning, but there is no gasket of any kind to create a water tight seal. Once I took it apart to clean, it never sealed properly again. My husband even used an epoxy glue around the base in an effort to seal it, but that didn't work. I ended up having to throw the feeder away!!! So fair warning -- this feeder looks good, has great potential, but since it won't hold the liquid for more than 24 hours it's actually quite useless. Revising review. Not as good as I originally thought.
This is a revision of a previously posted review. I had to bump my rating down to 1 star. We very occasionally get hummingbirds in our yard, and I do have a feeder, as well as "hummingbird-friendly" plants. Because people in the area have been seeing more of these winged jewels, and because the rufous hummingbird is said to be expanding its range into the Midwest, I am trying to do everything possible to lure these little beauties into our yard. Perky Pet makes bird feeders that are reliable (based on my previous Amazon Vine selections), so when this came up on the catalog, I requested it right away. (Also, our local bird authorities at Wild Bird store highly rate the brand on many levels. )It's an attractive item. The red should draw in the hummingbirds, and the feeding ports are soft rubber flowers that appear very accessible to the bird. There's an ant moat at the top of the feeder, a little trough that you fill with water to drown invading ants, and so keep the bird stations clear of insects. Assembly for filling, and cleaning, is simple. The feeder is fairly large. Because Chicago gets few hummingbirds compared to other parts of the country, a full feeder would last a year even if you have a steady stream of visitors. If you live in Texas and your garden is the center of hummingbird activity in your area, maybe that's practical. But a 24 oz feeder is a little too big. The temptation to fill it up and then wait until it's half empty means that stale nectar will just sit in the feeder, attracting nothing besides suicidal ants. Initially I thought there was no hanger included. Then another reviewer (see below) pointed out to me that the hanger is taped inside the lid… which I had not noticed, even though I had to remove the lid to fill the hanger. So I went out to check, and sure enough, there it was---but it's really inadequate. It's just a little S-hanger, like you get with your dog's rabies tag. So, we still had to make one. We used one of those fake caribiners. The other Perky Pet feeders we received did have hangers attached. We've had it up for a few months now, and have yet to see a hummingbird. That's okay, because I know they're in the area. I think they'll discover our yard next year when our various trumpet vines mature and we get a jump on the season. But they won't be coming for this particular feeder… we had to throw it out. The seam where the glass meets the base started leaking. We considered attempting a repair with epoxy, but I don't know if that would have introduced toxins into the materials. So we cut our losses and removed the feeder entirely. We still have another feeder out there, and we'll probably replace the Perky Pet with another feeder similar to the one that has remained intact. Ho-hum.
 Safety switch failed within 2 hours.
As we move away from rat bat poison feeding stations (to save wildlife that eats the dead rats and then dies because of the poison in them, and to prevent rats from dying in your walls and stinking to high heaven) this is an option I considered. Well, let me tell you, this thing did catch a rat quickly but I frankly don't even want to type what I found the next day when I found the rat on this glue pad. It was something out of a horror movie and I felt so bad that I inflicted that kind of suffering on any creature, even a rat (and I HATE HATE HATE RATS!!! HATE!!! ). So, I'm switching back to snap traps, which kill the rats instantly (in most cases). Sorry, I can't recommend these. No thank you, I prefer snap traps… don't want to deal with a rat squirming on this thing!
I would love to build one life-size and stick the inventor on one of these things. Any animal, target species or not, will die a slow, cruel death, often breaking every bone in its body trying to free itself from this monstrous device. When used outdoors owls have gotten trapped in those damn things when they tried to grab a perceived easy prey item. We are trying hard to get these horrible traps banned from markets, so please help spread the word. You would not want your kids or pets to get stuck on these things, so why would any decent human being want to torture wildlife? There are more humane methods to kill rats, this is absolutely, most definitely, the worst possible choice! PLEASE DO NOT BUY SUCH TORTURE PRODUCTS!!!!
I'd rather chase the varmints away than kill them, but this isn't the product that works, not for me anyway. I guess that's why it's been discontinued. Sorry, this just doesn't do anything for me.
There has been relatively significant traffic of moles under the soil in my yard. I have tried a wide variety of repellants, traps, and poisons for moles, but not all of them have worked, but this one did not work well. I spread them over the mounds where moles were most active, but still this product was ineffective in decreasing the mole activity. Does not work.
This repellent doesn't seem to work at all. We'd recommend using spikes instead because this product did nothing to keep them out of our yard. Didn't work. I'd recommend you use spikes instead.
I think the spike trap method works a lot better than this one. I don't like hurting moles though since they are good for the environment if not our lawns and gardens. No positive effects noted. More humane, less effective.
One side of my house is a favorite gathering place for burrowing animals. I hooked up this smelly gunk to a hose and every day I sprayed the entire area of the house where the holes are located until the container was empty. The result? More holes. It is easy to understand why the manufacturer discontinued this product. The only thing it provides is a stinky odor. The forecast is for thunderstorms which will take care of the odor. Win some, lose some. This one is a loser. Worthless.
Did not work. We have a groundhog that lives under our deck. He is very active and comes in and out through a hole in a corner of the desk. He has a back door hole another 100 feet away. I followed the instructions and provided a heavy application, especially around (and in) the two holes. 12 hours later, the groundhog was happily going in and out of the same two holes. I actually hooked this up to the hose while he was out sunning himself on the lawn. I sprayed him directly. He didn't seem to care and went back to chomping the grass in the same spot I sprayed. At the end of my application, there was still a bit of product left in the bottle. So, I dumped it fully concentrated down the hole. No effect whatsoever. The listing says it was discontinued. I'm not sure sure why, specifically. But this does not work on my groundhog. Did not work.
I had hopes for it, being the type of guy that would rather chase the critters away than kill them. But after several tries, I had no success. Sorry, it doesn't have any effect for me.
There has been relatively significant traffic of moles under the soil in my yard. I have tried a wide variety of repellants, traps, and poisons for moles, but not all of them have worked, but this one did not work well. I am not sure if the product was too diluted or it simply did not work. If this product is good, then why is it that the manufacturer discontinued this product? Did not work for me.
This is over $200 and I'd say it's worth, maybe $49 to $79. Even then, I'd look for a better product in any price range. It was easy enough to put together, even for me, but when I put it on it's feet it was so not substantial. It reminds me of these super cheap bar stools we got once… no one ever sat in them because they just felt cheap and wobbly. When I read that I could not use this on my deck, I was even more disappointed. You have to drag it out into the yard to use it, where I already have a nice, sturdy, rock fire pit. In the grass it was a little less tippy, but all-in-all I'd pass on this one. I had one fire in it and kept the hose very close-by in case it just crashed to the ground. I am going to let it air out a bit and use it on my deck, filling it with flowers. Yeesh, this thing is so flimsy!
Over this winter I've been getting small field mice in my garage looking for a warm place to stay. I've been placing several plastic classic-type (trigger snaps a lid closed on mouse) traps that have worked very well. When I was offered this I was excited to try one that could collect multiple mice. I am very disappointed. It's unclear how this even works to trap the mice (I guess I'll find out if it ever works) as it sits on the floor and the underneath is hollow. I placed this in the same space as the plastic traps and the plastic traps are still collecting mice and this one sits unused. I'll update this if I ever catch a mouse with this. Until then I'll stick with the classic snap closed type of traps. UPDATE: after nearly a week in the garden shed where I know mice are active at times I still haven't caught anything. (Still) Doesn't Work.
This grill is new for 2013 and it was very easy to assemble. All the parts were in the box and there wasn't any damage. I cooked chicken and steak on it the first night and it worked Okay. I bought a aftermarket grill 2 years ago and it leaked grease all over my deck plus it didn't cook evenly and had hot and cold spots so I went back to a Weber because we could afford it this year. My last Weber lasted 10 years and I can't imagine why this one wouldn't do the same. The Stainless is heavy duty and I like that the propane tank is hidden behind the door and out of site. The small foot print is a plus but not the reason I bought the grill it's simply because there are only two of use now and serves our purpose. Update 5/18/13 I have cooked several times and the grill is not heating very well. The cross over tube flame is red not blue and cooking times have decreased. I called Weber and there going to send a new burner and we will see if it solved the problem. I will update when I replace the parts. Update 5/26/2013 I have installed the new burner tubes and had a party this weekend and it took over one hour to cook thin burgers. This is the worst grill I have ever owned. Weber is sending a rep to see if it can be fixed but at this point I just want them to do the right thing and take it back before the summer is over. Update 5/28/2013 Lowe's has a 90 day return policy so I took it back and ordered a Genesis S-310 three burner with 38,000 BTU. I have to wait two weeks for the order so I hope it's worth it. Weber S-210 Worst Grill I Ever Owned.
This is my second Weber purchase (Genesis was the first). Based on the Consumer Reports review I purchased this blindly. It is a low end version of the Genesis. The major bummer was that it came with dents in just about every part of the grill. It was especially bad in the hood where it was very visible. I wished I had purchased it locally so that I could return it. After the grill was out of the box and spread out on my deck the "genie was out of the bottle" and I put it together. Lastly, it is smaller than most three burner grills. With a family of 5 and the need to grill pizza, it has a small surface size that we could have worked with but not the size I expected. It was very easy to put together if you are worried about that. It took about 2 hours. My last review, I gave my Genesis 5 stars… Would definitely not buy Spirit again. It had many dents and is flimsy.
I like the way new Weber kettle grills cook. Unfortunately, the long term durability is poor. The grates are cheap, the porcelin finish on both my grills was flawed and cracked, and corrosion and rust take this grill to the curbside prematurely.. For the money, you are better off to buy a $50 Charbroil grill. I live on the coast and my Webers rusted straight away. I bought a Stok grill for less than the cost of the TOL Weber and so far, no rust or corrosion… plus I have cast Iron grates instead of the caot hanger style grates that come with the Weber. The Stok also comes with other handy accessories like a charcoal starter that lets you avoid charcoal lighter fluid entirely. Follow up: My Weber grills took a beating due to inadequate packaging systems. This likely contributed to damage of the handle attachment points and the corrosion that was able to exploit the damaged areas. The marine environment I live in can be harsh on any metal that is not protected. Poor value, Poor Corrosion Resistance.
Deer have eaten my wife's favorite plants. Squirrels are one of the slyest creatures on earth and keeping them away from the bird food is quite a challenge. A beautiful red fox visits on occassion but I am not sure for what purpose. Anyway, when presented with the opportunity to get this alleged pest deterrent it was an offer I coud not refuse. My wife would be happy, my dog would bark less and life would be better. Read the manual and went out to the front yard to give this a go. Could not get it to work. Water leaked out of various parts of the unit but none out of the sprinkler part where it is intended to spray. There are more knobs, dials and wheels to turn then would be in the cockpit of a 747 airplane. I tried turnng them all but to no avail as far as water out of the sprinkler part. The base part that is inserted into the ground is made of metal and is easily set in the ground. That is the only part that worked for me. This takes 4 AA batteries and there appears to be a light in the portion that holds the battery pack. I could not make it light up. This has been a total failure in every respect including yours truly. There is a sheet that is 11" x 17" that contains usage instructions. I read it from end to end at least 4 or 5 more times but could get nothing to work. I noticed that there are three other reviews and they are all satisfied with this product and it apparently works for them. That leads me to conclude that either I have a defective unit or I am missing the big picture. In either case, I am through with this gadget and into recycle it goes. I have changed my attitude as a result of this hassle. Pests, especially squirrels, deer and fox are now welcomed to my yard and can stay as long as they wish to do so. Junk.
I have tried them all and this design just doesn't cut the mustard. I have recently moved to grill stones that work a lots better. This brush is built better than others I've tried but they just don't do a great job. I hate wire brushes.
This stuff does not work at all. It did not deter squirrels, raccoons, gophers, or groundhogs--not one iota. The bottle spray mechanism does not work well either--when used the product gets all over your hands and, while the smell is not awful, it is not at all pleasant either. Don't waste your money. Does not work.
I followed the directions, connecting this to a hose, turning the water on, and so on. I eased the white cap from the closed position to the open position, sprayed one side of my garden shed, then moved it back to closed while i walked around to the other side of the shed. As i slid the white cap back to open, water started spraying everywhere - all over the ground and all over me. I tried to turn it back to the closed position, but the white cap blew off instead. I'll probably never know if this works, since i wasn't able to apply it according to the directions except in one small area. And unless you like having stinky rodent repellant all over you, i suggest you not use this product in this style of container. Cap blew off during first use.
I have a wonderful cat who has a single flaw. She loves to dig in my indoor potted plants & loves to remove flowers from my flower arrangements. I thought Ortho Ready to Use Dog & Cat B-Gon would be my answer. It was not. It didn't faze my little furball. No matter how heavy I sprayed the Ortho, furball failed to realize the (supposed) odor was to deter her mission of destroying my plants/flowers. The Ortho doesn't work. At least it doesn't work on my domestic shorthair (no specific breed). Ugh. Back to mothbolls. Does Not Deter My Cat At All. Not Even For a Split Second.
I had high hopes for this dog and cat repellent as a deterrent to keep my two Australian shepherds, especially the younger female, from digging out from under the chain link fence that encloses them in the back yard and to protect rose bushes and crepe myrtle plants from their ravages. I sprayed it liberally around the plants and around the perimeter of the yard, but the dogs never seemed to notice it. This may work fine for some dogs and cats, but it was a failure with mine. No effect on my dogs.
This spray smells like geranium flower. It doesn't stop animals to wonder in my yard. I constantly see squirrels and rabits which I like, but don't like neighbours' dog and other random walking dogs peeing and pooping in this 1 spot in a front loan. So I sprayed like a half bottle in my front loan, especially &#34;the spot&#34;. Took my dog for a walk and first thing he did- run over there and pee. Later that day- neighbour's dog in my yard. This product is useless. Joke.
This Rumford Gardener Expanding Hose weighs merely one pound and folds to a small 8 x 12 inch bundle when dry - all 75 feet of it. These are probably the most attractive features of this hose. However, there is an exceptionally large number of complaints regarding its very short product life - that it either leaked or exploded after a few uses. I have the suspicion that high water pressure at the users' locations might be the culprit. To monitor the water pressure at my residence while I was using the hose, I installed a Y-connector at the hose bibb and screwed on a water pressure gauge on one branch and this hose on the other. Then I screwed on a spray nozzle at the male end of the hose. The water pressure at my location was remarkably consistent at 70 psi (pounds per square inch) day after day. I used this hose with the full water on for 1 to 1-1/2 hours every day. Its performance is comparable to my heavy-duty 5/8" hose. In addition, it is light and easy to maneuver. The hose expanded to its full length when I turned on the water and retracted to a small bundle when the water was turned off and the hose drained. It had almost been a week and the hose did NOT leak or explode. Based on my experience, I award this hose five stars, subject to change as I continue to monitor the performance of this hose. Moderate water pressure, say at 70 psi, may be the best assurance of a long product life. A user with very high water pressure may consider installing a pressure-reducing valve at the hose bibb. It is also a good practice to drain the hose and keep it out of the sun when not in use. I did that for all my hoses. Curiously, I had not been able to ascertain the maximum pressure limit of this hose. There wasn't any instruction with the hose. I googled the Web and drew a blank. Update on 11/1/13: After 3 months of very light use, the hose broke at multiple places. A product life of three months on very light uses is far too short. I am down-grading this hose from 5 to 1-Star. Don't waste your money. Broke in multiple places in three months on very light use.
At first it looks like a good idea. In practice it ain't so great. Cheap plastic fittings on the ends that leaked from the first time I tried to use it. It's pointless to try to use for watering your yard since it is only at its full length when it has pressure in it. So the only thing its good for is watering while holding it or for washing your car. And that's only for as long as the fittings hold up, which isn't very long. It's definitely not worth the $49. 95 they are charging for it. After using it I wouldn't pay $2. 00 for one. Not worth bringing home.
I was so excited to receive this product! I hate having to tug a hose around the yard. I got it hooked up and turned it on, it does expand, but there is no water pressure, I am so disappointed. The Rumford Gardener 50' Expanding Hose.
After seeing similar hoses on TV, I was excited to try this out. It arrived in a box weighing little so I thought that was a plus. Hooked it up and tested it out and worked okay. The nozzle fittings are pretty flimsy/cheap and I didn't expect it to hold up long. My expectations were sadly met. The third time I used the hose it sprang a leak. Need I say more? Good idea but not well executed. Cannot recommend. One star for the short time it worked.
Despite the bad reviews, I had hoped deep down inside this would be a winner. Having been on the fence for a while to try this product, I jumped at the chance to test it. First off, it's extremely light; a huge plus if you happen to currently own & use a Craftsman Rubber Garden Hose OR similar. This one was to replace a 25' hose that just didn't reach far enough, and a 50' would be too much to coil up in the desired area. I first tested this out in my neighbors garden, whose garden I watered while they were away, and their hose was just to short. The initial test went pretty good; I had plenty of hose to go around where I needed to go. It didn't have the umph of a good water stream, but was good enough to get the job done. The only problem was when I went to disconnect the hose, I saw that it was leaking at the fitting, something that it hadn't done on the initial connection or right after I used it. It could be the cheap plastic connectors. For the record, their water pressure isn't that good. I moved it over to my yard. I have a higher water pressure. It was an absolute joy to use for 2 weeks, no leakage, perfect length, soooooooo easy to move around the yard. It made watering the garden not so hard. I made sure to switch the water off after every use and drain the hose of any and all leftover water. While out watering one day, just as I was about to recommend this to my neighbor that had been considering buying one, a hole blew in the center of the hose, and sadly it's off to the landfill. I would gladly pay good money for a product like this if it were well made & durable, and unfortunately, this one didn't cut it. Great idea with poor execution.
most of the positive reviews are from when people first got this. If they just waited a month or so and the reviwed it there would be little 4 or 5 star reviews. Got one for my mom, I warned her they are junk but my sister had one who swore by it. Well not my sister swears at it. After about a month they start leaking all over the place, mainly at the connector. Cheap plastic. Returned it to the store and there were two other people in line returning theirs and the clerk pointed toward the back as the stack of all of the returned hoses. junk all the way. crap.
Considering that the majority of reviewers hate this product, I figured it might not last long when I put a nozzle on it and screwed it onto my driveway spigot to give my motorcycle a wash. It did that creepy snakelike expansion thing when I turned the water on and, as expected, was long and light handling as I walked around the bike wetting it down. I gave the bike a good soaping and was almost done with that process when I heard a "pop" and saw the hose had blown out a seam about 10 feet back from the nozzle. It didn't even last long enough for me to rinse my bike. So I hooked up my cumbersome (but indestructible) old school heavy-duty Walmart hose and finished the job. The Rumford Gardener Expanding Hose went into the trash can. The Chinese must find the thought of thousands of us cursing their workmanship to be highly amusing. I am not amused. It didn't last 10 minutes.
This brand name of this product is Garden Safe, and labeled as a rooting hormone to promote growth of plant clippings, so I grabbed it feeling confident that it is a safe product. However, after reading the inner label and the multitude of warnings, I am not confident about using the product at all. Gardening / &#8220;Garden Safe&#8221;/ must wear protective eye gear &#8211; these do not all belong in the same sentence. I then did some internet research and the EPA labels the active ingredient in this product as a pesticide as well as growth hormone, and states when used in low doses the resulting toxicity risk is correspondingly low&#8230;. No thanks, I will stick to the old fashioned method of clipping, putting the clipping in water or soil as indicated for that plant species, and add a little organic fertilizer for nutrition. I know even organic fertilizers come with a warning against inhaling, and organic soils come with a warning label to wear gloves when handling, but I feel this rooting hormone product is a bit too toxic to justify the need to use it over traditional methods. And I certainly would not use it on food plantings! Not Safe Enough for Me.
Garden Safe? I think not! This little canister has so many warnings on it - don't get on skin or clothing, don't get in eyes, don't breathe in or ingest. Ok, so are common sense, but the get on skin or clothing part makes me wonder, especially when the directions say &#34;Take off contaminated clothing. Rinse skin immediately with plenty of water for 15-20 minutes. &#34; There is also a warning that says if the person who had inhaled the hormone is not breathing call 9-1-1 or an ambulance and then to start artificial respiration preferably by mouth if possible. WHAT?!!! Then there's the hazard to humans and animal warning on the label as well as a water warning. This sounds like some SCARY stuff! Why would I want to use something so dangerous to the environment? Garden Safe sounds like something that would be friendly, but not in MY garden or around MY children and animals!! MANY WARNINGS on label!!
Since I was a child, mosquitoes have always liked me. If there is a mosquito around, it will beeline to me. Not only that, but I have a slight allergy that makes the bites burn for days. Epsom salt baths help control it and heal them, but I try to avoid mosquitoes whenever possible. I've had very good luck withCutter Dry Insect Repellent, 4-Ouncewhile outdoors, and I had hoped that the Cutter Mosquito Repellent Lantern would be just as effective. I set it up for a hamburger cookout on my patio with friends last weekend and am disappointed to report that it did not seem to inhibit the mosquitoes at all. I was eaten alive while the lantern sat just a few feet away from me on the patio. We found it so ineffectual that we thought perhaps it wasn't on, so we checked it to make sure and found it was certainly on. When it grew dark later, the light was visible - it was not so before dusk. I'll stick with Cutter's dry bug spray for now. I had high hopes for the lantern, but it just didn't help at all. Completely ineffectual.
We waited until there were a lot of mosquitoes out to test this product. While it is easy to assemble, this is actually not a true repellent. The box even explains that this is suppose to mask you from the mosquito so it covers up your scent. If you're just using this lantern and nothing else, you will be disappointed. We were standing just 3 feet away from it (and it is suppose to cover up to 64 square feet) and made sure the wind was blowing it in our direction so that it's suppose to mask us. Within 10 minutes, my husband had 5 mosquito bites and I had 6. The mosquitoes swarmed around us regardless and could pick us out no problem, even when we were just sitting still and not moving. I was definitely disappointed with this as it did not work and no way would we put our baby outside with this since it does not work. The only upside is that it is pretty cute and blends in with the courtyard. Does not work. It is not a true repellent.
QUICK SUMMARY: Don't bother with this item. It just doesn't work (I live in Florida). Or, if it does work, it doesn't work well enough so you can enjoy the outdoors during the time of day when mosquitos are pesky. Not recommended! BACKGROUND: I live in Florida. There are about 80 species of mosquitoes in Florida, about 30 of which cause problems for humans (search: "University of Florida mosquitoes of Florida"). I selected this items because mosquitos right now (June) are very bad, especially during Florida's raining season, and most especially during dusk and dawn. I have a pooled deck backyard, so I used this lantern twice: once at dusk, once at dawn. Both times the wind was non-existent, and both times I got chowed. Get this: I even placed this lantern on the deck, inches from between my feet, and STILL my feet and legs were getting chowed! I watched one mosquito fly past my chest, down to my right leg, and onto my right foot, which was less than 12 inches from this lantern. This "Backyard Bug Control" fails miserably in controlling mosquitos in one's backyard - at least the mosquito species that live where I live. When I positioned the lantern on a patio table inches from where I was sitting, I still got chowed on my arms, feet and legs. WHAT I LIKED:- The unit came with a set of batteries and one scent cartridge- The fan was very quietWHAT I DISLIKED:- The scent cartridge was surprisingly and frustratingly hard to open up- The on/off switch requires using two hands to slide the switch to the on or off position- The LED lights appear to have no useful function other than to indicate that the fan is turned on. They're too dim to create any kind of ambient light. WHAT I HATED:- Even with this lantern inches from my upper torso or from my feet, I got chowed by mosquitos; it just doesn't work, at least not where I live (Florida)CONCLUSION: Buy this only if you like feeding nature… with your body. The mosquitos will love this - you won't.
No instructions came with this bird feeder (I don&#8217;t know if that&#8217;s the norm), so I attempted to figure it out on my own. The top didn&#8217;t screw off like my other feeders, so I eventually removed the spring/wire thing that was holding the bottom in place, since that appeared to be the only other logical way to get seed into the feeder. I was able to pull the perch and hoods out of the way to pour the seed in, but I didn&#8217;t get very far. Once the level of the seed reached the feeder openings, bird seed was spilling out the sides. Then when I tried to put the bottom back, the spring/wire bent inward and lost its &#8220;spring&#8221; so it would not expand again to fill the slots that would cause it to hold the bottom in place. I gave up and transferred the seed to my other bird feeders. After this ordeal, I came to the product page to leave a review and saw that there was something that looked like instructions there. It's a diagram with a lot of numbers but no explanation as to what the numbers correspond to. So even if I hadn't just broken my feeder, I still wouldn't understand how to fill it. This may be squirrel-proof, because the perch hoods should keep the squirrels from being able to hang down and get into the feeder openings, and the perches are not wide enough for a squirrel to hang onto. Squirrels are pretty clever, though, so I can&#8217;t say for sure. And of course, I can&#8217;t test it, because my feeder is broken. Not impressed &#8211; couldn&#8217;t set it up.
With a list price of $27. 95 I would say do not waste your money on this Seed Bunker wild bird feeder by Perky-Pet. I came to acquire one through the Amazon Vine program in exchange for my honest review of it and my best advice to those of you who, like me, enjoy feeding the wild birds, get yourself a Brome Bird Care feeder instead. Bromes are expensive and usually priced twice as much as a Perky-Pet but they are truly squirrel-proof bird feeders which are built to last and carry a two-year warranty. Plus they will pay for themselves in what you save in seed that those hungry squirrels cannot access. I highly recommend theBrome 1015 Squirrel Buster Classicover this Perky-Pet 740. So, just what is so wrong with the Perky-Pet 740? 1. It took the squirrels in my back yard exactly 5 minutes to figure out that the cover lid does not lock. The lid does not snap or screw closed and easily enables the squirrels their better purchase on the feeder, allowing them to tilt the feeder and make the seed spill out through the feeding ports and onto the ground for easy feasting. 2. While very attractive to the squirrels, birds have absolutely no interest in this feeder. I wonder if the perches might not be inviting to most birds. 3. The transparent seed tube is made of the flimsiest of plastic. It screams "cheap-cheap". 4. The plastic seed tube traps heat and moisture causing the seed to dampen and decay. This is a real problem in my Florida climate. The spoiled seed decreases bird traffic at the feeder and also spreads disease. This is why Perky-Pet advises that you to thoroughly clean your bird feeder in soapy water every two weeks. What the Perky-Pet 740 Seed Bunker does have going for it and why I give it 2-stars rather than 1 is that it is not really a bad-looking feeder. It holds about 2 quarts of seed and the outer tube, perches, perch hood and lid are made of metal with what the manufacturer says is a "special powder" coating to protect the feeder in most weather. I do wonder if that "special powder" coating might be toxic especially because the feeder is made in China. Perky-Pet also claims that the outer metal tube provides maximum durability against squirrels. It doesn't claim to be squirrel-proof and it definitely is not. If you really are interested in a beautiful, squirrel-proof bird feeder that attracts a great variety of wild birds, I once again recommend the Brome Squirrel Buster feeder that I mentioned above. The Bromes truly do provide maximum durability against squirrels and are of superior quality. ADDENDUM of February 28, 2014I have down rated my evaluation of this bird feeder to 1 star. Today I had to remove this Perky-Pet bird feeder to the trash when the squirrels broke through the flimsy plastic seed tube. The squirrels had quickly learned to access the seed by easily clawing and biting through the plastic tube by way of the viewing windows. Even though the birds never used the perches, the squirrels found the perches and the perch hoods a convenient way to hang onto the feeder while they worked their way through the plastic tube. Don't waste your money on this wild bird feeder.
What can I say about the perky pet 740 Seed Bunker? It is poor on so many levels. Squirrels can get into it in a hurry because they are smart and because it is so poorly designed. The plastic used is very thin so they can get thru it. It is hard to fill , holds very little and the birds don't even like it! It is totally worthless!! I hung it by my other feeder and I had one bird land on it. I don't know what it is, but I have several feeders and this one they bypass. I use the same birdseed in all of them. This will be heading to the trash, Not Good!!
As most other reviewers have already pointed out this Wild Bird feeder is not designed properly. Perky-Pet did plan on making a super strong squirrel proof bird feeder based on the tubular design but failed to execute it properly due to:1. The plastic see-through portion of the seed tube is very flimsy. Squirrels can easily push or chew thru' this portion of the bird feeder and once that happens you will have to throw this bird feeder away. 2. Filling bird seed is impossible without spilling seeds everywhere. I did not see any manual or instruction how to fill the tube other than removing the spring loaded clamp and removing the bottom circular plate. The top housing does not come apart for easy filling. Big messy problem can happen if someone were to remove the bottom circular plate. 3. It does not breathe easily and thereby moisture builds up inside and the seeds start to germinate inside loosing the smell and flavor thereby birds do not come that often. I am glad I did not have to pay for this poorly designed contraption. Having said, Perky Pet does make other good bird feeders that I liked and one of them beingPerky-Pet 325S Panorama Bird FeederThis one is a big hit with birds of all kinds in our backyard and is way cheaper to own compared to this model. Happy Bird watching! Very poor design!
This feeder came poorly packed, hence instead of arriving full assembled, it was in several pieces. No directions were included, so I did the best I could in getting it together. The bottom plate easily tipped, so that seeds do not stay in the feeder. And I was unable to secure that plate. The top does not snap or lock closed, so easily comes off. The metal is heavy duty, and so is the hanger, but I can't recommend this item. not a good feeder.
Our back yard is overrun with squirrels. One way or another, the furry little beasts manage to steal bird feed from every feeder we have. I was skeptical about the functionality of this feeder but decided to give it a shot. Well, this thing didn't even make it out of the starting gate, it arrived badly broken, bent and shattered. The packaging was market "Fragile" and the box showed no signs of damage so this thing is either incredibly delicate or they just pitched it in the box and broke it before it left the factory. Ridiculous in any event! I am interested in seeing what those who were sent a functioning feeder have to say about it. My squirrels would likely tear the filmsy thing apart. Not Recommended. All together now: "What a Piece of Junk! ".
I am a Droll Yankee bird feeder fan. I have had their feeders mauled by bears and with a little TLC, have come back for more. The Perky-Pet 5141-2 arrived today in a box that wasn't dented or damaged in any way. When I opened it, the feeder inside was in three pieces. The feeder was "packed" with three small air-filled cushions in a huge box so it rolled around freely and experienced every shock that is the normal part of shipping. I thought about just sending it back and not doing a review until it was replaced, but I decided that the best way to support fellow Amazon customers is to give a realistic impression of both the product and how likely it is to arrive in a hassle-free, undamaged manner. So, here are the facts: The feeder was packed without consideration for how it might be handled in transit. The cover over the feeder's ports was cracked - most probably from poor packing and / or poor quality construction. The barrel that holds the seed was glued poorly to the heavy metal, spring-loaded base - I counted only 2 spots where there seemed to be evidence of plastic cement, barely covering 30 to 40% of the contact surface. When I thought I could re-glue the pieces together, I discovered that the parts didn't seat together well enough to do that. (Actually the parts didn't seat together at all. )My wife, ever the optimist, said, "it makes me wonder how long this thing would have held up if it was getting banged around by a determined squirrel (are there any other kinds? ). The kind of question I suppose you are asking yourself now… Bottom line - poor packaging, shoddy construction, broken on arrival. Not recommended. Poorly constructed and poorly packed and shipped - arrived broken.
I put this near my other feeder, also a Perky Pet product, that has been attracting birds (and squirrels) forever. Larger birds like Cardinals couldn't get decent footing on the smaller feeder so I looked forward to getting more birds and having to refill seed less often with this bigger one. Instead, the birds mostly vanished. Even the squirrels, which I had taken to bribing with critter feed to try to keep them off the original feeder, vanished. My lone bunny rabbit, who also liked the critter food, vanished as well. That's a real shame because my dogs could see him out the window and were absolutely fascinated by him. (No, they live inside a fence and did not get out and eat the bunny. ) This wasn't a tapering off; the new feeder went up and the critters went away just like that. After a few days of scratching my head I read some of these other reviews about removing the plastic dome and did so. I also tightened the tension on the perch in case birds found the springiness disconcerting. A few birds returned and a very small number briefly tried this new feeder. but what used to be a daily show was gone. So I completely removed the new feeder a couple of days ago. Birds and squirrels are ever so slowly starting to return to the old feeder and the squirrel bribes I spread on the ground around the area. It doesn't make sense to blame the feeder, but that's the only variable in the equation. I will try it out again once the wildlife comes back and update this. Very weird - it seems to chase birds and critters away.
It's High Feeding Time in my acre garden, as the Goldfinch babies are all fledged and Mama & Papa are busy feeding their youngin's. Up to 30 pairs of goldfinches are feeding their broods and space at my 3 dedicated goldfinch feeders is crowded to the max. I was therefore quite happy and excited to receive this feeder through amazon Vine and give it a try. Two Words: EPIC. FAIL. Like the abysmal failure of a waterer that I tried and reviewed, The Perkey-Pet Waterer Cooler, you have to scratch your head and wonder if the manufacturer's of these products actually TRY THESE OUT ON WILD BIRDS!!!! I had my feeder up and filled with premium hulled sunflower seeds for three days and exactly TWO goldfinches visited the feeder as opposed to the 100+ that visit the other three feeders with the same seed product. Here are the multiple design flaws:1) As the other reviewer mentioned, for small birds such as finches and sparrow, they can't reach the ONE row of seed ports from the lower perch and because of the almost 45 degree angle slope downward of the perch circle, once they hop up to the upper portion of the perch, they have to twist their body sideways to reach the seed port. HOW utterly AWKWARD for the poor birdies! 2) Since large birds have 0% chance of using this feeder and the weight mechanism is SO sensitive, I had to actually screw the weight to it's tighest setting so the birds that DID try, could actually hop up to the upper feeding ring; when they were on the lower ring, once they tried to get UP, the port closed. Tightening the locking mechanism so it doesn't move completely defeats the purpose of this feeder. 3) Almost every bird that I encounter approaches feeders from UP ABOVE the feeder, as they fly into the surrounding trees and shubs, make sure the area is clear and free of predators, and then they hop from branch to branch to get to the feeder perches. As far as birds can tell, from the EXCESSIVELY LOW POSITIONED CLEAR DOME of this feeder, they have NO ANGLE OF APPROACH from above… the dome masks the one ring of feeder ports. The two Goldfinches that I mentioned that actually used this feeder got pushed off of the nearest Droll Yankee feeder that is 3' from this one, and landed accidently onto the now locked feeder circle. They did stay there and eat, but did NOT return when given a chance. 4) WASTE! WASTE! WASTE!!! My birdseed for goldfinches costs me $32. 00/bag for 25#'s of premium hulled sunflower seeds! There is absolutely NO LIP whatsoever or seed catching tray on this device so when a bird pulls a seed out to eat, more seeds naturally follow suite. Now, this is normally NOT a problem with any other feeder as there is usually a slight edge to prevent seeds from falling/being pulled or there is a catch seed basin for pulled seeds to collect into, and the birds actually eat from that. Not with THIS device! No seed tray, no lip, so at the end of three days, I had over 3 cups of premium seed laying on the woodland floor, which made the raccoons and possums quite happy!!! Honestly, there are SO many design flaws with this feeder, that I'd go back to R & D and fire the whole lot of them! They need to have an adjustable dome or one that is higher so it doesn't obstruct flight to the perches; you need to have a lip to prevent seeds from tumbling out; and you need to have the perches at a less acute angle to the feeder so birds can actually maneuver their body to get the seeds. For the cost of this feeder, you'd be better off going to Walmart and buying a $10 buck tube feeder with normal 2" perches so you can feed the birds you love. Back To The Drawing Board on THIS one!
There is no way to attach the body to the base. No screwing threads, no clamps, nothing. It is completely useless, as it cannot be put together. Save your money! Worse Than Junk.
I was so excited to receive this hummingbird feeder. It holds a generous amount of water, the bottle is so attractive, and it easily comes apart for cleaning. However, the birds do not drink from it, at all. After a week of no interest from the birds, we put the nectar from this bottle into another one of our feeders that the hummers drink from all the time, and they wouldn't drink it from that bottle either. I have to agree with other reviewers that there is something about the galvanized bottom of this feeder that repels the hummingbirds. Very sadly, we threw out this feeder. It's no good at all. sooo disappointing.
I've had this hummingbird feeder in my backyard for a few weeks now and have not seen any hummingbirds - though I have seen them at another feeder 2 miles away. I notice that there is no red coloring to the feeder whatsoever and have to wonder if that may be partly to blame for the lack of interest. I intend to continue to keep it clean, replace the food regularly, and keep an overall eye on it for weeks to come. If there is no interest after that I may abandon it in favor of another feeder with red on it. I'll update this review if there is any change. More time is needed to see how this will perform long term. I also am unsure about the size of the feeder. I don't fill it all the way up with food because it would be a waste. Previous feeders I've had are much smaller and lighter weight. I've had to put this feeder on a heavy iron post in order to hold it. A small branch will not do. Perky-Pet Hummingbird Feeder.
I wish I had read other users' reviews before hanging this. On pure looks, this feeder is a winner. It holds a lot and is easy to fill. But after never seeing a hummingbird on it, I went to post my review and I now see other reviewers with multiple feeders say their birds avoid this one. It would be bad enough if the birds just didn't like it, but if there's any chance the metal is harmful to the birds, I have to take it down right now. Cute, but I won't be using it.
It's the height of hummingbird season here in Michigan, and I have at least ten feeders out to accommodate a feeding frenzy. The hummers use every single feeder… except this one. What do they know that I don't? It's obvious these birds have feeder and location preferences, but no matter where I position the Perky-Pet mason jar feeder, it gets no action. If you want to attract hummingbirds, look elsewhere. The brands the hummers like and use the most here areBest-1 8oz. Hummingbird Feeder,Aspects 153 Mini Hummzinger Hummingbird Feeder, 8-Ounceand First Nature 3051 16-ounce Hummingbird Feeder. Pretty Isn't Always Functional.
This is really beautiful but. . . the hummingbirds are still going for my hour-glass-shaped, red plastic feeder with the bright yellow feeding stations. Exclusively. It's been about 2 weeks now, and they don't seem to recognize this as a feeder at all. I also wonder if the metal base could potentially burn them if left in the sun---but that is just guessing. Ideally, you don't want the feeder in the sun anyway. If things change and they suddenly flock to it, I'll update the post, but sadly I can't recommended it right now. If you do buy one, make sure you have a very sturdy cord to hang it (it does not come with one), because it's heavy and the last thing you'll need during barefoot summertime is broken glass on your deck. Happy humming! Gorgeous work of art but hummers aren't going for it.
As a veterinarian, I would advise against purchasing this product. The metal pan base appears to be galvanized, which means it is coated with a layer of zinc to prevent rusting. If so, that zinc will leach into the water and is toxic to birds. I returned mine for this reason. Feeders containing copper should also be avoided, since copper toxicity is also problem for birds. Also avoid hummingbird food containing red dye, which is associated with birth defects. (Instead just use a 1:4 mixture of sugar to unsoftened water; which is the same thing, without the harmful dye). Since you probably don't intend to harm the birds you are trying to help, I would advise choosing different products. If you have already purchased these products, I would advise returning them or just throwing them away. You won't see the dead hummingbirds, new ones will keep coming to the feeder, but you may be killing them off without realizing it. Even if they put a clear coating over the metal, it wouldn't last long enough to prevent the hazard. It's just a bad material for what would appear to otherwise be a nice feeder. Metal base toxic to hummingbirds.
This is an overpriced piece of junk. It doesn't work. It never fully charged the Kindle Fire. I agree with others who have said a charger should be included with the Kindle Fire. Just not this one. It doesn't work. In fact, it may have ruined the 'authorized' cord I bought to use it with. Instead I now use a universal USB ($10) from Wal-Mart. doesn't merit a star.
I have little red ants in my house,not grease ants as they don't go near anything greasy that I put out to try to get them and not sugar ants as they don't go to any sugar in the sugar bowl I have out but small red ants, like the ones you need to eat on your peonie flowers on the bushes in order for the blooms to open and I do have those bushes on the south side of my house near the foundation and I did spray there too. They seem to be coming in all over. I sprayed this by all the outside doorways and all around the windows and around the foundation, so basically every where they would be coming in from outside. I also sprayed under my sink in the kitchen and bathroom and down the basement around the entire perimeter. I still have ants… Nothing seems to be getting rid of them. Terro is a brand I have used since I was 19 in my own home, I'm 61 now, and it's always worked but not this time. Very disappointing. I did see almost no spiders after I sprayed but I had very, very few of those to begin with. I did also try the liquid Terro that you put on little pieces of cardboard and that didn't get rid of them either. I guess I'm stuck with them for the season… TERRO T3400 Home Insect Killer.
Update - as promised, I'm updating this review. Once again, it has died a pre-mature death with the exact same problem as the prior unit. Light's up to show the battery working/alive. Doesn't spray. Plain and simple, these don't see to last. Given the price, can no longer recommend an item with just over a year average life expectancy. Original Review… I hard the earlier version of this same sprayer and liked it immensely until it suddenly quit working. Given the cost and relatively brief time the unit worked, I was hesitant to purchase one (the prior had been via a Vine review). However, like many people, this seemed to be the most humane way to deal with raccoons that have been wrecking havoc in our yard. The little buggers have figured out the traps and won't go near them, the dogs go crazy over the little coons and none of the plants are safe after both racoon and dogs go pouncing over them. This works beautifully for both the dogs and the racoons so everyone is happy. It looks almost exactly like the old one and works in the same manner except this one doesn't spray back/forward like the old one but rather in a burst fashion. Personally I prefer the older motion but either way this gets the job done. Simply fill with water, allow to charge in the sun, set the range and leave. It's that easy. Assuming the lifespan of this one is longer than the last, I give this a full 5 stars as an effective yet humane way to deal with critters, keeping dogs out and so forth. I will update if the unit fails too soon. Fast Death - AGAIN _ Updated Review - Some notable changes from prior look-alike model.
REVIEW UPDATE: After barely over a month of use, the Havahart Spray Away Elite II has developed a leak. The last time it rained, the housing for the motion sensor filled with water, rendering the unit inoperable. Original review:The Havahart Spray Away Elite II is claimed to be an improvement over the previous version, but the only difference I can tell between the two is this version comes precharged, and is black instead of green. As far as function goes, I like the previous version better! Compared to the model this version replaced, this one sprays for a shorter time duration, does not have as powerful of a spray; this particular unit struggles to change directions and many times hangs in one spot and needs the wire direction bail to be manually shifted. Still, the sudden noise of operation is enough to startle most creatures, save for a few stubborn feral cats. The only potential drawback to using this over a garden area is that if it is tripped in the late evening or early night, is I'm worried that the water sprayed can contribute to undesirable fungal growths on plants that could be harmful. Havahart Spray Away Elite II.
We have a hot tub, and even with all the chemicals we put in it to keep it from growing bacteria, it still has scum lines and black gunk floating around inside. So embarrassing. I don't want any guests to see it. A week after the first treatment with Orb-3 and my gunk filled hot tub is now nice and clear. Even the kids noticed. It was so easy. I just filled up a bucket of water from the hot tub, poured an ounce of Orb-3 in, and poured the bucket around the hot tub. Voila. It's easy and it works. I'm going to be using this product regularly from now on. ___________________UPDATE 3/31/14: Over time, my spa began to develop a very strong chemical odor that got into the nostrils and made everyone choke and gag. I blamed it on my husband for not treating it properly. It got to the point where I did not want to go in. Finally, my husband suggested it might be the spa enzymes, since we did not have this problem until I started using it. I took a whiff of the bottle. Lo and behold, that was the culprit. I will not be using this any longer. UPDATE: Horrible Chemical Build Up Makes Spa Unusable.
I used this in the hot tub and found that although it took care of the foam, it left behind a cloudy water and a musky odor. This is really disappointing as I used the other orb-3 products for the pond and the pool and was very happy with them. I guess they all can't be winners. wouldn't recommend it because of the smell it generates.
Applied as directed this definitely got rid of unwanted foam in our spa. Unfortunately, it also left a nasty residue which we are now trying to get rid of without any improvement so far. Personally, I'd be happy to be just dealing with the foam. It looks like our next step will be to empty the spa unless we can find a product at the pool store to remedy this problem. I can't recommend this product. By the way, this is the first Orb-3 product that I have used that has given me a problem. Foam Gone But It Is What Has Appeared.
This past holiday weekend we had a family gathering to get my brother&#8217;s pool up and running. One of the things we used was the Orb-3 Ready-to-Use Enzyme Spray Cleaner to spruce up the pool furniture. Now that is one Orb product worth taking a look at if you have a pool. I&#8217;m not a pool person and don&#8217;t own one, but my relatives are way into them. Everyone took a pretty close look at the ingredients label and feels it&#8217;s not necessary for a well-kept family pool. With everyone weighing in on the poorer qualities, we&#8217;re taking a pass. A rather unecessary product for most family pools.
Even though it did reduce the foam, it made our water stinky, and left a slightly yellow ring around the spa. I do like Org-3 products, butI will not use this again. Gets rid of the foam at a cost.
This is easy to use. I was worried about figuring out the right amount but it was very simple. I had just used an enzyme to break down the oily ring and this put it right back in but worse. It was a thick yellow ring. It really makes the tub look dirty. Couple that with the smell ( smells almost dead) and I cant see any reason to use this ever. Yuck.
We have an outdoor hot tub and very hard water, so with all we have to add to keep the ph level in a good range, we often seem to get sudsy foam. I normally use another product, but tried this one the last time we needed it, and I have to say, I don't care for it. Although it did get rid of the foam quickly, as another reviewer mentioned, we also go a yellow ring around the top of the water. With my normal product, I love the smell. Clean, fresh, not full of chemical smells. This Orb-3,. unfortunately, had a terrible smell to it and even after running the spa for 24 hours I could still smell that awful smell. Sorry, but I don't recommend this product. Not what I expected.
I thought i would give it a try to eliminate the foam but in return i was left with a greasy feel to the water more unpleasant than the foam, I would suggest not using. Got rid of foam but now how to get rid of it?
I have a small soft tub hot tub. Our water is very soft and it is basically just my husband and I who use the hot tub. This bottle says best when used within 6 months. (I've had my current bottle of anti foam 4 months and I've not used 1/4 of it yet -- shelf life is not mentioned on my current brand). The smell in the bottle is not overly bad but I suspect based on other reviews that it reacts with different chemicals that are currently in the water. My bottom line is stick with a single line of chemicals that are built to react to each other. This one seems to not react well with many other chemical systems. works well.
Some products work and some don't. This one definitely does more harm than good, considering a quite unpleasant smell. Sorry, but I certainly don't recommend this. Only if you enjoy a stinky smell in your pool.
We have a hot tub/spa attached to our pool and occasionally, especially after recent chemical additions, it will foam when you engage the jets and blowers. We had hoped this would help with that issue. Big mistake. Huge. Upon first use it did quickly dispense the foam, but it also, not quite as quickly, made the water cloudy and with an odd odor. It had an almost oily texture that left a ring on our wall tile. GROSS! We ended up having to turn off the pool and pay someone to come out and drain the spa, because we didn't want this gross water polluting our entire pool. Disgusting and expensive. Our (unattached) water feature (fountain) also has some foaming issues, but, as this wasn't listed as animal safe and as birds often drink from the fountain we didn't want to try it there. After our disastrous pool experience we are very glad we didn't. Avoid At All Costs.
Well… I must admit… the product quickly dissipated the foam in our pool… but it left an oily residue which resulted in a "tub ring" on our liner. We ended up having to clean the pool walls TWICE to eliminate the ring. And… WARNING… this product has an AWFUL odor. We decided the discard the remainder of the bottle. I do NOT recommend this product. DISCARDING THE REMAINDER.
I planted them in containers on my deck and watered them gently. Next day it rained and we had pleasant, sunny weather for several days and nothing ever grew… I saw a spindly sprout appear in one of the four but it died and nothing has happened since so I'm assuming it's a loss. I've NEVER had problems growing from seed before. I checked it daily to make sure all was well and not dried out. And also the term "kit" is a bit misleading. These are seeds in tiny starter pots that you plant somewhere, such as a container or in your garden. The kit is really very expensive. It would be less expensive to buy the seed starter cups and then buy the seeds and you would also know what type of tomato, etc. , that you are getting. Nothing grew.
The Miracle-Gro 170025 Gro-ables Salad and Herb Garden Kit reminds me of a cross between those chemistry sets we used to have as kids in the '60s and those Kuerig coffee packs that are all the rage these days. The kit is sealed inside aluminum wrap and at first glance looks like something one might want to bake. It contains 18 seeded peat pots and a dozen different vegetables and herbs. There are extras of the herbs and lettuces to allow for staggered and companion plantings (still too much dill here for my tastes, though). The selling point is ease, convenience, and instructions. Put the Kuerig-like pods into a container, raised bed, or garden; space the plants as directed; water them; thin seedlings and transplant extras when possible; fend off the various critters that will come to enjoy your work; and let the sun and rain do the rest save for weeding and feeding. It's almost everything one needs for a garden, and it makes the planting process quite easy. The growing process, however, is another matter. I've heard and read the idea of putting a 50 cent plant in a five dollar hole more than a few times. If you have not prepped your soil with amendments for drainage, air, and nutrition, then you plants may lose their initial enthusiasm after sprouting and either be stunted or just die. Keeping them feed and pest free is vital, so learning about fertilizers and companion planting with other herbs and flowers should be the next step. Light and drainage and soil depth are also important. My point is just that aspiring gardeners may think the whole process is a bit simpler than the reality of getting from seeds to harvest. The presentation of this kit suggests a science experiment more than a horticultural exercise to me. So it is a great way to get started---but what's here needs to be augmented by trying things out and learning more about the whole process of growing vegetables and herbs. Meanwhile, I will be seeing how my plants do in the coming weeks and hoping the various bugs and chipmunks leave something for the table. I learn something from every garden and am still trying to figure out what killed my tomato plants in my other raised bed that were poised to deliver my first-ever fruits by July 4th. Update: It is September, and as I look back, I have to say this garden kit failed to produce. Pretty much everthing we planted either died despite plenty of water and light or was consumed by squirrels and chipmunks who must have found the little peat cups full of seedlings to be tasteful appetizers. I think the term failure to thrive applies. Failure to thrive---worse than I originally thought.
UPDATE (october 2013): got this kit in june. not a single seed sprouted all summer or fallOriginal review:=======right out of the box, i tried the cucumber, tomato, and sweet pepper. i'm going to try some of the other ones inside (as per instructions), so after 3 weeks not a single sprout on the first round. last year at the local farmers market, for $10 we bought a whole flat filled with a variety of 15 starts. i think 13 of the 15 were producing within a matter of week. that was a much better deal. additionally, the miracle-gro are not local seeds, so there's no way to know if they will acclimate to your particular climate zone. and this kit is incredibly expensive compared to just buying starts from a local supplier. if you can find organic non-gmo starts that are native to your local climate, then even better. nothing grew (3 weeks later, still nothing).
I had hopes that surely I'd have luck with these groables, but my general lack of luck growing stuff extends to this kit with zero results. Very disappointed. I admit to not being a great gardener, but.
This device did not work very well. I followed the instructions to the dot and It never killed a thing. Rats and Mice were not fooled by this device. Did Not Work.
The first two days we had the Rat Zapper, we caught two mice. After that, it seemed to stop working. We would reset it and re-bait it, the red light would go on, and there would be nothing in the zapper. This has gone on for two weeks. We put fresh batteries in it and it still isn't zapping the rodents. Too bad, I was excited about zapping lots of pests, but this just isn't doing the trick. We've abandoned it. Unreliable.
I have had this set out for about two weeks. It hasn't caught one rat or mouse! However, the first night I had it out, something did try to eat the bait (dog food). When I got up the next morning, I discovered the Rat Zapper turned upside down, with the battery cover dislodged and the batteries (and bait) strewn a couple feet from the trap. Apparently, it has enough of a zap to royally tick off whatever critter wanted the bait, but not enough to kill it. I put the batteries back in and re-baited (and reset) the trap. Two days later, the kill light was flashing, and I eagerly looked inside. The trap was empty. Not only was there no critter in the trap, but the bait was gone. I gave it one more try. Put more dog food (and peanut butter smeared in a soda pop top -- you can't put wet bait directly on the bait tray), and then I reset the trap. It has been almost two weeks, and except for the bait, it sits empty. I guess the critters learned their lesson, and they've decided to leave the trap alone, but still infest my property. I can't recommend a trap that merely annoys its intended victim, but doesn't kill it. Worthless.
I tried using this for three weeks and never caught a single anything. I re-set it and baited it every night and the bait was gone every morning and the red light was on but nothing in the trap. Still have rats in the ceiling going back to poison I guess. Wish this worked but it was useless. Didn't catch anything.
I was very excited and happy when I saw the Rat Zapper Ultra offered on Amazon Vine. Living in Southwest Florida, we have always had problems with large river rats eating some of the wiring in our cars' engine compartments. I have used traps and poisons with varied success. Most rats seem to be smarter than the standard traps and the poisons disappear without leaving any evidence of their effectiveness. When the Zapper arrived, I put on surgical gloves before taking it out of the box. I learned a long time ago that human scent is easily detected by rats and mice and acts as a deterrent. The unit looked efficient and well-made. Once I put the required batteries in, the light came up green indicating a good charge. Then I put 10 pieces of dry dog food in it and set it up outside at a likely spot, covered to protect it from any rain. I went out to check it the next morning not really expecting anything to have happened yet. However, the trap had been moved a few feet, was upside down, and all the bait had been removed. In other words, whatever got to the bait was not disuaded by the promised shock. In fact it must have reached in several times in order to get all the small pieces of bait. Or possibly the charge plate isn't working properly even though the light shows green. So I reset it. The next morning I had to search a twenty foot area to find the trap. This time the red light was flashing but nothing was inside. Once again all the bait was gone with no kill. Something, like a raccoon, must have long legs that allow it to reach the bait without touching the hot spot. Or it holds the trap up and shakes it. Or a feral cat is messing with it. So I reset it again, and again, and again with the same results every time. So then I looked closely at the instruction sheet. FOR INDOOR USE ONLY. Oooops. Knowing that the Rat Zapper seems to be working properly, even though set up outdoors, only two things can be happening. Either rats and mice are entering the trap and not getting schocked hard enough to kill them, or some other animal is adept at robbing the trap. I will set up some classic Victor traps to see if I can determine what is really happening. FOR INDOOR USE ONLY!!!!!!!!
This summer the bugs have been awful in my yard even with citronella candles and lanterns so I thought I'd give this a whirl. It runs on 2 C batteries (not included) and activates when you slide and hold the button. This product is junk! It doesn't kill large bugs like bees and wasps or really small ones like gnats and believe me I've tried. A wasp got stuck in the mesh but it didn't zap it! It flew away - defeats the purpose of the racket and the gnats just flew right through it, so basically the bug has to be a perfect size in order to kill it. Also, the bugs have to essentially fly into it in order to kill them; because of the bulk of this racket and how thick it is, you can't smash a bug on a flat surface. Waving the racket around to try to kill the bug gives it ample time to fly away and you look crazy in the yard swinging this thing with no results. The head of the racket is not flexible at all either. So to me, this is a waste of $13. You can buy a 99 cent fly swatter at Target that's much more effective than this. Regular Fly Swatter Works Better!
While my yard is not as big as many homes, it is still 7500 square feet. I hate to sound lazy, but unreeling 100 feet of hose, weaving it amongst the flower beds, dragging it around to water the flowers on the far reaches of the property, and putting everything away again is not exactly fun. By the time I drag the hose around, water the flowers, and try to reel it back into the hose reel, I tend to be wet and full of dirt from guiding the hose and the water flying about when I reel the very end into the hose reel. I thought that an expandable hose like the Rumford Gardner Expanding Hose might make life a bit easier. The hose is quite easy to operate as I show in the video. The "female" end of the hose is like any other hose. The male end of the hose is the same as well, but it comes with a plastic shutoff valve to attach to the end. To get the hose to expand, the shutoff valve must be closed and then the hose needs about 10 seconds to expand to its full length. When the hose is unexpanded, it measures in at right about 17 feet long. Once allowed to expand and with the shutoff valve remaining in the off position, I measured the hose to be about 48 feet long including the connectors. It might not be a full 50 feet, but I will call it close enough as the two feet might have been lost due to measuring error. While the hose does seem to work just like the DAP Xhose did on TV, it just is not the same as a regular hose. Once you open the shutoff valve, the hose starts contracting again. Another issue is that if you are trying to fill something like a bucket or a pool, the hose is so light it really does not stay in place and the end will start flailing wildly about. On the plus side, I found the hose was much easier to drag around and put away when I was doing regular watering duties of the gardens. After using the hose for about 6 weeks, the hose is still operational My main complaint is the cheap plastic fittings always seem to be coming loose, leaking, or spraying water everywhere. Also, the screw holding the shutoff handle in place on the valve is already showing a significant amount of rust. I am wondering how long it will take before it rusts through. Overall, I felt this was just an OK product. If hauling 50 or 100 feet of standard rubber garden hose is something that is difficult to do, then this product very well might be something worth trying. I did like the lightweight of the expandable hose. However, to me the product seems to be cheaply made and while after 6 weeks I have not had the product fail, I do question how long the hose will last. Update #1: The host did make it through the summer. I drained the hose to the best of my ability and put it in my deck box for the winter. I tried to use it a few days ago and found that the hose suffered a massive leak. There does not appear to be any damage to the external wrap of the hose, so I am not sure what caused the leak. Regardless, I am updating the title of the review and I recommend staying away from this product. Did Not Survive The Winter.
I was really excited to try the water hose, since I've seen so much about this type on TV and in stores. When I got it in, I decided to go try it out. I had the water pressure on normal (as I always do) and within 10 minutes the hose had busted. So within an hour of receiving the hose, it was in the trash. I wouldn't go with this brand, for the price, it's just too risky! Don't buy this hose!
I have to change my initial review of this hose. I thought it was truly a great hose, but now I have changed my mind about the quality of the hose. I gave it 5 stars in my first review, but I can't do it now. I only used this hose about 4 times, and it finally broke from the hose attachment. I believe the manufacturer needs to make the attachments stronger with brass attachments. Rumford Gardener Expanding Hose.
Updated: Bummed! At time of first review, I loved this hose, but it turns out it is a fail. After less than three months of use, the cloth completely detached from the coupling that attaches to the faucet. Not repairable. Useless. Previous Review Title: Makes My Daily Watering Easier And QuickerMother's Day is the beginning of the outdoor growing period in our area of the Rocky Mountains. Once winter's passed and there is little chance of snow, we begin transforming our barren, uninviting, expansive wood deck into a our own little summer oasis. From out of the basement, we move the barbeque, patio furniture, awnings, umbrellas, a gazebo, a fountain and a chimenea to make the deck an attractive outdoor living space. Dozens of planters and flower pots get arranged in groupings on the deck and in multiple hanging baskets. The job of planting and maintaining the annual flowers is happily all mine. Every morning I water and joyfully watch hundreds of blooms proliferate as summer heats up. Two heavy 25' traditional garden hoses are attached together to make one long hose. The length is necessary to zig zag my way back and forth across one thousand square feet of deck. The hose is heavy. Sometimes I have to stop and use both hands to swing it up, over and/or around the furniture, etc. About a month ago I received the Rumford Gardener Expanding Hose. I'm never going use my old traditional type again. The Rumford weighs about two thirds less. It takes me much less time maneuvering it about, plus it delivers better pressure than my old hose. My Rumford Hose has not ripped despite me dragging it up, down, across and around everything on our wooden deck. As I swirl it to collapse inside our hose pot it naturally drains and is protected from direct sunlight. From what I've read in other reviews, that might be the reason my Rumford Hose hasn't ripped. My hose pot isn't available here, but it is very similar to this Liberty Garden Products 1913 Hammered Bell Garden Hose Pot - Copper. The Rumford Gardener Expanding Hose has made my daily routine tons easier and given me more time to enjoy my hard work. I'd say I have more time to stop and smell the roses, but I don't grow them :) Updated Review: From 5 Stars To 1, Didn't Last Three Months.
The first time I tried it, it worked exactly as the ad claims. Turned off the water, it coiled up, and all was well. The second time I used it, 2 days later, the hose sprung a geyser a couple of minutes after I turned off the water. Oh well. Never again. Broke second time I used it.
I think we can all agree that this is a very cool concept. This hose is very capable, very light, very portable - it's just about perfect in the whole concept department. The only problem is that it has no lasting power. The fittings are all in plastic and hardly durable. The hose itself can't be left out in the sun - the sun will break it down. Then it's not even durable because even when you are super careful with it, it can still develop leaks. The outer covering is a strange, crunchy material that fades in the sun - none of it seems up to par for durability. I think this is useful maybe for times when you need a portable hose - this has to be the most portable hose around… but you can't rely on it, so I'm not sure if the convenience of the portability is worth not knowing if it will last for you and when it will break for no reason at all. I cannot recommend this item. Very cool concept, Very poor quality/execution.
I've been using pruners for the last 30 or more years, on roses, bushes, trees and more. These ones do the job and are easy to use. Only a gardener knows the difference between "hacking" and "pruning," and good pruning is like creating a sculpture. These Fiskars hand pruners help me do just that, in green, living color! Thank you for the opportunity to review this excellent product. Update: WHOOPS! I used these shears for the second time, and the plastic gear inside broke. I am going to contact Fiskars about this problem, as all the shears I have had in the past had metal parts and lasted 20 years or more. I am quite disappointed that a product could be made so poorly with plastic parts (this certainly didn't show on the outside) and I would not want people to be misled by my previous 5 star rating. At the risk of not being "popular" with a now negative rating, I am changing my rating to reflect the truthfulness of my experience. One star. Useless if they break in two the second time out. Love these pruners - until they broke!
I loved the thought of this feeder when I first saw it. I own quite a few Perky Pet Hummingbird feeders, so brand wise, it was a good choice for me. But, it was all down hill from there. First off, so much BOSS falls through the bottom while filling. Next, once the squirrels get a whiff, hang on it, do the hokey pokey and turn themselves around, the BOSS gets flung all over the place, to the hoard of squirrels waiting below. Finally, towards dusk, when the squirrels were tucking themselves into their nests, the cardinals came to investigate. I was horrified to see a female get her claw stuck in it. All her flapping around was stressful to us both. I went over with the leather gloves and a towel, but by the time I got there, she probably broke her foot so that I wouldn't get her! I took it down immediately. Should be starless! Great concept, poor construction.
The Perky-Pet FLY THROUGH WILD BIRD FEEDER is an all-mesh feeder designed to allow birds to feed from any position - they can cling to the sides or the bottom, or they can fly into the round ports to feed from inside the feeder. This might have worked if the mesh squares hadn't been so large! The instructions suggest using only sunflower seeds or peanuts, since smaller seeds would fall through the mesh. Well, sunflower seeds fell through the mesh, too! This thing is a mess to fill, since seeds pour out as you're trying to fill the feeder. When I realized what was happening, I tried filling it over a cardboard box (to catch all the seed that poured out), but even once it was filled I saw that it was leaking seed all over the place. I couldn't even carry it out to the tree where I was planning to hang it without seeds continuously leaking out from the sides and bottom. The entire feeder is mesh, so the seeds come out everywhere. I have no idea how other customers were able to use this thing. I gave up, since it was obvious that as soon as I hung it in the tree the seeds would leak out continuously until only the ground feeders would get any use from it. It's possible this would work with peanuts, but I can attest that it's a failure with sunflower seeds. This is a poorly designed bird feeder that wastes seed. Not recommended. Ridiculous design wastes seed.
I have very active bird feeding stations. We made 2 drilled out logs with perches and stuffed the holes with homemade suet and then also have bird feeders with trays for seed. This feeder says to fill it with sunflower seeds. The birds that are attracted to and enjoy sunflower seeds are cardinals, grosbeaks, chickadees and sparrows. Cardinals and grosbeaks will not feed off of this feeder unless they are desperate; they want tray feeders. When this is filled with sunflower seeds, the bottom holes are so large that you lose a great amount of the seeds dropping on the ground. The fly through holes can catch the birds and make it difficult for them to get out. I watched one fat chickadee struggle and hurt itself when several grackles approached. The last I saw of the poor chickadee was it hopping and dragging a wing across the snow on our deck. That was also the last time this feeder was used. Between the holes that drop the sunflower seeds and the damage to birds- this is not a feeder for the birds. Not for the birds.
A oouple of weeks ago I spread this high priced product over some spots in my back yard that my Dobie had turned to a yellow color. He watched me carefully as I violated his favorite watering holes and when I finished he watered them quite thoroughly. Not to worry, I thought, this product is allegedly impervious to my Dobie's output and soon grass will appear. After a week of no grass despite my Dobie's assistance I decided to reseed and use a garden hose to do the watering rather than depend on my faithful companion. As I watered I kept thinking of the old saw "You'll wonder where the yellow went when you… etc". Another week passed with no sign of grass. I don't need to wonder where the yellow went because it is right there where it has been ever since the Dobie arrived. Grass? Not!
I used this to &#34;stomp&#34; all my winter trimmings (rose bushes) in my green recycling curbside can and it did a great job… until it broke. The part that broke is the spring loaded piece that attaches the stomper to the wood handle you supply… in this case it was the other end of a broom. When I pressed on it to release it the third or fourth time of use, it SNAPPED loudly and all of the pieces fell out. The stomper was useless after this and I threw it in the garbage bin next to the green bin it had been working so well on. Before it broke, I found that it compacted the can down by about 50% so you could fit half as much more in the can. I think it would work better if it were weighted down instead of a light piece of plastic… Overall, not well-built, not garden tough, a gimmic that was a good idea that fell apart in manufacturing in some distant land. Sorry, can't recommend. From 5 star to one star in one SNAP of plastic.
Tried this in two plants, was able to find the plant in the iPhone app but was never able to sync it. Maybe I got a dud. Syncing doesn't work.
I'm always game for trying any bird feeder that might make it more difficult for my chubby backyard squirrels to get at the birdfeed, so I was really excited to be offered this one from the Amazon Vine program in exchange for an honest review. After 6 weeks of testing this Perky-Pet 412 platform feeder I have to honestly say that it is a great squirrel feeder but a not-so-great wild bird feeder. In fact, the only birds who even bother with this feeder in my backyard are those nuisance starlings and grackles. Depending on what I filled it with during my 6 week testing period - seed, suet, peanut nuggets or mealworms - the platform feeder did attract a few species of wild birds at first. As a full-time resident of the Gulf coast of west central Florida where the birdlife is unusually rich and abundant, I have identified many species at my other bird feeders but only the starlings and grackles continued to visit this platform feeder, especially when I filled it with peanut nuggets or mealworms. (The squirrels, by the way, do not like the mealworms). I positioned my feeder in a nearby tree using a 36-inch "S" branch-hook which provides a lot of clearance around the feeder to foil the squirrels. The adjustable dome is designed to wobble and throw the squirrels off balance when they attempt a raid but my squirrels still manage to get under it, tilt the feeder and spill the food. I don't mind this too much though because I also enjoy watching the birds ground feed. The Perky-Pet platform feeder is made in China and requires some assembly. It is easy to assemble but the wire grate that fits overs the metal feeding dish is warped on my unit and is a very poor fit, leaving about a half inch gap allowing the squirrels a better foothold and easier access to the food. I have since removed this grate inasmuch as it serves no good purpose. The distance between the dome and the feeding dish is adjustable but the dome is also a poor fit and sits at an angle, wobbling and bouncing wildly on its spring with the slightest movement of air. It is not a bad looking feeder but I would visually like it better if all of its pieces were a straighter fit and the feeder didn't look so wonky. The feeder requires frequent cleaning which means dismantling the feeder. It's a bit of a hassle to disassemble the feeder twice a week but necessary to prevent disease transmission in birds through decayed and contaminated food. But during the process of frequent disassembling, cleaning and reassembling, I've done a little experimenting with this feeder trying to make it a more successful feeder for wild birds and this is what I've discovered:1. The grate really is useless so I just keep it off. 2. The bouncing dome does not deter squirrels. Rather it scares the birds away. So I tried keeping the dome off in order to attract more birds. This didn't really work for attracting desirable birds other than nuisance birds. I also discovered that the dome is actually beneficial for keeping the feed protected from the elements and bird droppings. So I decided to continue using it. 3. The dome does work better when I reassemble the feeder without using the spring. The dome wobbles much less and is more steady without the spring and therefore doesn't frighten the birds with that frantic wobbling. After all this tweaking I'm still not satisfied with this Perky Pet feeder. I most definitely would not buy another. Nor would I ever recommend it. In fact, mine has gone in the trash. If you really want a squirrel proof wild bird feeder I highly recommend theBrome 1015 Squirrel Buster Classic. Bromes are expensive but they are worth every penny. My Brome feeders paid for themselves in no time, just by what they save me in all the birdfeed that the squirrels cannot access. Great squirrel feeder; not-so-great bird feeder.
It speaks poorly when a company does not minimally test a product before bringing it to market. The Perky-Pet Top Fill Bird Waterer is a good idea failed. There are so many things wrong with this design that it is embarrassing. Only small birds possibly could sit on the flimsy plastic base ring and turn in just a way to drink water that is, if water stayed in the container and didn't leak on the ground. Our container lost all its water in just over an hour. On a positive note, you don't have to worry about water getting stale or dirty as you do in a bird bath. This design doesn't even work as a last resort for hummingbirds because there ain't no water there. Nuf said. Shame On what otherwise has been a reliable company with several other respectful products. Does Not Hold Water.
It's a beautiful day here in New Orleans, calm, the breeze is barely stirring, and yet the slight breeze is enough to de-perk my perky bird waterer. This is actually really cute, I hung it on a plant hanger and it looks cute in the yard. I noticed the perky waterer seems very flimsy but I hung it up anyway. The waterer, in theory, will be filled by rain, but if I hang it in a tree the branches would interfere, plus, here in New Orleans, rain is usually accompanied by wind, so this would be flying around and spilling out instead of filling up. I saw a bird trying to land and drink and the waterer swung around like a carnival ride, the bird looked confused and so am I. This is so light weight and ever time it swings just a little water drips out this way and that. I have filled it four times since hanging it up yesterday. Neither the birds nor I are impressed with this bird waterer. Maybe perky, but not sturdy or practical.
I imagine this would work if the tray were deeper. Fill it up and it's empty in a matter of minutes because of all the water pouring off the unit. Even sitting flat on the ground, it empties out very quickly. I really like the idea of a top-filling water dispenser for the backyard birds, but pass on this one until they redesign the tray. Great idea… very poor tray design.
When I first used this, the water dripped out of it within the hour, but it really does depend on which side you put the disc on that is underneath. However, the writing is hard to see as to which side is right, and even when it's right, it's only good if the wind isn't blowing, which is almost never. I think the wind tips it and it drains out. I never got to see any birds on it because it was a new item on the bird feeder and emptied out so fast. It was a good idea but poorly executed. Ok for still winds.
Sorry to say that this was cheaply made plastic waterer and leaked. I followed the direction and set it out to hang from a branch for the birds to enjoy. A few minutes later, I noticed it was half empty and there was a puddle on the ground below. I thought I did something wrong but when I took it apart, re assembled it and added more water, I noticed that the bowl was not sealed properly to the base cap and leaked from above the actual bowl. I had to toss it before any birds got to enjoy it. Perky-Pet 782 Top Fill Bird Waterer.
I own several Perky-Pet feeders and a few are fine and some are total failures--this one falls into the latter category. I honestly have to wonder if anyone at the company actually *tried* this bird waterer before they tried to sell them. My guess is they bought them wholesale from China sight unseen and then tried to market them: bad idea. The idea is brilliant: a bird waterer that can refill itself on rainy days, or that can be easily filled from the top using a garden hose or whatever. Great idea! The problem is that this thing simply doesn't hold water--even when it's perfectly level. I tested it in my kitchen sink and filled it with water and left it on bottom of the sink and came back a while later (like a half hour) and it was completely empty. So I tried it again, and I put it in a bucket with a perfectly level bottom to make sure I was giving it a fair test and (insert buzzer noise here), another fail! I've been trying to think of someway to re-engineer this so I can find a use for it, but so far nothing. Who in their right mind would sell a product that didn't work at all? If you want to give the birds a drink (great idea! ) do yourself a favor: buy a nice birdbath or a little garden fountain (birds like running water, so the latter is probably a better idea). As far as this goes: Next! It simply doesn't hold water--a great idea that fails miserably.
I have several Perky Pet bird feeders and have been pleased with all of them. I was excited to see this on the Amazon Vine, as I have wanted one for a long time. It was very easy to assemble, but Noticed right away how flimsy it is… cheap plastic! The first time I put it out the water just ran out. Tried again, and again water was gone in a few minutes. Filled it again ( I really wanted it to work) and put it out. I checked again an hour or so later and it was lying in pieces on the ground! I guess a big bird tried to drink and it just fell apart! Sure wish it would work. I had high hopes that the birds would love it… sometime the little birds, like the Chickadees, have trouble drinking out of the birdbath if the water is to low, and this feeder would have been perfect for them! Really wanted this to work!
Update: I initially gave this product 3 stars, mediocre, for the reasons below. However, I have now experienced more of the problems that some of the other reviewers encountered, and this waterer is pretty much useless to me. When I filled the empty container this morning, I apparently did not have it centered right on the hook, and water spilled out continuously. I tried twice to recenter it, but could not get it laser-level even, and it spilled until it was completely empty. No wind today. Don't the designers actually test these things?? ~~~~~~~I like the idea of this bird waterer. The birds have not used it yet, but I think they probably will as weather gets hotter and water gets scarcer. Previous to getting this, I used a hummingbird feeder as a waterer, but that, of course, limits the kinds of birds that can use it. (The feeder leaked, and I didn't want sugar water on the ground attracting ants, but a little water leaking was okay. )So, this product should have been ideal. And it would have been had it been better designed and made. The reservoir is quite large, and when I am filling it and holding it by the saucer underneath, the saucer is so flimsy that I'm afraid it is going to break. I couldn't carry it outside without spilling on the floor between the kitchen and back door. The saucer is too shallow. I know that birds like shallow water, but the sides still could have been made higher. There is no lip or anything that helps keep the water from sloshing out. The waterer is hung on my patio, sheltered from most sun and most wind, but still gets a little of both. The slightest breeze causes it to spill, emptying it in short order. The saucer is so shallow that I can't even climb onto the chair I use to reach the hook without spilling water, usually down the front of whatever I am wearing. The top is perforated, supposedly to let in rainwater as well as making filling easy. What it does more often, in this land of little rain, is let in tiny bugs. The reservoir is frosted plastic, but I can't find information on what kind of plastic it is. I would prefer glass or plastic that is safe for water bottles. I don't know if this plastic is harmful to birds. It is easy to clean, and the reservoir does hold quite a bit of water. A smaller reservoir that didn't spill so easily would be a better idea. I looked at some of the other waterers available, and several have different reservoirs but the same too-shallow saucer underneath. Given the negatives, this feeder with a patio light shining behind it in the evenings makes a very pretty glow. The birds don't seem to care, though. Good Idea, Poor Design and Execution.
I really wanted this to work as I hate cleaning the bird bath daily but like to provide one. I read the instructions and made sure the unit was securely in place filled with water and hung it in my backyard. I went to check on it 10 min later and watched the final water in the clear portion disappear. It was overflowing the saucer that is the only place there is water for the birds just what the saucer holds. Will try calling company tomorrow and will update if they have a fix that works. Great idea but doesn't hold water.
I love feeding the birds, and I provide a bird bath for them, as well. When I saw this, I thought it was a great idea. What it is is a huge disappointment. I have filled it and carefully hung it nest to my bird feeder. But a singe bird landing on its ledge, or a breeze, will tip the water out. This item is utterly useless. DO NOT BOTHER! It does not work as described. Nope. It doesn't work.
I have fiddled with this thing off and on for a couple of weeks now. The form factor is okay. It isn't ugly. It's light, that's a plus right? It seems built for the size of bird my feeding station is geared for, so what's the problem? Well it leaks. A lot. The thing bleeds out in about 10 minutes. You might as well just fill the little dish at the bottom because that's all that will be left 10 minutes after you fill the thing. If anyone else has tried a bird waterer that they like, please leave a comment below and point me in the right direction. Epic fail unless your goal is to taunt the birds with an empty waterer.
I've had this waterer out for well over a month now and have not seen a single bird come to it. It's top fill, which is great, and which is not. Nasty stuff falls into the water turning it colors. The waterer is plastic and I suspect because of its light weight birds may weigh it down on one side. It's really been a bust for me and never gets used despite being in the middle of four feeders. Perky-Pet 782 Top Fill Bird Waterer.
I like Perky-Pet feeders. Every summer I put out regular feeders and hummingbird feeders. The birds like them and they're generally easy to keep clean. The streak has been broken with this. A waterer is a great idea, especially here in the dry west. I was excited to have a chance to test this unit, but I began to get the &#34;uh-oh&#34; feeling almost immediately. It has a snap-together construction--nothing particularly bad about the idea--but I found that it was very easy to snap the bowl/perch area right off the feeder. The weight of a jay (a common bird here) would have been enough to snap it right off: that is if water had stayed in it long enough to attract that jay. This unit is extremely sensitive to orientation. Any tilt--no matter how slight--will be sufficient to drain it dry. This might be fine on a windless, airless planet. But here on earth, the smallest breeze was enough to knock it out of the vertical. I could see the water dribbling out, and it only took about 15 minutes for the thing to be completely empty. There were no evident flaws in construction. This is a problem of design. It's top-fillable without disassembly. The idea is to catch rainwater--a noble idea. But try filling it from a jug. It only accepts a slow flow of water and you have to stand there dribbling in the water for several minutes. I think it drains faster than it fills. Perky-Pet needs to head back to the drawing board (or directly to the bin) with this unit. It's a great idea, but this implementation fails completely. Total fail.
I would not recommend purchasing this hummingbird feeder as it spills very easily. Even in the slightest breeze it spills everywhere through the flower openings. I recommend this Perky Pet hummingbird feeder instead: http://www. amazon. com/gp/product/B00GVLDF9K (Perky Pet 210PB). Not only does this feeder not spill, but it also holds more nectar and I've watched the hummingbirds and they seem to prefer it. Plus, it's quite a bit cheaper. There is no competition between the two in my opinion. Not recommended.
UPDATE 5/16/2014: I'll leave my original review in tact below… but I am going to change this to one star "cannot recommend" because the feeder leaks like crazy. I don't mean just a little leak, I mean red liquid all over the place kind of leak. At first I thought the birds were just feeding like crazy and that's why the levels were going down… then I saw because it was sitting on a picnic table that the entire table was covered in red gooey sugar water and the feeder had a slow drip. I'm surprised that Perky Pet would release something like this with a quality problem of this magnitude (it appears other reviewers have experienced this issue as well). Can't recommend, sorry. ORIGINAL REVIEW:There are lots of great reviews for this feeder already so I'm not sure what I can add, but one thing that I didn't cross my mind when I ordered this large feeder… you have to have a LOT of hummers feeding to consume 30 oz of "nectar" before it spoils in the sunlight and heat. Our hummers are very territorial and fight off others in "their" backyard so they can have all the flowers and of course this feeder to themselves. That results in the nectar going down much more slowly than I would have predicted. As others have stated, this is a great design, with a wide mouth opening on the REAL GLASS (yay!!! ) container (dishwasher safe, don't worry about a bottle brush as someone else suggested). The ant moat seems to work and the bright red color attracts those hummers. The nectar that comes with this is comically small amount… only 8 oz vs 30 oz capacity of the feeder. You'll want to make your own with sugar and water (google the recipe) and without any food coloring which is bad for the birds (Amazon also sells clear nectar which is becoming the new norm now). One star off for being cheap with the initial supply of nectar, but overall an excellent feeder that seems design to perform and last. Hope this helps. Revised review: MAJOR LEAKS!!!!
Perky-Pet makes all sorts of hummingbird feeders, but I think this simple style is one of their best designs. This is a new model, but it has all the important features I look for in a quality hummingbird feeder--glass, easy hanging (S hook), durability and no leakage. I like this particular feeder because the wide mouth makes cleaning and filling easy, the base separates in half (again for easy cleaning) and it has built in bee guards and an ant moat. Most important, hummingbirds like it. We have over ten different feeders hanging around the yard, and it's obvious which ones are preferred. Their favorite feeders aren't the fanciest or most expensive, but they all resemble this fundamental glass tube style. UPDATE: This feeder leaks like a sieve! It held liquid just fine for about a month, but now the two-part base just doesn't seal. I checked reviews, and sure enough, lots of other people are experiencing the same problem. Leaking renders the 209B feeder useless… my five star review has been revised to one. Started Leaking Within A Month's Time.
This otherwise well-built little feeder leaks. I tried tightening to the max: still leaked. Perhaps I was over-tightening and distorting the plastic? : nope; still leaked. Maybe some aquarium-grade silicone along the joins? : nope; no joy. My lawn does not need sugar water, but that's where it is going. Into the trash with this feeder. Can't stop the leaking.
This Rumford Gardener Tuff-Guard Expanding Hose is the second hose of this genre I tested. The first one was the lime green Rumford Gardener Expanding Hose. It broke at multiple places in three months on very light use. This second expanding hose fared even worse; it exploded with a loud pop on my driveway on the second use. Knowing the vulnerability of this kind of hoses, I had treated this hose with kid-gloves. I turned on the water valve from to and let the hose expand over a period of one minute before I turned on the valve fully. I used the hose only on smooth cement surface. I drained the hose after use and stored it in a covered bucket in my covered patio. The water pressure of my house is consistently around 75 psi, well within the norm of residential water supply. My advice to Amazon shoppers is to stick to heavy-duty rubber hoses. They are heavy and clunky but they don't explode in your faces like these expandable hoses. P. S. There is no warranty or any contact info of the manufacturer in the box. The only recourse a buyer has in case of problem with this hose is to return to Amazon within one month. Outside of that, he/she is hosed. Exploded on the second use.
As with many of these types of hoses, there are too many restrictions on use and how you must use it. As they say you can't teach an old dog new tricks nor can you expect someone to change how they have used garden hoses all their lives. You are supposed to follow a specific method for initially operating the hose. Another factor in rating it a 1 is there is no manufacturer contact information included with the hose. None on the box and none in the directions. I also tried to find the manufacturer on the internet and no luck there either. If the hose goes bad, you are simply out of luck. Another concern is that this hose is not to be used for drinking water. Makes me wonder what is leaching out from this hose into the water and worry also about pets or animals drinking water that came out of this hose. The better option is a 50' coiled hose which we have two of. I bought two very good quality coiled hoses and have been using them for 3 seasons now without any problems. Overall I think these hoses are a useless gimmick. A gimmick hose.
Oh yes there had been a mouse there. It left some hair and some feces but it walked away. Bad &#34;trap&#34;. the mouse walked away.
These traps are without question the most horrific, most cruel, and most devious devices some truly sick mind has ever invented. Any animal, target species or not, will die a slow and terrible death, will break about every bone in its body trying to free itself from this medieval torture device, and either die of dehydration or blood loss due to self-inflicted amputation attempts. Why any decent human being would ever want to torture an animal like this is beyond me. Owls have gotten so hopelessly stuck on these terrible traps when they tried to grab what looked like an easy meal that they had to be euthanized. We are working hard to get these types of traps banned from US markets for good. Pets have gotten stuck on those things, and if you have ever tried to get this thing off a cat's face and witnessed its agony and terror you might get a glimpse at what you are doing to animals if you decide to use such a trap. There are much more humane methods out there to eliminate a mouse problem, this is most definitely, without any question, the absolutely worst one you can choose. And if you still decide to deploy such a thing after reading this, shame on you. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THESE TORTURE DEVICES!!!
An old workplace used these around animal feed and areas where rodents tended to visit. I have never seem a more cruel, horrifying site than watching mice struggle to free themselves. If you are going to use a kill trap, at least use one that causes instant death. I can't get the horrible images of desperate, terrified mice out of my mind. These traps are horrifying. I can't get the horrible images of desperate.
Whoever designed this product obviously grills differently than how we do it in the US. These mats are not suitable for conventional outdoor grilling, where high heat and licks of flame are part of the process. These mats are suitable to use in place of parchment paper on your cookie sheets. I grill because I want to create nice crusty sear marks on my foods, whether it be steaks, burgers, kabobs, veggies, seafood or fish. Even when I need to cook foods at a lower-than-high temperature, I still start out by searing the outside. Why bother grilling if that is not the result you are looking for? When I grill over fire (wood or charcoal), even when I try to prevent flare-ups, they happen. And when I crank up the Weber gas grill, it heats to well-over 500 degrees before I toss on the food. Same with my Char Broil infrared grill. The mats are basically like a Silpat mat. Mats are NOT suitable for live fire grilling: Why? Because you can NOT allow flame to touch them. Mats are NOT suitable for searing: Why? Because you can NOT allow temperature to go over 500 degrees Fahrenheit. With these mats, you will definitely prevent your grill grates from getting messy, but you will never be able to create a Maillard Effect (caramelization), because you will never be able to get the mats hot enough to create a sear. And, if you've used a marinade, and if your food becomes juicy, the liquid will run off the mat because there is no lip… Hmmmm… So you will still get flare-ups and you will still get your grates messy. ABOUT THE SKEWERS: They, also, are limited in use: The tips are rounded, not pointy and sharp for easy piercing. These rounded tips mangle delicate seafood and veggies. Forget trying to skewer tomatoes, onion rings, peppers or shrimp. Take a close look at the middle picture, you can see how rounded the tips are. Also, notice that the tips are a bigger diameter than the rest of the skewer. What that means is this: You thread the food over the tips and create a big hole. Then you slide it onto the very pliable thinner cable. Your food will definitely NOT hold in place. It swings around and flops around on the narrow cable, because it started out by going through a big hole. And I'm not sure how this replaces aluminum foil or how it can be used effectively for roasting: Foil wraps any way you want it to, and it can keep fluids contained so you don't lose the juices and so you don't dirty a pan. These mats are flat and will always be flat and fluid will run right off of it. All around this is a very bad idea for the grill. *I received a sample product from TeiKis for review, and I'm not a wimp and not afraid to hand out one-star reviews when they are warranted. If I had paid money for this crap, I would be livid right now. I don't regret spending the time writing a review on it--my ultimate goal is to help customers think through their decisions to buy, before they hit the buy-button, and before things get ugly when they open a package and are disappointed by what they find inside. WARNING: Suitable for non-seared, lower heat situations only.
This is that very thin material. It is not heavy canvas. It is probably okay for a mild climate, but will not last more than one season with heavy snow or rain. We had a table cover made out of this thin material and the wind shredded it after only two months. Spend the extra money and get a heavy duty cover. Light Material. Not heavy duty.

