CRAWLEY, Henry (39, horse keeper), stealing one horse, the goods of Frederick William Parratt; fraudulently converting to his own use and benefit the sum of  2 12s. 10d. with which he had been entrusted on account of Frederick William Parratt. Mr. Gerald H. Carter prosecuted. The charge of fraudulent conversion was proceeded with. FREDERICK WILLIAM PARRATT, Ilbray, near Farnham, contractor. On December 18 I took ten horses down to the Elephant and Castle Horse Repository and sold nine of them. I then saw prisoner, whom 1 had known for some time, in the yard, and told him to take the remaining grey mare to the Barbican Horse Repository next morning and I would probably be there. He agreed and asked me for a shilling, which I gave him. The next morning I did not go to the Barbican; the next time I saw prisoner was on January 1. I never received any money. I did not give prisoner authority to sell the horse; his business was to take it to the Barbican and hand it over there. RICHARD LAMPELL, contractor. On December 18 I was at the Elephant and Castle Horse Repository, when I saw prosecutor tell prisoner to take a grey mare to the Barbican Horse Repository the next morning, saying he would be there. Prisoner asked for a shilling, which prosecutor gave him. On January 1 I saw prisoner again at the Elephant and Castle Horse Repository. He asked me where Parratt was and said, "Has he got the rug?" I said, "Yes." He said, "Has he got the postal orders?" I said, u No. Parratt was at the police court, you had better come and see him." We then went to the police court and then to the police station, where we found prosecutor; prisoner was detained and charged with converting this money to his own use. HERBERT GEORGE STOLLERY, auctioneer, Barbican Horse Repository. On December 19 prisoner brought a grey mare to the Barbican Horse Repository and entered it for sale as the property of "Henry Crawley, 16, Winch Street, Walworth," to be sold to the best bidder at that day's sale without reserve. WILLIAM ROLAND SELL, clerk to the last witness. On December 19, at about 11 a.m., prisoner told me be had sold the grey mare to a man named Osborne for  3. I booked the sale, and Osborne paid me the  3. I deducted 7s. 2d. for commission and stamps and paid the remaining  2 12s. 10d. to prisoner on the following Saturday, for which he signed receipt produced. WILLIAM OSBORNE, 137, Merrick Road, Clapham Junction. On December 19 I bought a grey mare from prisoner for  3. Detective-sergeant John Digby, City Police. On January 1 I saw prisoner in custody at Kennington Lane Police Station and told him I was a police-officer and that. Mr. Parratt had given him into custody for stealing a grey mare on December 18 last. He said, "How can that be stealing when I sold it as they told me to?" He then produced the invoice for the horse, and said, "That is what I sold it for." I conveyed him to Moor Lane Police Station. When charged he said he would like to volunteer a statement. He was then cautioned by the inspector on duty and made the following statement, which the inspector took down in my presence: On December 18, 1911, I was at the Horse Repository at the Elephant and Castle, when Mr. Parratt asked me if I was out of work, and I said, "Yes, I am doing nothing." He said, "Go with Dan" a man well known at the Elephant and, Castle Repository "to Waterloo Railway Station to fetch ten horses." Dan and I fetched the horses and took them into the above repository. The horses were ticketed and put up for auction; nine were sold, with one set of harness, and one grey mare was not sold. I afterwards saw Mr. Parratt; he then told me to take the grey mare the following morning to the Barbican to put her up for sale there. I took her to the Barbican and waited for Mr. Parratt to meet me as he had previously told me, but I did not see him; later I saw Mr. Osborne, a horse dealer and greengrocer. I said to him, "We were looking for you last night to buy that mare." I told him Mr. had not turned up. I asked him how much it was worth for him. Osborne had previously seen the same horse in the Elephant and Castle Repository and he knew it belonged to Mr. Parratt. Osborne said, "I won't give you more than  3 for it." I said, "Will you give  3?" Osborne said, "Yes." I then took him in the office and he paid the money. I received the voucher the same day I took the horse to the Barbican. I took the horse away to Mr. Osborne's place at Battersea and he paid me 5s. On the following Thursday I drew the money. I sent  2 7s. 6d. to Parratt in postal orders, two for  1, one for 5s., and one for 2s. 6d., and the balance I kept for my own expenses; taking the horse there and cleaning it. I also sent to Parratt by rail the same day (Thursday) a rug and halter', which Parratt has received, but he has not received the letter and postal orders. This statement is made by me voluntarily. Henry Crawley. Verdict, Guilty. Convictions proved: Southwark Police Court, sixteen weeks' hard labour for robbing a fellow-prisoner after being arrested for drunkenness; 1902, bound over at the County of London Sessions for assault. Prisoner was stated to be an associate of horse thieves. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour. HANCOCK, William Thomas (30, postman), pleaded guilty of stealing a postal packet containing a postal order for 10s., the property of His Majesty's Postmaster General, he being an officer of the Post Office. Prisoner was stated to have been employed by the Post Office for eight years as an auxiliary postman at a wage of 12s. 9d. a week; he also earned about 10s. a week as a furniture porter. He probably stole for his wife, who had been in very delicate health for some time and has since died. Sentence: Three months' imprisonment, second division. CHAPMAN, Charles John (21, postman), pleaded guilty of stealing a postal packet containing two postal orders for 20s. each, the property of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, he being an officer of the Post Office. Prisoner, who was an unmarried man earning 23s. a week as a postman, was stated to have admitted having stolen 470 letters. Sentence: Ten months' hard labour. RICHARDS, Stephen (26, postman), pleaded guilty of stealing a postal packet containing one purse, 5s. and two halfpenny stamps, and a postal packet containing 15s., a pair of sleeve links and three penny postage stamps, in each case the property of His Majesty's Postmaster General, he being an officer of the Post Office. Prisoner, who had been in the service of the Post Office since 1899, was earning  1 11s. a week as a postman. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour. STEVENS, George (33, traveller), pleaded guilty of stealing a dressing bag containing a quantity of jewellery and other articles, the goods of Catherine McMillan; also stealing a bag containing jewellery and other articles, the goods of Miss Chad wick. Prisoner was proved, by comparison of finger prints, to have been sentenced in 1905, in Heidelberg, South Africa, to 10 years' hard labour for house breaking and theft after three previous convictions; he was released after five years' detention owing to ill health. He now admitted that he was so convicted. Sentence: Three years' penal servitude. FLACK, George (18, labourer), pleaded guilty of stealing  2 9s., the moneys of Joseph Piper, his master; having been entrusted with the said sum of  2 9s., unlawfully did fraudulently convert the same to his own use and benefit. Prisoner was bound over at the Thames Police Court in January, 1911, under a probation officer, to be of good behaviour for 12 months for stealing oats. His parents were very poor, and he had not been properly fed in his youth. Sentence: Three years' detention in a Borstal prison. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Tuesday, January 30.) KIRBY, George (21, shoemaker), and ROCKALL, William (19, painter), unlawfully possessing counterfeit coin with intent to utter the same; Kirby, feloniously possessing a mould upon which was impressed the obverse and reverse sides of a shilling. Prisoner pleaded guilty of possessing the counterfeit coin. Mr. Whiteley, for the prosecution, stated that he did not proceed with the other indictment against Kirby. A conviction in 1909 was proved against Kirby for stealing; since his release he had endeavoured to obtain employment, but without success. A conviction in December last year, when he was bound over, was proved against Rockall; since then, although helped, he had had no regular employment. Sentences: Kirby, Ten months' hard labour; Rockall, Nine months' hard labour. (Judge Lumley Smith stated that he had taken into account in sentencing Rockall that he had been previously bound over.) KAPLAN, Abraham (18, cabinetmaker), unlawfully uttering a counterfeit florin to Frances Lawrence knowing the same to be counterfeit, and on the same day uttering another counterfeit florin to Joseph Lawrence knowing the same to be counterfeit. Mr. Whiteley prosecuted; Mr. Eustace Fulton defended. ROSE LAWHENCE, dressmaker. My mother keeps a tobacconist's shop at 94, Lillie Road, Fulham. Between 9.30 and 9.45 p.m. on December 30 I was in the parlour at the back of the shop when I noticed through the window prisoner come in. He asked for a packet of cigarettes, which mother gave him. He tendered a florin, and she said to him, "This is bad," but she tried it and as it had a ring she passed it. She put it on the side of the till. Prisoner went out. Mother then showed me this florin (Exhibit 2). About 11.45 p.m. on a Saturday evening a fortnight after I saw him in the shop again. I said to my brother in his presence, "That is the man who came in a fortnight ago." Prisoner made no reply. I went for a constable. Cross-examined. From the parlour I cannot help seeing people who come into the shop. On the first occasion he was in the shop about three minutes and I was looking at him all the time. I noticed what a smart fellow he looked. When I saw prisoner the second time I had heard there was some question about a florin. Re-examined. My attention had been drawn to him by his smart looks, and I remembered him afterwards by the fact that mother had called my attention to him. FRANCES LAWRENCE, sister of last witness. I am 13 1/2 years old. At about 9.30 p.m. on January 13 prisoner came in and asked for a packet of "Player's Weights." I gave them to him and he gave me this florin (Exhibit 3) and I gave him 1s. 11d. change. I had rather a doubt about it, but I did not say anything. I put it on the till where there was no other florin. I went to bed at 10 p.m. I saw my sister about 2 a.m. I identified prisoner on January 23. Cross-examined. I recognise the florin by the date. I did not say anything about it before I went to bed because I forgot. When my sister woke me up we discussed prisoner's appearance. She asked me whether I had taken the other bad florin found in the till and I said I had. JOSEPH LAWRENCE, 94, Lillie Road. My mother is ill. Just before 12 p.m. on January 13 prisoner came in and asked for a packet of "Player's Weights." I gave them to him and he gave me this florin (Exhibit 1). 1 found it was 'bad and sent my sister Rose for a constable. He said he did not know it was bad. My sister said, "That's the man who came in a fortnight ago." When the constable came I handed him the florin (Exhibit 1), the florin (Exhibit 2) which my mother gave me a fortnight previous, and the florin (Exhibit 3) which I had found that day in the till; there were no other florins in the till then. Cross-examined. All the coins bear different dates and I suppose they come from different moulds. Exhibit 1 is a good imitation and if I had not tested it I should have passed it. SIDNEY WILLIAM SMITH, Assistant Assayer, H.M. Mint. Exhibits 1, 2, and 3 are counterfeit florins bearing dates 1907, 1909, and 1910. Police-sergeant ISAAC PENNY, 39 B. At 12 p.m. on January 13 I was called to 94, Lillie Road, where I saw prisoner in custody of prosecutor. Prosecutor said, "I want to give this man into custody for passing bad money," and he handed me Exhibit 1, saying that prisoner had given ft to him for a packet of cigarettes. He handed me also Exhibit 2, saying that prisoner had tendered it fourteen days ago, and Exhibit 3, which he said had been tendered that evening. Prisoner said nothing. On searching him I found 8s. 6d. in silver and 3d. in bronze (good money), a packet of cigarettes, a pawnticket, and a latchkey. On the way to the station he said, "This is the first time I have been this way." When charged he made no reply. Cross-examined. He was very cool. Police-sergeant GEORGE GARNER, B Division. Prisoner was brought before the magistrate on January 15 and was remanded. He was further charged on January 23. He made no reply. Frances Lawrence was not asked to identify him until the 23rd, because we were not in possession of all the facts until then. Cross-examined. I knew on the evening of January 15 that she could identify prisoner, but she had no opportunity of doing so until the 23rd because he was in Brixton, and no good purpose would be served because he was coming up to the court on the 23rd. (Defence.) ABRAHAM KAPLAN (prisoner, on oath), cabinet maker, Hackney Road. I have never been charged with any sort of offence before. I work for my father. At 9 p.m., on January 13, I went to keep an appointment with a girl friend, who lives in Fulham, outside Walham Green Station. I did not see her. I went into the tobacconist's shop to buy some cigarettes. I did not know the florin I tendered was a bad one. I had never been in the shop before. I had got the florin in change for half-a-crown on the tramcar I had taken on my way to Walham Green. Cross-examined. My father gives me 3e. 6d. a week spending money. Joseph Lawrence showed the florin I had given him to his mother in the shop and she said it was a bad one; she was serving as well. On December 13 I was walking up and down Shoreditch with a friend named Shurman from 7 till 9.15 p.m.; we then went into the "Queen's Head" in Bethnal Green and played bagatelle till about 11.30. I did not say anything about this at the police court. I was in the train going to Aldgate at 9 p.m., on January 13. The reason why I was at Fulham at 11.45 was because I thought I might see her. When I started out that evening I had 11s. 1d. on me which I had got for a job I did repairing a washstand for A. M. Hatto, of Waterloo Road. JAMES SHEDDEN, french polisher, 47, Mansfield Street. I have known prisoner some years and he has always been a hard-working, good lad. On December 30 (I know the date because it was a fortnight before he was arrested) I saw him in company with Shurman close on 12 o'clock at the corner of Virginia Road, Brick Lane. I spoke to them. I went with prisoner as far as his home. HARRY SHURMAN, tailor, Taplow Buildings, Mount Street, Bethnal Green. On Saturdays and Sundays I always go out with prisoner. On the evening of December 30 I met him at the corner of Brick Lane and we walked up Shoreditch to look for girls. Not seeing any we went to the theatre, but it was full up. We then went to the "Queen's Head" and played bagatelle till about 11.30 p.m. On coming out Shedden met us at the corner of Virginia Road and I left them. I have not seen prisoner since he has been in custody. Cross-examined. The day after he had been arrested I heard that he had been arrested for passing a bad florin that evening. I did not go to the police court because I thought they would soon let him out; I did not believe it was so serious. When he did not come out I told his mother he had been with me that evening. I did not go to the police court on the following Tuesday week because I was not asked and I did not think it would be necessary. I first made a statement last Friday. Verdict, Not guilty. BEFORE MR. JUSTICE RIDLEY. (Wednesday, January 31.) HUMPHREYS, William Castle (28, cab cleaner), was indicted for, and charged on the coroner's inquisition with, the wilful murder of George Edward Humphreys. Mr. Bodkin, Mr. Travers Humphreys, and Mr. Roome prosecuted; Mr. Inskip and Mr. Bankes defended. JAMES WILLIAM FRANK WATSON, motor driver, 18 Merrow Street, Walworth (ground floor). Prisoner lives with his family on the second floor; I have only seen him passing along the passage. In January he was in employment on the Tube Railway. About 8.30 p.m. on January 11 I heard a smashing noise from upstairs, and afterwards a cry for help. I went up to his flat, which I found in darkness. Three or four women were standing outside; I did not see Mrs. Humphreys. I struck a light and saw prisoner standing on a chair just inside the door, which was open, doing something to the gasmeter. I asked him why he did not let the missus fetch the baby out; I could hear the baby crying. I did not see his missus or the children then. He got off the chair and said, "If the missus wants it she must come and fetch it herself." I remember now that Mrs. Humphreys had asked me to go and get the baby out. When I first went up there I made an attempt to get the baby out, and he stopped me and made the statement that I have said. Mrs. Humphreys seemed frightened to come into the room, but at the finish she walked over to the perambulator and took the child out. There was no light in the room then, but there was light from the passage. She screamed, "He has murdered the baby." I took the baby from her and bathed its face, which was smothered in blood, in another room. Prisoner was standing still when she took the baby from the pram, and I left him there. About 8.50 p.m. the baby was taken to the hospital. I went out on business and returned at about 11.15. A telegram came which when prisoner saw he said, "I am expecting that." He went upstairs and got his hat and coat on. When he came down I asked him if I should go to the hospital with him and he agreed. We took a tram, and on the way I asked him how the accident had happened to the baby. He said, "It was no accident; I knifed it. The other two can think themselves lucky the knife broke." He seemed very strange; he spoke as if nothing had occurred. We reached the hospital as the operation was on. When returning home with him I asked him how he came to break the gas bracket. He said he had picked up a chair and with one stroke had broken it down and that he had also tried to break the window with the chair, but that was too strong. I asked him if the gas was really safe, and he said he had cut a cork and made a mixture with some butter, milk, and sugar and plastered the place up to prevent the gas from escaping. On going into the room I found that this was what had 'been done. (Here prisoner interrupted stating that when on the chair he had turned the gas off at the meter and that he had stopped the gas up when he came from the operation.) I spoke to the policeman about the other children. MARGARET DALY, 96, Merrow Street. About 8.45 p.m. on January 11 prisoner called me and I saw him in his room. The only light was a candle on the table. He was wiping his hands with a-towel. He said, "Is the baby all right, missus?" I said, "I don't know if it's all right. It has a terrible gash on its face. We are now taking it to the doctor." I asked him if he had gone mad, and he said, "I will gash her if she comes up before I go out." He appeared very calm; his manner was at if he had done nothing. I went with Mrs. Humphreys and the baby to the hospital. On returning I went with Mr. Ellis to see prisoner. I told him the baby was in the hospital in a critical condition, and he said, "Is she waiting for it?" meaning his wife. I said, "Yes'; that they would not allow it out as it was so ill And that she was waiting to see what happened to it. I asked him if he would go to the hospital. He said at first he would not go and then said, "Is she going to stay all night?" I said, "She may do, and she may come home with you if you go." He said, "If she's going to stay all night she can get on with the business. I'll go to bed." Ellis at first asked what was the matter, and he said there had been some disturbance, that things had been going wrong for a long lime, and he would put them right and he would put them right in his own way. He mentioned the fact that the other children had been lucky; I think he meant that they had been lucky to escape injury, but I did not know that he meant with a knife. I then went to the hospital and subsequently prisoner came in. Cross-examined. It was fifteen minutes after I first saw him that 1 speak as to his condition being calm. In reply to Mr. Ellis the actual words that he used were, "There has been a little upset." Police-sergeant WALTER PEARMAN. About 12.15 p.m. on January 12 I, with another officer, went to prisoner's flat. He was there with two children. I said, "What was this disturbance about up here last night?" He said, "I done it in a fit of temper. I hope it will get over it. It has gone to the hospital." Handing me this broken tableknife, he said, "The other piece has stuck in its mouth. I am glad the knife broke, or I should have done more damage." I said I should arrest him and take him to the station pending inquiries. He said, "Very well; you know what to do." He then came quietly with me to the station. This piece of metal (produced) corresponds exactly with the stump of the blade. CHARLESS VERNON ANDERSON, House surgeon, St. Thomas's Hospital. On the night of January 11, deceased, a child few months was in brought in suffering from a wound on the upper lip. in which there was still this piece of metal (produced), which was protruding through the palate, not through the wound in the upper lip; the wound in the palate was caused by its entrance. I saw it extracted. I do not think the two wounds were caused at one and the same time. The piece of metal, in my view, entered 2 1/2 to 2 3/4 inches. There had been considerable bleeding from the lip wound and not so much from the palate, as it was plugged by the metal. Having regard to the character of the palate of a child of that age excessive force would not be required, although the knife was wedged in tightly. At about 10.30 p.m. it was extracted. The child was suffering from considerable shock, but progressed satisfactorily till the following Thursday, the 18th, when it developed symptoms of meningitis, which got worse. On the 19th I performed an operation; I passed a needle into the spine so as to withdraw some of the fluid produced there by the inflammation of the coverings of the brain; the fluid extracted showed that the child was suffering from meningitis. The operation was a necessary one. It died on the following day. I assisted in the post-mortem. The body was that of a healthy child, and the cause of death was meningitis. The wound in the palate, in its course, must be presumed to have pierced the cavity at the back of the nose, as it could not be found entering the cranial cavity itself; the knife must have curved forward, it being somewhat pliable. I cannot tell at what point the meningitis commenced. The division between the skull and the nose is a very thin bone with very small openings, but this had not been pierced. There are a considerable number of causes of meningitis; it is caused by organisms and their mode of entrance may be unknown; on the other hand, it may be through the nose or the ear. In this case it might be due to an extension of inflammation from the nasal cavity, or it might be due to an infection, in which case we could not determine the mode of entrance. We found no obvious inflammation in the nasal cavity; there must have been a place where the knife entered, but we could not find any trace of it; it was 10 days after the knife had entered that we examined it. One might not be able to see inflammation, yet there might be such if one were to use a microscope; this was not done. Such a wound as this was would be likely to cause inflammation, which might have disappeared by January 22, the date of the post-mortem, from visual examination. It is unlikely, however, that it could have been present in such a form as to be communicated to the lining of the brain and yet disappear from visual examination. I say it is possible, under the circumstances, that the meningitis originated from that wound, but I cannot say definitely one way or the other; it is a thing you would look out for, but it would not follow in every case. The meningitis could not have been present on January 11 or 12. No other cause for it could be discovered than this wound. I do not think that the extraction of the metal would set it up; the length of time for the symptoms to display themselves would be 20 to 24 hours from the first moment of the inflammation of the brain lining. Cross-examined. Meningitis is quite a common form of death in children; it may arise from natural causes. If arising from a wound one expects to be able to trace the connection between that and the disease, and in this case I found no local inflammation at all, or injury to the membrane of the brain. There are various forms of meningitis, some being associated with pneumonia. The same organism which causes pneumonia was present in this case. If this meningitis had been due to the wound, one would expect local sepsis, and one would also expect meningitis to supervene sooner than it did. Re-examined. The wound was not septic, but the knife may have actuated the organisms which are present in the respiratory organs of a normal person and so cause inflammation which might communicate itself to the train membrane. There was no pneumonia in this child's body, and that may be disregarded. The organisms I found in the fluid may be present in an inactive condition in the respiratory organs of a healthy person. Detective-inspector THOMAS DUGGAN, L Division. At 8.30 a.m. on January 12 I saw the deceased in the hospital. I saw prisoner a little later and told him he would be charged with the attempted murder of the child and cautioned him. He said, "All right. I have got to stay in prison and go for trial; I suppose I don't go out at all. I did not know it would be so serious a charge after it had got over the operation; that is between me and you. I thought I was detained to see how the child was getting on." When charged, he said, "Yes." The same evening I went with other officers to his flat where I saw some broken crockery on the floor, a bent gas bracket, and some child's clothing stained with blood. When charged with wilful murder he made no reply. (Defence.) EDITH EMILY HUMPHREYS. I have been married to prisoner five years. Since July last he has been employed as carriage cleaner on the Underground Railway, but before then he was fourteen months out of employment. Before that he was a french polisher. About a year ago he was very queer with his head; he was very strange, not bodily ill; he did not seem as though He could help what he said or did. Last May he went to the doctor four times; since then he has not been at all. On January 11 he got home at about 10.45 a.m. and started taking the paper chain from the wall to give to the children to play with. I asked him to mind them while I went out and got the dinner, and on my return found he had gone to bed and was asleep. At about 8.20 p.m. he came down and started having his supper, when he jumped up, threw a chair at me, and knocked the gasbracket down, leaving the room in darkness. I made for the door, but found him standing there. He said, "You don't get over me this time." He caught hold of me and then let go. I got outside and saw the neighbours. I asked for the little children to be got out, and they were got out. I asked Watson to get the baby out, and he did so. The other children were in the room when all this happened. Cross-examined. In April, 1910, he left Reed and Gregory's, where he had been about thirteen years. I have known him altogether seven years. He has been strange some time; he used to wake up with his head bad and say he used to suffer with it. One day he said he would cut my head off because he thought I had been talking about him, but he was all right directly after. I had not said anything about him. He appeared quite rational, only angry. We were always happy together and he loved his children the youngest most of all. He appeared strange and vacant in his manner this last two years and has frequently said he was mad and did not know it, when he has found himself in the wrong. He has said if people only knew what pains he had in his head they would pity him. Ever since May, 1910, I have been constantly on the alert lest he might do me some injury; he had threatened me once or twice. Nothing in his behaviour on this day made me think there was anything wrong with him. I did not see the knife which was on the table in his hand. SIDNEY REGINALD Dyer, Medical Officer, Brixton Prison. As the result of my observation of prisoner I have come to the conclusion that he is now and has been for some time insane; his mental condition has cleared up a little under treatment, but he has hallucinations and delusions. I consider him to be very dangerous to both himself and to others; he is very muddled and confused. I think it is probable he will not get better; the attacks, which are periodical, may appear at any moment. If his impulsive insanity is due to lead poisoning I think his condition will improve. Cross-examined. My own opinion is that it is probably due to heredity, but it has been very difficult to get any history of him. The jury, on being asked by Mr. Justice Ridley to state their view, said they were of opinion that prisoner was insane at the time he committed the act. Mr. Justice Ridley stated that it was now for the jury to find whether the wound inflicted was the cause of the meningitis which had led to the death of the deceased. The following further evidence on this point was called for the defence. THEOPHILUS B. HYSLOP, M.D. I have seen prisoner and agree with Dr. Dyer's conclusion as to his state of mind. It seems to me very likely that it is due to lead poisoning arising from the nature of employment. I did not see deceased, but from the evidence I have heard today I think it is remotely possible, yet extremely improbable, that there may have been some connection between the meningitis and the wound for the following reasons: Firstly, had there been any local injury to the base of the skull the inflammation would have been propagated to the membranes at the site of the injury; and secondly, the local meningitis would have appeared almost immediately after the injury, neither which had happened. Had there been a poisoned instrument used undoubtedly meningitis would have supervened. There was no definite inflammation at the possible site of any infection. Meningitis occurs in children from causes which are not capable of being discovered. Cross-examined. With a healthy child having a wound in this position one of the things you would look out for would be local meningitis at the base of the brain; you would not get meningitis in the wound itself. The fact that there was no sign of inflammation in the wound is consistent with it having existed and disappeared at the time of the post-mortem; but it would not have, while existing, communicated itself to the linings of the brain without the child crying out, of which there is no evidence. I think if there had been any local inflammation it would not have cleared up as quickly as it did. It is quite possible that although this was a healthy child meningitis was set up from some natural causes within a week of this injury. Re-examined. I agree with Dr. Anderson that it is possible the meningitis was the result of the wound, but I am not able to go further than that. Meningitis can either be local or general inflammation, and if due to a wound it is local. (There being a dispute as to whether Dr. Anderson had said there was a local inflammation or not he was recalled.) C. V. ANDERSON (recalled). Further examined. In this case there was general meningitis; I should not imagine that this arose from local meningitis, because there was no sign of the brain membrane being affected primarily. I do not know that the fact that there was no local inflammation assists me to deal with the question whether the wound was the originating cause of the meningitis. Verdict, Not Guilty. Mr. Bodkin stated that there was another indictment charging prisoner with wounding with intent to murder and wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm. Mr. Inskip stated that prisoner would plead guilty to unlawfully wounding. The jury were sworn to try prisoner on the indictment indicated by Mr. Bodkin. Mr. Justice Ridley stated that he would not like, under the circumstances, to take a verdict of guilty of unlawful wounding, whereupon Mr. Inskip, after consulting with prisoner, stated that prisoner would plead guilty of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm. Mr. Bodkin suggested that Dr. Dyer should be recalled to state again his opinion of prisoner's state of mind, so that the jury could find that he was insane at the time that he committed the act. Dr. DYER was accordingly recalled, and repeated his statement that in his opinion that at the time prisoner committed the offence he was insane and did not know the nature and quality of his act. In accordance with Mr. Justice Ridley's direction, the jury returned a verdict of Guilty of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm, but at the time he committed the act he was insane, so that he was not responsible for what he did. The prisoner (who protested that he had given his counsel the charge, and that he wanted the jury to say whether he was guilty or not) was ordered to be detained until His Majesty's pleasure be known. GONZEWSKI, Vincent (26, stickmaker). Feloniously shooting at Victoria Gonzewski, with intent to murder her. Feloniously shooting at John Chesnovski, with intent to murder him. Mr. Muir, Mr. Travers Humphreys, and Mr. Briggs prosecuted; Mr. TullyChristie defended. The indictment relating to Victoria Gonzewski was first proceeded with. JOHN CHESNOVSKI, 3, Pelham Street. I have known prisoner five years. I at one time lived at 52, Buross Street. When prisoner lived at No. 29 his wife used to go to his house to scrub the floor. They subsequently left and went to 157, Cannon Street Road where I went and took a separate room. I remember an occasion when he came in and found me and his wife in the room and there was a quarrel. He left his wife after that and did not come back any more. I then lived with her as man and wife, first going to Christian Street and then to my present address, where I have been four months and two weeks. Shortly after I went there I met prisoner in Commercial Road and asked him if he wanted his wife and he said he would not have her. I did not see him again until January 15. At 1.15 p.m. on that day his wife and I went home. I sat between the table and the bed and she sat with her back to the door. After we had been here five minutes prisoner opened the door and started shooting. I tried to shut the door but could not do so properly. He shot six times and I was hit on the hand and the forehead. He tried to reload, but I do not know whether he succeeded or not. I got away the revolver from him and hit him on the head with it. Just before the police arrived he bit my thumb. His wife was lying on the floor, prisoner having shot at her three times. Cross-examined. I had had no quarrel with prisoner. I did not see whether he fired first at me or his wife. He knew I was living with his wife. I was by the door when he started shooting. I could not get the door shut quite, and he shot through the small opening; he shot and broke the glasses in the door also. I was hit three times. JOHN LAPINSKI, skin dresser, 67, Christian Street. I have known prisoner and his wife about seven years; they come from the same part of Russian Poland as I do. Three weeks ago last Sunday I was in a beershop in the Commercial Road when he came in. He said, "What have you got to do with my wife?" I said, "I cannot help her. You can do what you like." He said, "I will shoot at my wife and the man what is living with my wife." PERCY GOODMAN, registered medical practitioner. At about 1.30 p.m. I was called to 22, Newman's Buildings, Pelham Street, where I found a woman lying on the floor. I found two bullet wounds on the back of the chest on the right and left of the spine, extending round the ribs (they had not penetrated the cavity of the chest), one on the left side of the chest extending backwards around the ribs, one in the abdomen on the left side below the ribs, and one which had gone through the left arm without touching the bone. I dressed them temporarily and she was taken to the hospital. I did not examine Chesnovski. The woman's wounds were serious, but not likely to cause death. I picked up these three bullets and portions of a fourth (produced), and gave them to the sergeant. ALBUBY BARKER, chief surgeon, London Hospital. Victoria Gonzewski, on January 15, was brought to the hospital suffering from five bullet wounds. We extracted this bullet (produced) from the left side of the chest. She had two wounds in the left upper arm, apparently caused by a bullet passing through, a wound on the left side of the chest, which may possibly have been caused by the same bullet that went through the arm, and a bullet had gone through the right side close to the spine and come out at the left side of the chest; this led about 14 hours afterwards to paralysis of both legs. I do not' think she will recover the use of them. She will not be able to leave the hospital for certainly under a month, and it is possible that complications may ensue which will prevent her leaving at all; she is in a very serious condition. Cross-examined. It is possible that only two shots may have struck her. (To the Court.) My description of the wounds differs somewhat from that of Dr. Goodman, who made only a hasty examination. Three wounds might have been caused by the same bullet. Divisional-surgeon PERCY JOHN CLARKE, Commercial Street Police Station. At 1.45 p.m. on January 15 I was called to Newman's Buildings, where I saw Chesnovski. At the station I found that the nail of his right thumb was torn almost completely off; he had a contused wound just below the right elbow, which might have been caused by a bullet, a clean cut in the palm of his left hand, which extended down to the bone, probably caused by some sharp instrument, a contused wound on the right side of the forehead, another on the left side of the head, and other minor scratches and abrasions. The cut in the palm was the most serious. Prisoner was suffering from two contused wounds on the top and on the right side of the head, which might have been caused by a blow from the handle of this revolver. He smelt strongly of alcohol. Police-constable THOMAS GILLAN, 257 H: At 115 p.m. on January 15, I was called to Newman's Buildings. On arriving there I heard a shot fired from the upper parts of the building. I went Up the staircase, where I saw prisoner, who pointed a revolver at me. I stepped back and gave my whistle to a private person to call for assistance. Police-constable 127 arrived, and we went up on to the landing. He put his helmet on his truncheon and put it round the corner to draw the fire. As there was no firing we went along the landing and we saw Chesnovski and prisoner standing against the wall. Chesnovski handed the revolver to Police-constable 127, who asked him who had done this, and Chesnovski pointed to prisoner. We arrested them both and took them to the station. I saw a woman lying down in one of the rooms, and she was attended to by one of the constables. Police-constable ERNEST POOL, 127 H corroborated, and added: "I called out in Yiddish "when going" up the stairs, 'What's the matter?' and I received an answer in a foreign tongue which I did not understand." ROSIE GOTTHELF, 23, Newman's Buildings. I occupy the room next to Chesnovski's. I knew the woman who lived in that room as "Victoria "; they had lived there four months. About 1.20 p.m. on January 11. I was in my room when I heard shooting and a woman scream. I opened the door and looked out. I saw prisoner in the passage bashing at the door with a revolver he held in his hand. Then he shot through the glass of the door six times. I shut my door, ran to the window and screamed "Police!"I went into the passage with my child and saw prisoner again. I said, "Please let me get down with the child; it is very frightened." He said, "You may go down. You tell nothing." I said I would not and he let me go down. He was alone. Cross-examined. The door of Chesnovski's room was a little open; prisoner held his legs in the door. I could see through it. Divisional Detective Inspector FREDERICK WENSLEY, H Division. At 1.40 p.m. on January 15 I went to 22, Newman's Buildings. Victoria Gonzewski was being brought down. She was taken to the hospital. Both the glass panels of the door were broken, and in one there were apparently two bullet holes. The top rail of the bedstead inside was broken, apparently by a bullet. At the station this revolver was handed to me; it contained five spent and one live cartridge. Prisoner was charged with attempted murder through an interpreter, and he said in English, "Yes, I know." Police-constable AMBROSE RAYNKR, 130 H. On searching prisoner I found these seventeen live cartridges in the left pocket of his macintosh and 13 in the right pocket (produced) which fit the revolver produced. On the landing of outside No. 22, Newman's Building, I found one live and two empty cartridges and a rod used for unloading a revolver (produced). Inside the room I found some piece, of cartridges. From marks on the door, the wall and the rail at the foot of the bed I could see the shots had been fired from outside the door into the room. Verdict, Guilty of wounding with intent to murder. Mr. Muir stated that he did not propose to proceed with the indictment as regards Chesnovski. Sentence: Three years' detention in a Borstal institution. NOWLAND, Daisy (18, servant), pleaded guilty of feloniously throwing upon Kate Stevenson a certain corrosive fluid called vitriol, with intent to do her grevious bodily harm. The prosecutrix's eyes had not been affected, but she would be permanently disfigured. Prisoner had stated she committed the offence because prosecutrix had been "telling tales about her.' She had been bound over, when 16 years of age, for stealing. Sentence: Three years' imprisonment in a Borstal institution. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Wednesday, January 31.) RACKLEY, Elizabeth (53, charwoman), and WATSON, Ada Louisa (23), pleaded guilty of stealing one post letter containing an order for the payment of   3, the property of Ann Schultz. Both forging the endorsement on the said order with intent to defraud. It was stated that prosecutrix was a lodger in the same house as Watson: she moved away, and Watson and Rackley, her aunt, stole a letter containing money sent to prosecutrix by her son and spent the money on drink. Sentence was postponed till next Sessions. GUINEY, Eric Octavius (22, farmer), pleaded guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house of John Mally Colwill and stealing therein one pair of earrings and certain jewellery and money, his goods and moneys; burglary in the dwelling house of Edward Robert Fanser, with intent to steal therein. It was stated that prisoner, who was staying at the Waverley Hotel, Southampton Row, on Christmas Eve stole the master key, entered other people's rooms and stole their property. Prisoner, who on December 7 arrived here from South Africa, obtained moneys by means of worthless cheques and bills. Sentence: Twelve months' hard labour. SMITH, John (33, dealer), pleaded guilty of stealing a watch chain, the goods of John Edwin Holder, from his person. Prisoner confessed to having been convicted at Clerkenwell Sessions on February 5, 1907, receiving three years' penal servitude and 3 1/2 years' police supervision for unlawful possession of house-breaking implements by night in the name of Alfred Wilkins. Other convictions proved: May 24, 1910, 12 months' hard labour and license revoked, for assault, at the County of London Sessions; released on license on December 5, 1911, hi  license expiring on January 24, 1912; March 23, 1896, at Worship Street Police Court, bound over for attempted stealing; June 1, 1896, at the same court, six weeks for attempted stealing; November 30, 1896, North London Police Court, six months' hard labour, stealing a watch; North London Sessions, July 6, 1897, 18 months' hard labour, stealing a watch; and on February 15, 1899, 21 months, attempted stealing; at this Court, February 20, 1901, 18 months, attempted burglary; North London Sessions, February 3, 1903, 21 months, attempted stealing; December 20, 1904, two years' hard labour, stealing a bicycle. Prisoner was stated to be a member of a very dangerous gang of thieves. Sentence: Three years' penal servitude. ROBINSON, Sidney (37, labourer), pleaded guilty of, having been entrusted by Edward Charles Payne and others with certain of their moneys, to wit, the sum of   17 10s. 1d., unlawfully did fraudulently convert the same to his own use and benefit. Prisoner, who was a man of very good character, was stated to have stolen the money of the Huston Carriage Cleaners' Mutual Aid Society, of which he was secretary, instead of distributing it among the members. When arrested prisoner's explanation was that he met a woman and went on the drink, and when he awoke the next morning all the money had gone. Prisoner was not addicted to drink. Sentence: Six months' imprisonment, second division. SULLIVAN, John (25, porter), forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain order for the payment of money, to wit, a banker's cheque for  50 4s., with intent to defraud. Mr. Muir prosecuted. CHAELES WOOD, trading as B. Wood and Son, 64, Mark Lane, wine merchants. My firm banks at the Great Tower Street branch of the London Joint Stock Bank. On January 6 I drew cheque (produced) for  1 4s., payable to Paul Dainty and Co.; I crossed it, put it in an envelope, together with invoice, addressed it to 44, Lamb's Conduit Street, and gave it to Davis, my clerk, with instructions to post it. The crossing has now been erased, and the amount has been altered to  50 4s. I gave no one authority to alter the cheque. I do not know prisoner. GEORGE DAVIS, clerk to B. Wood and Son. On January 6 the last witness handed me letter addressed to Messrs. Paul Dainty and Co., 44, Lamb's Conduit Street, which I posted at 10.55 p.m. PAUL DAINTY, of Paul Dainty and Co., 44, Lamb's Conduit Street, wine merchants. Some little time before January 6 I sent invoice for  1 4s. to B. Wood and Son. I have never received that invoice back again or any cheque in payment. Cheque produced is endorsed "Paul Dainty and Co." I neither endorsed that nor gave anybody authority to do so. At about 10 a.m. on Monday, January 8, I found the letterbox broken open and letters missing. GEORGE ERNEST JOHN SWIFT, cashier, London Joint Stock Bank, Great Tower Street. On Tuesday, January 9, at about 12.45 midday, prisoner presented cheque produced. I asked him how he would have it. He replied, "In gold." I saw the crossing had been erased and communicated with my manager. Mr. Wood, whose office is close by, was sent for, and prisoner was arrested. Prisoner said he was out of work, a stranger came up to him in Lamb's Conduit Street, and asked him to cash the cheque in gold, and he would give him a piece of gold for himself. Detective-sergeant JAKES BROWN, City. At 2.20 p.m. on January 9 I saw prisoner at the Minories Police Station. I told him I was a police officer and that he would be charged with forging and uttering a cheque for  50 4s. on the London Joint Stock Bank, 94 and 95, Great Tower Street. He said, "I did not know it was forged; all the man said was 'Go to the Bank,' and I went, and he asked me to cash the cheque for him, and when I got there I was detained for it. The man who gave me the cheque said he would meet me between one and two to-day in Lamb's Conduit Street, and he said when I came back he would give, me a bit of gold. The man was a stranger to me, and I have never seen him before." I asked him if he was willing to write a statement out. He replied, "Yes," and voluntarily wrote out and signed statement produced: "January 9, 1912. I, John Sullivan, residing at 13, Great St. Andrew's Street, Shaftesbury Avenue, W.C. make the following voluntary statement: At about 11 o'clock this morning, that is, January 9, 1912, I met a man in Lamb's Conduit Street, where I was standing. He came to me and said, 'Do you mind going to the bank and cashing a cheque for me, and I said, 'Yes.' He said, 'Very well then, here is the cheque then, hurry up then, and I will meet you here between one and two o'clock; and then he gave me 6d. for my fare there and back, and he told me he would give me a bit of gold when I came back. He told me where the bank was, and I went there, and when I got there I was kept there John Sullivan, 13, Great St. Andrew's Street, Shaftesbury Avenue, W. C." He then wrote a description of the man: "A man between 50. and 60 years of age, 5 ft. 9 in. high, a short man, grey hair, fresh grey moustache. Dress: Dark cloth overcoat, which was buttoned up, dark trousers, brown boots, high silk hat and umbrella, horn handle. He had rather hump shoulders. He had a gentlemanly appearance. I have a slight doubt if I should know the man again if I saw him. John Sullivan, 13, Great St. Andrew's Street, Shaftesbury Avenue. "I went to that address and found bottle (produced) labelled" hydrogen peroxide. "I experimented with the liquid in that bottle, and found that it removed ink writing. I also found paper, three safe keys, two master keys, a key marked "Invincible power-proof lock," two mortice keys, and a latchkey. I showed the keys to prisoner, and told him I had found them wrapped in tissue paper on the mantelpiece of his bedroom. He said he knew nothing about them. I showed him the bottle of acid, and told him I had found it in a cupboard on the floor of the room that he occupied. He said, "I do not know anything about them." He did not share his bedroom with anybody else. Cross-examined. Prisoner did not say the bottle was an old bottle which was there before he came, or that he picked the keys up. Prisoner's statement: "I did not know the cheque was a fraud." (Defence.) MRS. ROSE JAMES, 13, Great St. Andrew's Street. My husband works at a furniture dealer's. Prisoner lodged at my house for about three months. I was present when a detective searched prisoner's room and found bottle (produced) in a cupboard. That bottle was there when I took the house three months ago. Cross-examined. I have known prisoner three or four years; he was a friend of my husband. I have been in court the whole of the time this case has been going on. When I came to the house there were a few old bottles there and I put them in the cupboard to get them out of the way. I could not swear that that was one of the bottles there. Verdict, Guilty. Convictions proved: January 18, 1910, Bow Street Police Court, bound over under the Probation of Offenders Act for stealing money with which he was entrusted; June 20, 1910, Bow Street Police Court, again bound over for giving the probation officer a lot of trouble; February 21, 1908, he was again bound over at Marlborough Street as a suspected person. Prisoner was stated to have been seen several times in company with a man who answered to the description given by prisoner. Mr. Muir. I do not suppose your Lordship wants any evidence in support of the fact that this kind of fraud and larceny has become very prominent? The Recorder: I have found it so from my experience in this Court. Mr. Muir. No doubt these people act in gangs; there is the person who steals the cheque; the person who puts it down; and the person who forges it. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Wednesday, January 31.) FRYER, Cyril Frederick William (44, architect), being an undischarged bankrupt did unlawfully obtain credit to the extent of  20 and upwards, to wit, to the extent of  100 from the Brompton Motor Company, Limited, and from Harold Arthur Arkwright, a director thereof, without informing them that he was an undischarged bank-rupt; obtaining by false pretences from the said Motor Company and the said H. A. Arkwright a motor car. Mr. Leycester and Mr. Adrian Clark prosecuted; Mr. Hayes defended. HAROLD ARTHUR ARKWRIGHT, director, Brompton Motor Company, Limited, 78, Brompton Road, S.W. Prisoner was introduced to me about the end of May last. He said he wanted to buy two motorcars, that he and his sons might let them out on hire at the Wellington House Hotel. He said he was the architect of the hotel, was one of the principal directors, and had the principal word in the management of the hotel, which was in a very flourishing condition; they were just building a new wing, and it was full up owing to the Coronation, and there was a lot of work for motor-cars, hiring, etc. He showed me a prospectus of the company. He said he was a large holder of shares in the hotel, which he had negotiated the sale of in Paris, and the money was coming definitely in six weeks. I sold him two cars, a Mercedes and a Benz, for  310. He was to pay  100 in cash, and the balance by bill payable in six weeks. I agreed to take 500 shares in Wellington House as collateral security against the bill. He told me there was a market for them in Paris at about 20 francs a share and a dividend of 6 per cent. for three years had been guaranteed. He showed me a contract note showing the shares had changed hands at about 20 francs or 20s. within 12 months. He did not tell me he was an undischarged bankrupt. I should not have parted with the cars if I had thought he was not in a position to pay for them. On June 15 prisoner telephoned that the Mercedes car had arrived, that it was a bigger horse-power than he expected, and asked if I would agree to his only paying  50 down and receiving the other  50 when the other car was delivered; he was just off to Paris, and would send the  50 immediately he got there. I agreed and wrote him confirming same. On the same day I wrote him that on thinking things over I did not consider the sale of the ears complete, as he had not deposited the certificate for the 500 shares, and that I had instructed my man to fetch the Mercedes car back, and that if he wanted the cars we should have to come to quite fresh terms. Cross-examined. When he showed me the contract note I thought the shares had a value and that they could be sold for 20 francs in Paris. He told me Wellington House Hotel was a large hotel in Buckingham Gate, and showed me a picture of it. I have read in the "Evening News" that the Government have bought it for occupation by the officials under the National Insurance Act. I do not know what they have paid. I have not had the shares. I do not assert or dispute that the hotel was doing good business. I did not take much notice of the prospectus because I relied on the bill being met. As to when I first came to the conclusion that there was fraud and false pretences, I told my secretary when I saw the transfer, which I did not like the look of, to find out about the hotel. He was a long time doing it, and as prisoner seemed anxious to have the car in a hurry I let the car go. The moment I had done so I received a message from my secretary saying he had searched the register and could not find that prisoner had any shares in the hotel, that the hotel was in a bad condition financially, that it had a receiver in, and that the shares were in his opinion valueless. We did not take civil proceedings till the bill was dishonoured. I am not certain that I determined to charge him criminally. I do not bother about those things much. I believe my people tried to get the money back by sueing him. We were then going to let the case drop as we heard he was bankrupt and his cheques were being returned in all directions. When I heard the Crown were taking another case up it influenced me considerably. They did not come to me personally. I have four partners. Mr. Williams will know about that. When I heard there were no shares standing in his name I did not consider it worth while to send the blank transfer to the company to get the distinctive number of the shares put in. I thought I might be liable on uncalled capital. I preferred to rely on the bill. I only parted with one car. I had  50 and the blank transfer for 500 shares in respect of that. I think we sued him for  100; we got judgment against him for the full amount he owed us. LEONARD WILLIAMS, director, Brompton Motor Company. Mr. Arkwright handed over to me the conduct of the bargain between himself and prisoner as to the purchase of two motor-cars. On June 14 prisoner signed the two agreements to purchase in my presence. He handed me this bill of exchange. It was dishonoured. He banded me at the same time transfer for 500 shares in the Wellington House Hotel. I did not exercise any judgment in the matter; that had all been arranged by Mr. Arkwright. Cross-examined. As to when I suggested there had been false pretences, I cannot tell you. I have not had a good deal to do with this matter. I merely received the bill on behalf of my firm. GEORGE HAROLD MANSFIELD, 67, Montpelier Rise, Golder's Green. I was secretary to the Brompton Motor Company in June last. I made inquiries about Wellington House Hotel, and reported afterwards to Mr. Arkwright. I saw the transfer, dated June 14. It had no numbers on it. After a conversation with Mr. Arkwright I went to Cannon Street Hotel. On the way I saw the Mercedes car we had delivered to prisoner. The person driving it told me he was Fryer, jun. We received a bank note for  50 from prisoner about June 15. I wrote him at the Hotel Continental, Paris, "I am instructed to acknowledge receipt of your letter offering to return the Mercedes car if the company will return you your payment of  50." After our company obtained judgment against defendant I ascertained that he was an undischarged bankrupt. We have not received the car back or been paid the balance due on it. Cross-examined. Mr. Arkwright told me he had had the transfer given him and asked me whether he should take it as collateral security for the balance owing. After searching the file at Somerset House I was not prepared to advise him to do so. I formed the opinion that supposing we had to fall back on the shares they probably would not realise  500. I found out that some of the shares were not fully-paid, so there was a risk of a call being made upon them. I did not inquire on the Stock Exchange what the shares were worth. I formed my opinion entirely from the file at Somerset House. GEORGE INGLIS BOYLE, messenger, Office of the Senior Registrar in Bankruptcy, produced files showing that prisoner was adjudicated bankrupt in 1891, 1896, and 1907. JOHN WILLIAM ROBERTS, senior examiner, Bankruptcy Office. Prisoner has never applied for his discharge. In the last bankruptcy the liabilities expected to rank were stated to be  5,314 and assets  4,230. Nothing in fact was ever realised, and there is a debit balance of  11 11s. 4d. on the estate. SIR VALENTINE GRACE, Bart. I became a director of Wellington House, Limited, about 1909, and chairman three or four months afterwards. Prisoner introduced me.  75, 000 Debentures were subscribed. A receiver was appointed for the Debenture holders in January, 1911, I think. He had been conducting the business of the hotel for four or five months. I hold 20, 000 shares in the company. The market value of the shares at the beginning of last year was whatever one liked to give. I personally had lent them  1,200 on; he 20, 000 about a year before the receiver was appointed. In June last they would have a certain value; the concern was beginning to turn the corner and do very well. I think from a speculative point of view they might have been worth 3s. a share. I think the Government are going to pay about  4,500 a year rent. The ground rent is  1,500. The Debentures are 4 1/2 per cent. The company is being wound up. Cross-examined. If people lend money at 4 1/2 per cent. it should be almost a, gilt-edged security. People in Paris were negotiating with prisoner to buy a block of shares at 20 francs each before the receiver came in. I thought it my duty to give them notice that there was a receiver in, and a letter was written to that effect. There was no guarantee by anybody of 6 per cent. on the Ordinary shares. If certain negotiations had taken place it might have been guaranteed. FRANCIS RICHMOND, clerk, Registrar of Joint Stock Companies, Somerset House. I produce the file of Wellington House, Limited. It was incorporated February 19, 1909, with an authorised capital of  55, 000 in  1 shares. Practically all were issued.  75, 000 Debentures were issued in January, 1910. On June 28, 1910, a mortgage was registered for  7,971 in favour of Howard McCusack. Prisoner was appointed director. Notice of that was given on July 12, 1910. On July 28, 1910, a contract was made between the company and Palgrave and Co., by which Palgrave and Co. were to receive 5, 000 shares in satisfaction of a debt of  938 owing by the company to them. Palgrave and Co. appears to be prisoner. He is not registered as the holder of any shares. There are other people named Fryer on the register. Mr. Fitton was appointed receiver on January 27, 1911, on behalf of Mr. McCusack. There is an order for the compulsory winding up of the company dated December 19, 1911. There is a contract, dated July 28, 1909, by which the vendor, Thomas Westrup Sweeten ham, sold the lease of the land and buildings to the company for  83, 700. There is no registration on the file of Mr. Sweetenham as secretary. There is. a return of allotments of September 2, 1910, signed by him as secretary. There is nothing signed by him since that. WALTER STANLEY FITTON, solicitor, Newmarket. In June, 1910, I was appointed director of Wellington House, Limited, in the interests of Mr. McCusack. I resigned-January 26, 1911. I was appointed Receiver on January 11, 1911. I have been conducting the business since. Since my appointment prisoner has had nothing to do with the conduct of the business of the hotel. The hotel has never made a profit. Last June the Debenture interest and a half-year's ground rent and rates and taxes were in arrear. They were paid by Mr. McCusack. The value of the shares was discussed at board meetings. I told prisoner in February last that I should inform people that in my opinion their value was nothing. Cross-examined. I am told hotels do not pay dividends in their first or second year. I have no experience of this. If I heard there was a contract for sale of 20, 000 shares in France at 20 francs I should say the market value would depend upon who made the contract. My client advanced  52, 000 in cash, for which he took  65, 000 in Debentures. Then he guaranteed the company's debt for furniture to the extent of  70, 000 odd, for which he took another  10, 000 Debentures as his consideration. EDWARD JAMES RAM, secretary, London Banking Corporation (in liquidation), 32, New Bridge Street, E.C. Defendant had an account at our bank for some years. I produce certified copy of same. (Witness gave evidence that on various dates the account was overdrawn, and that cheques had been returned and re-presented.) Detective-sergeant ALBERT EVE, T. On January 10 last I charged prisoner with having obtained credit for upwards of  20 without disclosing that he was an undischarged bankrupt. He said, I paid the Brompton Motor Company  50 cash deposit on the car and gave a bill for  210. I was advised that it was no offence against the bankruptcy laws to pay a deposit and owe the remainder of the money. (Defence.) CYRIL FREDERICK WILLIAM FRYER (prisoner, on oath). I am the principal of the firm of Palgrave and Co., 28, Victoria Street, S.W. 1 was formerly in partnership with Mr. Palgrave. My holding in the Wellington House Company varied. Sometimes I held 7, 000 or 8, 000 shares. They were held in various names, mostly in the name of my firm, who were the original architects for the hotel. Some were in other names. My wife was an independent shareholder as well as nominee. Five thousand were allotted to Palgrave and Co., and we bad the option of a great many others at a price. I had a contract in Paris to sell those shares. I showed Mr. Arkwright a London Stock Exchange contract a few months before this Paris contract, showing that I had sold these shares at from 18s. 6d. to 20s. 6d. I sold some hundreds, and they were a great factor in bringing about this Paris contract. I designed the hotel, and we had made plans for an additional wing, which they were going on with when the Paris deal was completed. That was part of the arrangement, as then the company would be in funds. The company owed Palgrave and Co. about  1,000, balance for work done. They had originally paid us  3,000 or  4,000 cash; then we did some other work, and I agreed to take the balance in shares, because I had clients in Paris, and I took them on the lines that I could sell them at 12s. or 14s. each. I introduced Sir Valentine Grace as chairman of the company. How the motor deal with the Brompton Motor Company originally came about was, my son had been articled to my chief assistant but did not care for the architect's work and seemed to be very keen on the motor industry, and associated himself with a man named Sadler, who I think knew Mr. Arkwright, and they were very desirous of getting one or two cars for hiring out for the Coronation, as good prices were going to be paid. He had seen one or two cars at Brompton which he thought suitable, and asked me if I would go into this thing and find him one or more cars if my Paris deal came off. I saw Mr. Arkwright and showed him the French contract. I explained that until I received this money from Paris I did not want to pay any money at all, and it would suit me better if he would take the shares in exchange. He told me he did not know much about that class of shares. I answered neither did I; I was an architect, and knew very little about Stock Exchange matters. He said he would think it over. He said, "I see you are going to receive money. You can pay me  100 for the cars and the balance out of the second instalment on your Paris contract." He said, "You must give me a bill. but of course I shall get the shares." I said, "You understand, of course, I propose to pay you out of the second instalment." There were certain things required to be done to the Benz car, which I left my son to see to, as I was leaving for Paris that day or the next. It was subsequently arranged that he should have the 500 shares left with him as collateral security for the bill. There is no truth in the statement that I did not have the property in those 500 shares. Sir Valentine Grace stated at the police-court that we had 4, 000 or 5, 000. I went to the secretary's office before the blank transfer was issued and ascertained there were so many shares to my or my nominee's credit, and arranged that they should debit my account with 500, and they should give me a provisional certified transfer in blank. Those shares have been hypothecated to the transfer. In the corner of the certificate there is "Coupon for 500 shares forwarded to the company's office by C.F.W. Fryer. Certified J.W. Sweetenham, secretary, Wellington House, Limited. "That means that the shares are at the office waiting receipt of that transfer and they are there to this day. I have done all that I. could to transfer those shares. There is no reason why a certificate with distinctive numbers would be more valuable The shares were all fully-paid. I paid the Brompton Motor Company  50 cash when they handed over one car. The bill covered two cars. As I only had one car the bill ought never to have been presented. I had no intention of getting credit. I was advised there is a section of the Bankruptcy Act which says that a bill or post-dated cheque is payment; and it certainly was arranged between Mr. Arkwright and myself that the bill was to be paid out of the second instalment of the French contract. I never got the second instalment. I have delivered the first instalment and hold my solicitor's receipt for  6,400, and he is now suing by my power of attorney for  20, 000 and the return of my deposit. I told Mr. Arkwright or the firm that as I had received no consideration for the bill it would not be met. I was greatly surprised to hear that it had gone in. Cross-examined. My son has the car. He is in the provinces. I last saw it about three months ago. I have not had the money to pay for it. Mr. Arkwright said at the police-court he was satisfied the money should come out of the second instalment. If I did not get that I had my professional income, which was above  2,000 a year. I have not received a penny from Paris in respect of the shares. They are lodged with my solicitor to be transferred to the Paris bank. I did not discover by the middle of June that the deal would not come off. The  500 I deposited was provided by a cheque of the Maritime Securities, Limited, and the London Banking Corporation guaranteed the repayment. I shall have to repay it. No one had guaranteed 6 per cent. interest on the Ordinary shares. (Thursday, February 1.) CYEIL FREDERICK WILLIAM FRYER (prisoner, on oath), further cross-examined. I stated yesterday I had  500 on deposit at Barclay's Bank. I ought to add I had given them a sort of lien upon it for any overdraft that might come to Wellington House Hotel. I do not know if it was at my disposal; I never attempted to draw upon it. It is there now. The motor-car is registered at the L.C.C. in my name or my son's. The reason the sale did not come off in Paris was not that they found out that the interest was not guaranteed. They were share warrants to bearer. A minute had been passed agreeing to a certain number of Ordinary shares being converted into warrants to bearer. they had not been issued; that would have been done simultaneously with the completion of the deal. I did not intend Mr. Arkwright to believe that the shares he was to get were guaranteed by a financial group. 1 heard him say I did, but I fancy he misunderstood me. At the time of the Paris deal I probably had 8, 000 or 9, 000 shares and a call on the whole of Sir Valentine Grace's 2, 500, which I was going to sell as well. If I was not on the board at the time the Receiver was appointed I should have nothing to do with the management of the hotel. I think Mr. Arkwright misunderstood me when he said I told him I was the chief person managing the hotel. I have no recollection of telling him. It is difficult at this time to say, but I should say I did not. It is a fact that I appointed the general manager and had formed the company. Mr. Fitton was appointed a friendly Receiver, not by order of the Court, and the board held their meetings as before. Sweetenham was employed at the hotel in June. I cannot recollect if I had an interview with him before the transfer was drawn up. I daresay I did. He would look to see if the shares were available. Share certificates have been issued in my name and dealt with either in my name or the name of nominees. I let the secretary fill in the numbers as I did not know what were available. I sold some hundreds of the shares at 16s. 6d. on the Stock Exchange between September, 1910, and March, 1911. The contract notes are in Paris. They were sent to me there. I do not think I could recognise the transaction from the transfer book. I did not tell either Mr. Arkwright or Mr. Williams that I was an undischarged bankrupt. I was not obtaining credit; I gave them a bill. I do not think it fair to give the name of the solicitor who advised me that that would be a payment under the Bankruptcy Act. The advice was in writing. Verdict, Guilty, on the first and third counts. Prisoner was further indicted for obtaining from Gertrude Amy Bartlett  46, with intent to defraud. (Another Jury was sworn.) GERTRUDE AMY BARTLETT, Burleigh House, Chelsea. On September 15 I was staying with Miss Emerson at Burwash, Sussex. I saw prisoner there. I had no conversation with him. Next day I came up to London and saw him at 28, Victoria Street. I said I had come about shares in New Picture Palaces, Ltd. He showed me a plan of Prince's Hall, Kew Bridge. He said it would be open by Christmas time and the shares were then worth  2 each. He said they had a lease of the premises for 21 years. I said I thought of having 20 shares. He said they were 25s. each, but if I took 40 he would let me have them for 23s. I said I would ask my husband about it and I would like a paper like Miss Emerson had. He sent it that night. I told him I was only a working woman and did not want to lose my money. He said I would not lose my money, that they had had an expert down from Lon-don belonging to all the picture palaces, who said it would bring in 100 per cent., that he could guarantee me. 100 per cent. himself. He said, "The public do not get the chance of having their money in a good thing like this." He said it was a private company and Sir Valentine Grace was the chairman and also a sleeping partner. Next day I got  46 out of the bank and my husband and I went to 28, Victoria Street. We handed over the money and I signed a transfer. Next day I received from him a certificate for 40 shares in New Picture Palaces, Ltd. On September 26 I went with Miss Emerson to see prisoner. I could not tell you all that he said. He asked if I had been to Kew to see the place; I said I had. It had been a theatre kind of place. He said they had had a board painted, but they had put on the wrong address and it would be all right by to-morrow and if I went again I would see the board up and the Prince's Hall board taken down. I did not go inside. I had implicit faith in him up till the end. I had no notion that the company had not the lease or that the hall was not fully equipped, or that Sir Valentine Grace was not chairman, or I should not have parted with my money. Cross-examined. Prisoner told my husband he had a little bother with the brewers and that I need not worry about my money; it was all right and they were putting on 600 men next week and it would be open by Christmas time. I had faith in him until I saw Mr. Firth, who said there was no lease. I should not have put my money in if I had been told the lease was in course of being signed. He told me everything was signed and settled and he had a 21 years' lease. Miss Emerson first told me about the shares, but did not persuade or advise me to have any. I got prisoner's address from her. He gave it of her to give to me. I said to Mr. Firth, "If you can get my money get it, please, off Mr. Fryer." I cannot remember what he said to that. That was eight or ten days after my husband last saw prisoner. Prisoner was not arrested on my account, but on Miss Emerson's. I did not say Mr. Firth said he would try and get my money. He did not tell me the result of his endeavours. I saw him when I went to make my statement. I have not written him at all. I did not ask about my money afterwards; I knew prisoner was going to be arrested. THOMAS WILLIAM BARTLETT (husband of last witness) gave similar evidence. FRANCIS HUGH RICHMOND, clerk, Registration Department, Somerset House. I produce the file of New Picture Palaces, Limited. It was registered September 13, 1910, with a nominal capital of  5,000 in  1 shares. Up to October 10, 1911, 1, 949 shares were issued. The first registered office was registered on April 10, 1911; it was then stated to be 53, Haymarket, with Mr. Lebutt as secretary. On October 25 Mr. Fraser was registered as secretary, address 38, Great James Street, Bedford Row. The directors are registered as Sir Valentine Grace, prisoner, William Thorley, and Ralph Lebutt. 1,092 shares were registered in the name of Fryer. THOMAS WILLIAMS STABLEE FIRTH. I am a solicitor, practising at 77, Chancery Lane. Cross-examined. I was first consulted by Miss Emerson. She said she had taken in exchange from prisoner for a motor-car 60 shares in New Picture Palaces, Limited, that a transfer had been sent to her, and acting on the direction given in prisoner's letter that transfer had been sent and was returned through the dead letter office. She instructed me to make inquiries whether the company was good and whether Fryer was honest or not. Mrs. Bartlett did not come till afterwards. She has made a mistake if she said she instructed me to get her money back which she gave Fryer for the shares. I have not attempted to do so. I attempted to get money from him for Miss Emerson before I found out it was a fraud. Prisoner sent me the address of a man supposed to be the secretary. We sent repeatedly to the offices of the company. When Mrs. Bartlett came to me I told it was an impudent fraud and nothing could be done but criminal proceedings. I had been making inquiries up to November 18, when I stopped. I did not ask for Miss Emerson's car back because he had driven it and it had been in other hands. He pawned it as soon as he got to London. He expressed his willingness to return the car, but it was an empty expression; he had not "possession of it. We were referred to a man called Fraser at Gregory Day and Co's, solicitors, Great James Street. I had repeated reports "Mr. Fraser is out," and we could not see the books or learn anything. On November 18 I discovered there was no picture palace and no lease. If he had paid the  60 before November 18 I should have taken it. (Friday, February 2.) JAMES FRASER, 38, Great James Street, Bedford Row. I am clerk to Mr. Day. I was appointed secretary of New Picture Palaces, Iimited, on October 5 last. Mr. Day informed me of this appointment. There was no agreement as to salary and I did not receive any. Sir Valentine Grace was present at board meetings; December 14 was the last date. I do not know in whose handwriting the entry of the shares in Mrs. Bartlett's name is. I received the book about the end of October from prisoner at 28, Victoria Street, where the books of the company were. As far as I know the company has no banking account. The only assets it possessed I suppose were the negotiations for the lease of the Kew Theatre. My firm was acting for the company in acquiring the lease. The negotiations dropped about the end of November. The company never had a lease of Prince's Hall. They never spent any money in repairing or altering it. Cross-examined. We got as far as engrossing the tenancy agreement. Fuller, Smith, and Turner insisted on a deposit of  1,000 as the references were not satisfactory. The engrossment was not in existence on September 21, but the deeds were approved, I think, by then.  50 had to be found for the first quarter's rent. Prisoner was arranging this when he was arrested. HENRY FLEETWOOD FULLER. I am a member of the firm of Fuller, Smith, and Turner, Griffin Brewery, Chiswick, who are the freeholders of Prince's Hall, which is attached to the "Star and Garter." It is licensed for music and dancing. It has never been used as a picture palace that I am aware of. On August is last prisoner called at the brewery and proposed to take up the hall on behalf of a Mr. Sweetenham. A good deal of correspondence passed between us up to the time of his arrest. No lease was ever granted. Cross-examined. It was provisionally agreed to let the place to Mr. Sweetenham. The draft agreement was approved by us subject to references. Those references were not satisfactory. WILLIAM DOWN, licensee, "Star and Garter," Kew Bridge. I have seen prisoner at my house. I remember a board being put up announcing that Prince's Hall was going to be opened shortly as a picture palace, with the address of New Picture Palaces, Limited, 28, Victoria Street, S.W. Cross-examined. I did not fix up the board. Their men put it up. SIR VALENTINE GRACE, Bart. I was chairman of the New Picture Palaces, Limited, at the start. I was introduced by prisoner. He gave me to understand it was to be a private company subscribed by his friends; no prospectus was to be issued to the public. After attending three or four meetings I discovered that, these friends had not supplied the money. I resigned in February last as I was not satisfied with the financial position. That was at a meeting at 28, Victoria Street. It should have been recorded on the minutes. No secretary was present. Prisoner was there. I sent a letter the same evening to prisoner to confirm my resignation. During the time I was connected with the company it did no work beyond holding meetings. Qualification shares were allotted to me for which I paid nothing. I never attached any market value to them. Cross-examined. I got no acknowledgment of my letter of resignation. I wrote twice. I found out afterwards they were using my name as chairman. To the best of my belief I asked Fryer on several occasions for a letter accepting my resignation. I never got one. There was only prisoner there when I resigned. I thought the concern had died a natural death. I resigned verbally. I requested prisoner to put it down. I resigned because I was not satisfied with prisoner's transactions with me in the past and I did not think him a fit person to be associated with. Detective-sergeant ALBERT EVE, T. On September 13 I charged prisoner with having obtained  46 from Mrs. Bartlett by false pretences. He said, "I did not ask Mrs. Bartlett to put her money into the company." Cross-examined. I arrested him in the case of Miss Emerson. I told him I had a warrant for his arrest for fraud. He said, "What ground? Where is the sworn information?" I said, "I have not" got that, but I will read the warrant to you." I read it. He said, "This is an absurd charge. I got the car from Miss Emerson and paid her with marketable shares in a genuine concern. The car was absolutely worthless and I sold it for scrap iron at a ridiculous figure. Miss Emerson is the person who ought to be charged with obtaining my money for a useless car. I only hope she has got plenty money to pay me damages for malicious prosecution." Whilst I was searching his desk he said, "What do you want?" I said, "Any papers relating to the company." He said, "There is no company; I am an architect and have been at 28, Victoria Street with Messrs. Palgrave for sixteen years. Of course, I suppose I can have bail." I said, "No, not to-night. You will be detained at Chiswick police-station." He asked what kind of bail we would want. I said any substantial householder. He said, "1 do not know anyone I can trust. It is disgusting to think that a woman can go to a court and get a warrant by telling an abominable pack of lies. She tried to blackmail me for  60 and this is the result." When charged he said, "I will make her pay for this; it is an outrage. I deal in cars and have bought a lot this year. It is blackmail pure and simple." (Defence.) CYRIL FREDERICK WILLIAM FRYER (prisoner, on oath). I do not think you would call me the promoter of New Picture Palaces, Limited; I was architect for the buildings. The company were negotiating for a hall opposite when we found out that Prince's Hall was in the market. Mr. Down told me his tenancy was likely to expire and he would be glad to get rid of it. I told him we were open to negotiate on behalf of a client. He referred me to Fuller, Smith and Turner. They offered to grant a lease and had our acceptance on September 12 subject to references being satisfactory. We had to give the references of our client, for whom we had done considerable work. He was lessee of premises rented at  1,500 a year, director of Wellington House, of which he was vendor at  83, 000; so I felt perfectly safe he would be accepted for this paltry  200 a year. I did not receive Sir Valentine Grace's letter of resignation. He would not send it to me because I was not a director of the company. He did say on more than one occasion it was no use his attending meetings until the company was further developed. That was while we were negotiating for this property. By the articles of association the company had power to build anywhere in the United Kingdom. The negotiations for the lease of Princes Hall never did end as far as I am aware. The company is still going on. We were doing all the work for nothing and taking shares for our work. The gentleman who was to be our manager was associated with another company that paid 50 per cent, last year. I do not know what the estimate of  5,104 profit per annum is based on I did not make it. I gave Miss Emerson 60 shares for a secondhand motor-car. I took it up to London. It broke down three times going to the station. I wrote Mr. Firth that I could get the car back. That was true. When Mrs. Bartlett called at my office I showed her plans of what Prince's Hall was going to be. I have not. a distinct recollection that she asked me anything about the company; I think she seemed to have discussed this more with Miss Emerson;? he seemed to know all about it. I told her I thought it was going to be a very good thing, that we held a great number of shares in it, that I was a director, and we expected to open at Christmas. I may have told her who the other directors were. I did not give her any printed matter in connection with the company. I think I sent her afterwards a sort of circular. I told her our shares ought to change hands at  2 if the profits estimated were anywhere near realised. I said it would be unwise for her to sell her shares until Christmas. I said my price was 25s. 1 told her there were 40 outstanding of Miss Emerson's and if she liked she could have those at 23s. in order to absorb that certificate. She said she would consider the matter. She and her husband came and brought  46. I gave her a transfer for 40 fully paid shares. She is a registered holder in the company. The next time I saw her was about a fortnight after, when she called with Miss Emerson. I practically only had conversation at that interview with Miss Emerson. She came to ask where she should send the vulcaniser of the car. I told her 'to send it to the office. Then she asked me if I could sell any more shares as she knew a gentleman who was interested in companies. There was no complaint that day about Mrs. Bartlett's shares. I have had no complaint from her or her husband. I had a letter from Mr. Firth saying he had been consulted by Miss Emerson and Mrs. Bartlett That war, the first intimation I had that they were dissatisfied. When he asked me to find  60 or he would resort to legal proceedings I thought he meant civil proceedings. A month before my arrest I wrote him that I could no doubt procure a client to relieve Mrs. Bartlett of her shares if he so advised me. On October 13 I wrote Mr. Firth that I had bought the car back. That was true. I wrote him on October 14 that I was arranging for Mrs. Bartlett's shares to be taken over. I do not think I answered his letter in reply to that. When arrested I said it was an outrage and blackmail because there was an attempt to get  60 from me. Mr. Bartlett called on me some three weeks after Mr. Firth bad written to me and stated that neither he nor his wife had instructed Mr. Firth to write to me as he was not their solicitor. Cross-examined. I do not know that I said to Mrs. Bartlett that the hall belonged to the company. I had authority from Fullers to put up one board a month before that. There is a letter, I think Mrs. Bartlett asked me where the books of the company could be seen, and I said they were at our office; in fact, I pointed to a deed box on my safe and said, "There they are," or words to that effect. I made no complaint to Miss Emerson about the car. She knew it had broken down and wrote that she was sorry to hear it. The day after I got the car I borrowed  13 on it from Mr. Ram, the cashier of the bank. I asked him to take it to the Baker Street Bazaar; I wanted a friend of his to examine it. It remained there till after October 21. I told him to get the best price he could for it. It was sold for  31 10s. Mr. Ram deducted the  13 and paid the rest to my credit. I accept responsibility for the circular sent to Mrs. Bartlett. We had three schemes prepared for picture palaces. We sent our builders' to make estimates and had prepared plans and specifications. Prince's Hall is fully equipped as a picture palace with the exception of the operator's box. It was not our fault we did not get the lease of Prince's Hall Sir Valentine Grace did not resign. I could not say if he attended a meeting since January, 1911. I was not a director, so I do not know. He has apparently not signed any minute as chairman after December 9, 1910. I told Miss Emerson and Mrs. Bartlett that the expert's estimate was too favourable, or words to that effect, and I should be satisfied with a quarter of the amount. Verdict, Guilty. Previous convictions were proved. Sentence: On the first indictment One month on the first count Eight months on the third count; on the second indictment Eight months; all in the second division, and to run concurrently. Session Paper BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Wednesday, January 31.) ERT, Emanuel (18, porter), pleaded guilty of obtaining the sum of  15 by false pretences from Thomas Henderson Beale and forging and uttering an order for the payment of sum of  15 with intent to defraud. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction of felony at Newington Sessions on June 7, 1910, in the name of Ernest Myers, and several other convictions were proved. Sentence: Three years' penal servitude. Session Paper BAKER, William (44, clerk), was indicted for maliciously publishing certain defamatory libels of and concerning Constance Amellee Sampson and Julius Spier. Jury were sworn to inquire whether prisoner was sane and able to plead. SIDNEY REGINALD DYER, medical officer, Brixton Prison. Prisoner has been under my charge since January 11 this year, and I am of opinion that his state of mind is such that he cannot properly appreciate the evidence or properly instruct counsel for his defence. The jury found prisoner to be insane and unfit to plead, and he was ordered to be detained during His Majesty's pleasure. Session Paper PRATT, Charles George Robert (25, clerk), pleaded guilty of feloniously marrying Norah Eileen Mona Grace Desmond Clark, his wife being then alive. Prisoner was released on own recognisances and those of his mother in  50 each to come up for judgment if called upon. Session Paper DAVIS, William (42, labourer), pleaded guilty of maliciously damaging by night a plate-glass window, value  24, the property of W. and T. Avery, Limited. Sentence: Three months' imprisonment, second division. Session Paper TALBOT, John (40, grocer), attempting to procure the commission by a male person and an act of indecency with another male person. Verdict, Guilty. Prisoner was released on his own recognisances in  10 to come up for judgment if called upon. BOWDEN, Edward (21, labourer), robbery with violence upon Auguste Jacobi, and stealing from him  3, his moneys. Mr. D. Owen Evans prosecuted. FRITZ HASLAR. At half-past 12 on New Year's night I was walking down the right-hand side of Old Compton Street and saw prosecutor, rather intoxicated. I saw prisoner and two or three more men attack him and go through his pockets. I went towards them; the other men walked away, and prisoner went over to the other side of the road and began running. I ran after him and stopped him, and a policeman came up and took him in charge. Cross-examined by prisoner. I am sure you were one of the men. Police-constable WILLIAM DUNBAR (232 C Division). Early on New Year's morning I was on duty in Old Compton Street. I saw prisoner talking to two other men and two women at the corner of Dean Street. I requested them to move on, and they went in the direction of Charing Cross Road. I saw the prosecutor come staggering along from the Charing Cross Road, and the two men went on either side of him, while the prisoner stood in a doorway and then came out and struck the prosecutor, who fell down. They all bent over him, and I heard money fall on the footway. I ran towards them, and prisoner walked to the other side of the road; the other men ran away. Prisoner mixed himself up with the crowd of people, but I caught him at the corner of Frith Street, about 20 yards from where the assault took place. He threw down the piece of lead (produced). When charged prisoner said prosecutor was drunk and had made a mistake. AUGUSTE JACOBI. On the night of January 1 I was returning hom e from a French club of which I am a member. I had been drinking. I remember being stopped by some men who asked me for money and then being struck and falling on my face. I had  3 in gold and six to seven shillings in silver, which was taken from me. I cannot identify any of the men. EDWARD BOWDEN (prisoner, not on oath). On this night I was with these people and all of a sudden they flew after this man. I did not know what their idea was. Verdict, Guilty. Sentence: Twelve months' hard labour. WILSON, James (22, sailor), burglary in the dwelling-house of Emily Marshall and stealing therein one overcoat and other articles and the sum of 1s. 9d. in money, her property and money; assaulting Charles Smith, a police officer, in the execution of his duty. Mr. R. B. C. Sheridan prosecuted. EMILY MARSHALL, widow. On the night of January 19 I shut up my premises and everything was safe. When I came down in the morning I found the door was open; all the drawers were open, boxes turned out, my writing-desk was turned inside out, and 1s. 9d. was taken out of my purse. I recognise the overcoat and gloves produced. They belong to my son. The hatpin stand and the penknife also produced are my daughter's. Police-constable JOHN LEWIS, 630 N Division. At 5 a.m. on January 18 I was on duty in St. Peter's Street, N., and saw prisoner carrying the overcoat produced. He went towards Islington Green and I stopped him and asked him where he had got the coat from. He said it was his. I was not satisfied with his replies and took him into custody, when he became very violent and struck me on the right eye. On being searched the other missing property was found in his possession. Police-constable CHARLES SMITH, 434 N Division. At 5 o'clock on the morning of January 18 I was on duty in Camden Passage, Essex Road, when I heard a police whistle and on running to Charlton Place I saw prisoner struggling with Police-constable Lewis. Prisoner on seeing me struck me a violent blow in the face. I closed with him and assisted to take him into custody. All the way to the police station he was very violent. I saw him carrying the overcoat and at the station I saw the other articles produced found upon him. Police-constable WILLIAM HALL, N Division. On January 19 1 examined the premises of the prosecutrix and found marks on the area wall where someone had climbed down. The window was all right. The outer door leading into the area could not be bolted, and could be opened from the outside. There was an inside door, but I found no marks on it. JAMES WILSON (prisoner, not on oath). I never struck the constable. About half-past four on this morning I met a fellow with this coat and he asked me to give him 3s. for it. I gave him half-a-crown. I found the other things in the pockets and he said I could keep them. He went away and then the policeman came up and threatened to kick me, and he hit me with all his force. Verdict, Guilty of being in unlawful possession. Several previous convictions were proved. Sentence: Twelve months' hard labour. PARRY, Egerton Musgrave (30, artist), forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, the endorsement on a certain order for the payment of money, to wit, a banker's cheque for  3 6s. 8d., with intent to defraud. Mr. Spratling prosecuted; Mr. S. W. Clarke defended. MARY HENRIETTA DUNCAN, 9, Montpellier Grove, Blackheath. On November 30 I drew the cheque (produced) for  3 6s. 8d. on the London County and Westminster Bank in favour of Mrs. Andrews, and posted it to her. It was enclosed in an envelope with a sheet of paper bearing my stamped address, and to the best of my belief I addressed the envelope "175, Wymering Mansions." On December 4 I heard from Mrs. Andrews that she had not received the cheque, so I stopped payment at the bank. The cheque was shown to me three or four days afterwards by Police-sergeant Collins. Cross-examined. Mrs. Andrews did not live at 175, Wymering Mansions, but used to visit there occasionally. I do not think I made a mistake in the number. Mrs. RHODA ANDREWS said that she did not receive the cheque. MIMA TERRY, married woman. I live at 145, Wymering Mansions, Maida Vale. On December 1 or 2 a letter was delivered at my flat, addressed to Mrs. Andrews. I opened it and found it contained the cheque produced. I know prisoner. On the same evening he called on me and I gave him the cheque to repost to the address of the sender. I did not look at the name on the envelope before opening it. Cross-examined. I believe prisoner has been a lieutenant in the Army and served during the South African War. While there he was dangerously ill, and since his return he has had constant attacks of rheumatism and dysentery. He is sometimes dull and does not appear to understand what is going on. I have never heard that he is in the habit of taking morphia. The number on the envelope was 145. The endorsement on the cheque "A. C. Andrews," is not like prisoner's handwriting. FREDERICK SURRIDGE, manager to Walter Wainwright, clothier, 26, High Street, Bloomsbury. On December 14 last prisoner came to the shop and bought the suit of clothes (produced) for 30s. He tendered the cheque (produced) in payment. I declined to cash it without a reference He went away and returned in half an hour with a letter from Mr. Jolly, a solicitor, whereupon I let him have the clothes and handed him  1 16s. 8d., the balance of the cheque. On being paid into the bank it was returned marked "not to pay," and the matter was put into the hands of the police. Cross-examined. I have seen prisoner once before. Police-sergeant ALFRED COLLINS, E Division. I apprehended prisoner at the Strand Union Infirmary, Edmonton, on December 18 last and conveyed him to Bow Street Station, where he was charged and made no reply. On the submission of Mr. Clarke on behalf of the prisoner, the charge of forgery was withdrawn from the jury. (Thursday, February I.) Verdict, Not guilty. session paper BEFORE MR. JUSTICE RIDLEY. (Thursday, February 1.) ABRAHAMS, Alice (39), pleaded guilty of maliciously casting upon Frederick Dennison a certain corrosive fluid called vitriol, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm. Prosecutor, who had been living with prisoner, had lost the sight of his left eye and was permanently disfigured. Prisoner had complained to the police of his conduct towards her and there was at the time she committed this offence a summons against him for assault, which summons she had been willing to withdraw, but prosecutor had expressed his intention of leaving her. She asked that he might be called, stating that he wished to withdraw the charge as it was his fault. Mr. Justice Ridley would not allow this to be done, but stated that he would accept her statement to that effect. Sentence: Three years' penal servitude. WHELEN, William (20, hairdresser), feloniously shooting at Florence Ethel Howard with intent to murder her; feloniously sending, knowing the contents thereof, a letter threatening to murder the said F. E. Howard. Mr. G. S. Rentoul prosecuted; Mr. Penry Oliver defended. The first indictment was proceeded with. FLORENCE ETHEL HOWARD, 32, Horsell Road, Drayton Park. I am unmarried. I have known prisoner eight months; it was an understood thing that we should be married in about two years' time. On the evening of January 8 I received this letter from him (Exhibit 1). I did nothing about it and the next morning I received this letter (Exhibit 2). My mother found it and she went to the police. In consequence of the advice they gave, she and I and Police-sergeant Haynes went and waited outside the registry office. We saw prisoner at a distance. We then went home. I then received this telegram: "Come at once to Upper Street Police Station. Whelen arrested. "Thinking it was genuine, my mother, my brother-in-law, Mr. Pratt, and I went to the police station. We were just getting into the tram when prisoner rushed up to me and put a revolver to my head. I put my arm up and it went off; I cannot say if I hit his arm. He said nothing. I ran into a barber's shop. I did not see anything of him after that. On several occasions before this I had seen him with this revolver (produced). Once or twice before Christmas he threatened to shoot me with it; once he fired it off in my presence. Cross-examined. He knew the truth about myself before I met him. Since he has been in prison I have written to him twice, but I did not say in them that I knew he only wanted to frighten me. When he presented the revolver at me I said, "Don't be silly, Will. "Last November he made me promise to go and be married in a registry office, although I did not wish to be married like that. I then wrote putting him off, as I thought it better for him to get a position first. When arranging to be married I did not ask him not to tell my mother. He did not want my parents to know. On the Sunday night previous to this I said I would go to the registry office because he said he had already made arrangements, but I wrote him that night, saying I did not want to. He came on the Monday night to see me, but I would not see him; I sent my sister out with a note. Then I received Exhibit 1. My mother objected to the engagement as she did not think he was going on properly, but I do not remember telling him that they were "nagging" me to give him up. I told him I would stick to him if he went on properly and that I would marry him, only I was afraid of my mother stopping me. I do not know that it was in consequence of the quarrels I had had at home that he was anxious to marry me at once. Re-examined. He held the revolver in his left hand and held my arm in his right. The revolver was touching my forehead. The bullet did not hit my hat. I was struggling in the road with him and after that the revolver went off. EMILY HOWARD. The last witness is my daughter. I remember her receiving the letters Exhibits 1 and 2. On reading Exhibit 2 I went to the police. I was ordered to go with her to the registry office and I went with her. Whilst waiting outside I saw prisoner at the end of the street beckon to her. I told my daughter not to go and the detective went down to him. When prisoner saw him he ran away. On arriving home we received a telegram saying that he was arrested. She, I, and Mr. Pratt went to the station. Whilst waiting for a tram prisoner came across the road, took hold of my daughter's arm and pulled her towards him. He then put a revolver up to her head. She raised her arm to strike it off and it went off. He knocked me down on the pavement, but I got up immediately afterwards and saw him do this; they were struggling in the middle of the road. She said, "Don't, Will." I saw her arm hit his arm. I got hold of her and pushed her into a barber's shop. He ran up Fieldway Crescent and he put his arm out and fired again in the direction of Horsell Road, where we live. Mr. Pratt ran after him. I took my daughter home. Cross-examined. I knew he had been "walking out" with her for about eight months, but I did not object to it in any way. I never knew anything of her going to be married. He had the revolver in his left hand. JAMES HENRY PRATT. Prosecutrix is my sister-in-law. On the Tuesday afternoon previous to this I met prisoner outside my house. He told me that the people round home had been setting the police on to him. I asked him what he had been up to. I said if he wanted I would come out and hear what he had got to say. He said he wanted to speak to my sister-in-law if she was inside. I said I would let him know if she was inside. I found she was not. I saw nothing more of him until the shooting. I went with her and her mother to the police station in answer to the bogus telegram. While standing waiting for a tram I was hailing a car when I heard a scream. I immediately turned and heard the flash and report of a revolver across-my face. Prisoner was clasping my sister-in-law by the arm, and her mother was raising herself from the pavement. She broke away from him and ran across the road; he followed her. I placed myself between them. Prisoner then ran up Fieldway Crescent and I followed him. When I was within about ten yards from him he half turned and fired again at random. He was stopped by a police-constable, and I went and put my hand on his collar. He told me to take my hand off or there would be trouble. He threw the revolver away, and it was picked up. Cross-examined. His arm was slightly elevated when he fired the second time; he fired cross-wise into left-hand side of the roadway. Police-constable PATRICK MCNALLY, 999 N Division. At 4.30 p.m. I was on duty in Fieldway Crescent, when I heard the report of a firearm discharged in Holloway Road. I went in that direction and saw prisoner running towards me, followed by a crowd. Within five yards of me he fired a shot into the roadway, and threw the revolver down in the road. This revolver (produced) was afterwards picked up by a lady, who handed it to me. Prisoner said, "All right, officer; I will not give you any trouble." I took him to the station. On the charge being read over to him, he said, "All right." Detective-inspector ARTHUR HAMBLEDON, Upper Street Police Station. At 4.41 p.m. on January 9 prisoner was brought in. This revolver (handed to me by the constable) is a six-chambered quick-firing revolver, of the Bull-dog type; it contained three live and two spent cartridges. It is in perfect condition, and can be cocked. Prisoner had evidently been drinking, and he looked rather strange about the eyes. We never sent this telegram (Exhibit 3); he said himself that he had sent it. Detective-sergeant GEORGE HAYNES, N Division. In consequence of a complaint by the prosecutrix on January 9 I went with her and her mother to the registry office. About 150 yards away I saw prisoner coming from the direction of Liverpool Road. I walked towards him and he turned round and made off. He got away eventually. Cross-examined. I produce some letters found on him from the prosecutrix; I cannot say what they contain. He has never been previously charged with any offence. Prisoner's statement before the magistrate: "I had something to drink and tie letter I wrote was only to frighten Florrie and when I pointed the revolver at her I had no intention to fire. My finger was not on the trigger. The revolver went off as I was running up Field-way Crescent The second time I fired towards the ground when I got within the constable's reach, and I threw the revolver to the ground. Mr. Pratt said to the constable, 'It will take three men to take him. He has got another gun in his pocket.' That was false. I am very sorry at what occurred and I promise it will never occur again. The letter I wrote her was only just to frighten her; that was all. The girl had fully agreed to go to the registry office with me two months ago and kept postponing it owing to her mother. Nothing of this would have occurred if it had not been for her mother and other people interfering. I have no witnesses here." (Defence.) WILLIAM WHELEN (prisoner, on oath). I have known prosecutrix about 10 months and we were engaged. In November last in conesquence of what she told me about her position at home I made arrangements to be married in a registry office on November 30, but she kept postponing it because she said her mother was wanting her to give me up. (She said she would not do so. I told her she would have to make up her mind and she agreed on the Sunday before this happened to be married on the 9th as long as I did not take her away from her home for 12 months. On the Monday I made the necessary arrangements but that night she sent me a note by her sister when I went to call. I wrote her as I did only to frighten her. I went to the registry office the following afternoon to meet her. When I saw the detective I ran away. I sent the telegram, as it was the only means I had of getting to see her. I happened to be going through the Holloway Road, when I accidentally saw them waiting for a tram. I simply pulled the revolver out of my pocket with my right hand and put it on a line with my shoulder within a yard from her. She put up her hand and said, "Oh, don't, Will." Her mother then led her into a barber's shop. The revolver did not go off until about four minutes afterwards, when I was about 300 yards up the road; it went off in the air. The second shot went off as I was throwing the revolver to the ground; I fired it as I threw it. I have never threatened her with it before; I once showed it to her as I was putting it into another pocket. I had no intention of doing her any harm. Cross-examined. I bought the revolver about 18 months ago. It is true I wrote in the letter: "Otherwise I mean to punish you severely and I don't care what it means "; "You will drive me to commit murder "; and "It is now either murder or marriage "; but I only wrote that to frighten her. She was perfectly willing to marry me. I did not have my finger on the trigger when I pointed it at her, and it was impossible for it to have gone off. (To the Court.) It is true I could have frightened her without using live cartridges. Verdict, Guilty of shooting with intent to do grievous bodily harm. It was stated that since last December prisoner had been discharged from several situations as a barman for dishonesty. Since he had been awaiting trial he had written prosecutrix letters containing bidden threats. He had been in the Army. Sentence: Three years' penal servitude. JONES, Henry John (19, soldier), was indicted for and charged on the coroner's inquisition with the manslaughter of Arthur George Chown; a second count of the indictment was for unlawfully assaulting Arthur George. Chown, thereby occasioning him actual bodily harm. Mr. J. P. Grain prosecuted; Mr. C. M. Pitman defended. At the conclusion of Mr. Grain's opening Mr. Justice Ridley stated that he had decided, under the circumstances, to discharge prisoner on his awn recognisances. Upon this, prisoner withdrew his plea of not guilty and pleaded guilty of manslaughter. The colonel of his regiment, it was stated, was willing to take him back into the regiment, and on it appearing that this course could be taken provided no sentence of imprisonment were passed, Mr. Justice Ridley discharged prisoner on his own recognisances in  50 to come up for judgment if called upon, recommending that he should be taken back to the regiment. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Thursday, February 1.) HEATH, Henry (29, dealer), and BAILEY, William (30, carman), both stealing one set of harness, one brougham, 1, 846 rings, the goods of Lawson, Ward and Gamage, Limited.  Refer to trial of William Lee and Chris Hagan at the November Sessions, page 84.  Mr. Travers Humphreys and Mr. Roland Oliver prosecuted; Mr. Purcell defended Heath; Mr. H. W. Wickham defended Bailey. Detective-sergeant ALFRED GROSSE, Y Division, proved plan of the neighbourhood of Westbury Avenue and Boundary Road, Wood Green. ERNEST WILLIAM WEDGE, 72, Trinity Road, Wood Green, traveller to Lawson, Ward, and Gamage, Limited, 26, Clerkenwell Road, E.C., wholesale manufacturing jewellers. I drive about in a brougham which contains large quantities of jewellery. On Tuesday, September 5, as is my custom on every Tuesday, I drove in the neighbourhood of Wood Green. At about one o'clock I went to my house for dinner, and left Booker, the driver, in charge of the brougham, which contained 1, 846 gold rings, 970 pairs of earrings, 842 bracelets, 607 necklets, 1, 117 brooches, 1, 180 pendants, 402 scarf pins, and other jewellery, packed in five trunks, the value being  3,280. On the near side of the brougham there was a Yale lock, and a bolt on the inside of the offside door; the windows had green blinds pulled down. That brougham could only be opened without the key by breaking the window, putting one's hand in, and pulling the bolt back. At 2.30 that day Booker came to my house without the brougham, and made a communication to me. At 3.30 I saw the brougham empty at Wood Green Police Station; the offside window had been broken and the door unbolted. About a fortnight afterwards I identified two leather cases and jewellery to the value of 15s. (produced) as being part of the stolen property. GEORGE BOOKER, coachman. I was employed by T, Brickland, Limited, Gough Street, Gray's Inn Road, to drive a brougham for Lawson, Ward and Gamage. On September 5 I was driving the last witness; at 1 p.m. I left him at his house, ate my lunch outside the "Prince of Wales" public-house, in Trinity Road, and then went to a public lavatory at the foot of Jolly Butchers Hill, at the corner of Lordship Lane. I took the bit out of the horse's mouth, put the nosebag on, locked the wheel with a Yale lock, and went down into the lavatory, leaving the brougham in charge of a man whom I did not know. When I came up six or eight minutes afterwards the brougham and the man had gone. I informed the police and then went to Mr. Wedge's house. I know Bailey; two years ago he was employed with me as cab washer at T. Bricklands. In 1910 I saw him driving a Royal Mail van after he had left Bricklands. I do not know Heath. Cross-examined by Mr. Wickham. Bailey has always borne a good character; had he been outside the lavatory I should have left the brougham in his charge. HENRY DANIEL CHESSER, 182, High Road, Wood Green, blacksmith. At about 1.30 p.m. on September 5 I saw Heath coming towards my forge along a road which has no name, which leads from the High Road, Wood Green, towards Lordship Lane. He was wearing a high hat and a coachman's coat with bright buttons. He came within 10 yards of me; I took especial notice of him because he was lame in the right leg. He went on to Lordship Lane and I lost sight of him. Next morning I spoke to a detective; on Christmas Day I picked Heath out from a row of other men as being the man I had seen. I have not seen him walk since September 5, and did not pick him out because he was lame. Cross-examined by Mr. Purcell. I first noticed him when he was 30 yards away. I have since seen Inspector Neil several times. I saw in the "Mirror" that the coachman had got a limp. I daresay there were three or four men as big as Heath in the row of men. ROSETTA MAUD MURRAY, 27, Sandford Avenue, Wood Green. On September 5 between 1 and 2 p.m. I was standing at the top of Lordship Lane, opposite the lavatory, when I noticed a brougham on the other side of the road. By the side of the brougham I saw two men whom I now know as Lee and the prisoner Heath. At the last trial I identified Lee, who was convicted. Heath was dressed in a livery and a tall silk hat, and was standing on the pavement conversing with Lee. Lee then handed something to Heath; Heath mounted the box and drove off in the direction of Tottenham; Lee went into the lavatory. I noticed the brougham because it was drawn upon the wrong side of the road, and I was trying to cross. On Christmas Day I picked out Heath at Wood Green Police Station from a number of other men. To Mr. Purcell. A double row of tram lines runs down Lordship Lane; there was traffic in the road. When I first saw Lee and Heath they were just beyond the horse's head, walking towards the brougham, which was then between us. Heath got on the box, looked at me, and drove in the direction in which the horse's head was turned. Mr. Purcell proposed to read the witnesses evidence before the Common Serjeant as reported in the Sessions Paper. The Recorder: You cannot read that, it does not profess to give everything the witness says. Cross-examination continued. I saw the brougham for two or three minutes. When I picked Heath out there were only two short men in the row. EMMA BUSE, wife of William Francis Buse, printer, 178, Westbury Avenue. On September 5, at about 2 to 2.15 p.m., I was in my garden when I saw a brougham with green blinds coming along Boreham Road from the direction of Lordship Lane. A man in livery and a silk hat was driving; by his side was Lee. The brougham went past my house and stopped at the corner of Boreham Road and West-bury Avenue. Lee got out, crossed the road and put on a pair of brown gloves, while the brougham went on, passed my house again, and disappeared in the direction from which it had come. A four-wheeled cab then passed; Lee put up his finger, it stopped, he got in, and the cab drove on after the brougham. I afterwards picked out Hagan as the driver of the brougham, Lee as being the man who sat by his side; on January 1 I picked out Bailey as being the driver of the cab. To Mr. Purcell. Although Hagan was acquitted I still think he was the driver of the brougham. He had red hair, and was not at all like Heath. To Mr. Wickham. I remembered Bailey on January 1 because the other trial had kept him on my mind. I did not at first pick him out because I did not want to give evidence; I had been ill I recognised him at once. ANNIE MORAN, servant to Dr. Taylor, 2, Stanley Villas, Boundary Road, Wood Green. At about 2.20 p.m. on September 5 I was looking through the bay window of the dining-room when I saw a brougham standing on the opposite side of Boundary Road; a four-wheeled cab from the direction of Boundary Road passed the window, re-passed, and drew up behind the brougham. The two vehicles were then about the length of this court from me. Bailey was driving the cab. When the cab stopped Bailey got down; he and Lee, whom I saw walking on the pavement, each took a case, like those produced, out of the brougham and put it into the cab. Lee got into the cab and shut the door; Bailey got on the box and drove away, leaving the brougham there. I only saw two men. On January 1 I picked Bailey out at Wood Green Police Station. To Mr. Wickham. After I had identified Bailey I was asked to turn my head away and give a description of him, but I said I could not do so because I had not looked at him much. Re-examined. I gave a full description of Bailey before I picked him out. THOMAS UNWIN, 77, Chesterfield Gardens, Harringay, handy man. About 2 p.m. on September 5 I was walking along Boundary Road when I saw a brougham with the horse's head facing Lordship Lane and a cab just behind it. The brougham window was broken. I saw Bailey and another man take about four boxes out of the brougham and put them into the cab. On January 1 I picked Bailey out from a number of other men as being one of the men I had seen. To Mr. Wickham. When I picked Bailey out I had a little doubt as to whether he was the man. (To the Judge.) I picked him out because I thought he was the man. Police-constable JOHN HALL, 83 TR, stationed at Wood Green. At 3.20 p.m. on September 5 I found a horse and brougham wandering unattended in Boundary Road; I took it to Wood Green Police Station, where it was identified by Wedge. The brougham was empty. the glass panel in the offside door was 'broken, and a broken chain was hanging from the fore wheel. Police-constable ARTHUR SMITH, 539 J, stationed at Victoria Park, Hackney. At 6.30 on September 7 I found a number of leather cases, a number of small cardboard cases, a few brooches and earrings, and a number of tickets (produced) thrown on a dust shoot on Hackney Marshes. Detective-sergeant THOMAS RATCLIFFE, N Division. Three or four days before September 5 I saw the two prisoners in company with Lee once inside, and once outside the "Three Brewers" public-house, Islington; the "Three Brewers" public-house is a long way from Lordship Lane. Two or three days after the robbery I saw the two prisoners in company with Lee going into the "Red House" public-house, Essex Road; they had a drink together. On September 15 I followed Heath and Lee, and they went into a public house together, Lee was arrested on September 19; I did not see Heath or Bailey from September 15 till after they were arrested, although I was looking for them. To Mr. Purcell. When I saw Heath and Bailey on one occasion there were three other men with them, and on another occasion there was one other man. I am a plain clothes officer. When I followed these men I was not disguised; in some neighbourhoods the detectives are better known than the uniformed officers. To Mr. Wickham. I made no note of this. Detective JOHN BUCKINGHAM, Y Division. In consequence of instructions I had received on September 14 I kept observation on 23, Church Path, Stoke Newington, which is the prisoner Heath's home. He came out at 10.15 a.m. I followed him to the "Three Brewers" public-house and four other public-houses; he was spending money very freely and buying drinks for others. Next day he came out at mid-day. I followed him to the "Freemason's" public-house, where he remained for three hours drinking very heavily. That evening I saw him drinking at the "Oporto Stores" public-house. He left there at ten and went to the "Three Brewers" public-house, where he met Lee and three other men. I did not see him again until he was arrested. His right knee is stiff and he walks with a limp. To Mr. Purcell. Hagan had a slight limp; he was ginger-haired and nothing like Heath. (To Mr. Wickham.) I know nothing about Bailey. (Friday, February 2.) Detective RICHARD JUBY, Y Division, corroborated. To Mr. Wickham. I know nothing about Bailey. Detective CHARLES WESLEY, G Division. On May 23, I think, of last year I saw the two prisoners together in Clerkenwell Police Court while a case not affecting them was going on. The case was remanded and on May 27 I saw them together conversing outside the Court. To Mr. Wickham. It was the case of a man named Wilkinson who was afterwards discharged. I made no note of this meeting. MARY HEATH, 23, Church Path, Stoke Newington, widow. Prisoner Heath, who is my son, has been living with me. On a Tuesday or Wednesday in the middle of September he went away; I did not see him again till about ten days before Christmas, when he returned to live with me. I received a postcard from him when he was away, but no address. To Mr. Purcell. My son frequently left me in the summer and told me he was going to race meetings. I was not at all surprised when he went away that time; he told me he was going to race meetings at Manchester and Southampton. When he came home from attending race meetings he sometimes had won some money. He paid me 10s. a week. EMILY WALKER, wife of Robert Walker, 78, Brewery Road, Islington, tenement house. About November 23 Bailey and his wife took three rooms on the ground of the same house as I live in. At about 6 p.m. on December 28 he moved out with his furniture. During the time he was there Heath called on him three times. Although I never saw Bailey doing any work, he seemed comfortably off. I afterwards picked Heath out as the man who came to see Bailey. To Mr. Wickham. The evening would be the usual time for people in Bailey's station of life to move. He had ordinary furniture. BERNARD HARTLEY, secretary to T. Brickland, Limited, Gray's Inn Road, jobmasters. My firm let out the brougham which was stolen. When I came into the employment of the firm between five and six years ago Bailey was employed as a washer; he used to drive occasionally. He left three years ago. Since last May I have frequently seen Bailey and Heath together in a public-house near our yard, and elsewhere. I did not see them after August. To Mr. Purcell. As a rule a good many men hang about the yard looking for work. Bailey and Heath were not a solitary pair; they were usually with two other men. To Mr. Wickham. We have nothing against Bailey's character except that he did not do his work satisfactorily. Re-examined. Heath and Bailey were always seen with the same two men. Inspector ALFRED SCHOLES, Y Division. In the evening of December 24 I saw Heath at Newington Green. I said, "Heath, I want to speak to you." He said, "Yes?" I said, "I am a police inspector, and shall arrest you on suspicion of being concerned with a man named Lee in custody, and other persons not in custody, in stealing on September 5 last a horse and brougham containing a quantity of jewellery, from Wood Green. I shall take you to Wood Green Police Station." He said, "Lee?" I said, "Yes." He said, "All right, I will go with you to the station." I took him to the station and repeated the charge to him. He said, "I did not say 'Lee,' I said 'I would go with you to the police station.' I found  4 10s. in gold and 11s. 6d. in silver on him. Hagan was not at all like Heath there is no comparison. To Mr. Purcell. When Hagan was tried Mrs. Buse and Mrs. Bannell, 175, Westbury Avenue, picked out Hagan as the driver of the brougham, who was dressed in livery, and gave evidence at the trial that they had seen the cab and the brougham together in Boundary Road. Mrs. Bannell was not shown Heath. It has never before been suggested that there were two drivers to the brouhgam; at the previous trial it was never suggested that Hagan drove the brougham from the lavatory. I now suggest that there were two drivers in livery on the brougham. Chesser was shown the row with Lee and Hagan in it. Three or four people were shown the row; two picked out people who were not prisoners. Nobody picked out Hagan as the driver at the lavatory. Mrs. Murray saw Hagan, but said he was not the man she saw in livery at the lavatory. Mr. Watson said he had seen the man in livery at the lavatory, but he could not pick him out. To Mr. Wickham. Mrs. Bannell saw the row, but was unable to identify Bailey. Besides the witnesses in this case, two other people unsuccessfully saw the row with Bailey in it. Re-examined. Mrs. Murray and Mr. Chesser only picked out Heath. Detective-sergeant FRANCIS HALL, Y Division. On December 25 I saw Heath in the cells, and said, "You are going to be put up for identificatin now." He said "All right, I am not charged yet." He was then put in a row in the yard with 13 other men of similar appearance The witnesses were then in a room with the blinds down, and there was no possibility of their seeing him being put into the row. Heath was then picked out by Chesser and Murray. I then called him out of the row and he walked up to me. He said, "Those people all swear I am the man because I am the only one left." I said, "The only persons who will give evidence of identification are those who picked you out when you stood in the row." He said, "Yes, but what about my walk" he was then walking with a limp. Witnesses did not see him walk before they picked him out. To Mr. Purcell. Heath is about 5 ft. 10 in. There were no men in that row under 5 ft. 6in. (Witness corroborated the cross-examination of the last witness as to the attempted identifications of Heath.) THOMAS EDWIN JOSEPH MARKET, licensee, "City of York" public-house, King's Cross Road. Bailey is a customer at my public-house. On December 27 he asked me to take care of a bag containing  31 in gold; I did so. Next day he drew  1 and on the following Friday his wife drew  5. After his arrest I gave the remaining  25 to Inspector Neil. To Mr. Wickham. Bailey did not tell me he wanted me to take care of the money because he was moving. It is a common thing for publicans to take care of customers' money. GEORGE HENRY BROWN, 130, York Road, Islington, builder. On December 28, at 10.30 a.m., prisoner arranged to take a room from me and to move in on the following Saturday. At dinner-time he again saw me and asked if he could move in the same night. I went to the landlord of the house at which he was then living and, finding his references were satisfactory, allowed him to come in that night. He paid 4s. 6d. a week for one unfurnished room. To Mr. Wickham. When he asked me to let him come in that night he said he was in no hurry if it was not convenient. Detective-sergeant THOMAS POWELL. At 8.15 p.m. on December 31 I saw Bailey in Copenhagen Street, Caledonian Road. I told him I was going to arrest him for being concerned with Lee and Heath in stealing a horse, a brougham, and jewellery to the value of about  3,000 at Wood Green in September last. He said, "I suppose I shall have to go with you. I do not know either Lee or Heath." On the way to the station he said, "I suppose someone has put me away." 1 have had a row with my brother, it might be him." In August and September I have seen Bailey and Lee together. I did not see Bailey from the end of August or the beginning of September until I arrested him; 1 had been looking for him. To Mr. Wickham. Bailey at the police court denied saying that someone or perhaps his brother had put him away. York Road is a quarter of a mile from Bailey's previous lodgings. Divisional-Inspector ARTHUR NEIL, Y Division. About 7 p.m. on December 25 I saw Heath at Wood Green Police Station. I told him I was the inspector in charge of this case, and said, "You have been identified by two witnesses, Mrs. Murray and Mr. Chesser, of having been concerned with William Lee, already under sentence, in stealing a horse and brougham containing jewell valued at over  3,000, the property of Lawson Ward and Gamage, He said, "I do not know Lee; I do to know anything about it. The witnesses only picked me out because of my walk." When charged he made no replay. On December 31 I saw Bailey at Caledonian Road Police Station. I told him I was an inspector of police, and he had been brought there on my instructions for being concern with William Lee, in custody and undergoing sentence, and a man named Heath, and he would be detained on suspicion of being concerned with them in stealing on September 5 jewels to the value of over  3,000 from the bottom of Jolly Butchers Hill, Wood Green, and that he would be then taken to Wood Green and put up for identification the next day. He said, "I do not know Heath; I do not know Lee; I have never been to Wood Green." I said, "I propose going to your house to see if you have anything there you have given your address at 21, Collier Street, but I know you live at King's Cross." Prisoner had previously given the address of 21, Collier Street. He said, "I only stayed there last night with my wife; you will find nothing there. I have been living at Collier Street, my mother's address." I said, "I have reason to believe you have some money." He said, "I have not, and you will find none, I have had to pawn things to live." I went to his room at 130, York Road, and found there furniture apparently newly purchased. His wife was dressed in new clothes. I then went to the "City of York" public-house and received bag containing  25 (produced) from Markey. I returned to Caledonian Road Police Station and said to Bailey, "I have received this bag and  25 in gold from Mr. Markey at the "City of York" public-house. He said you deposited with him  31;  1 was given to you a day or two afterwards and  5 to your wife on Thursday or Friday last." He said, "It is quite right, I will account for it at the proper time." Next morning he was identified by three witnesses. To Mr. Wickham. I should say the value of the whole of the furniture would be  30. I asked Bailey to give me the particulars as to the purchase of these articles; he refused, and I have not been able to make any inquiries. I asked Bailey if he could tell me where he had worked. He said he had been at work at a job-master's up to last May; since then he has followed no regular employment. At the time when he denied knowing Lee or Heath, Lee was a convict, and Heath had been arrested. WILLIAM SPERRING, 69, Lever Street, Castle Road, yard foreman to James Allen and Co., mail contractors. From October, 1906, to September, 1907, Heath drove for my firm. From November, 1910, to May, 1911, Heath drove for my firm. To Mr. Wickham. Bailey came to us with a good character and he gave us every satisfaction. He left in order to get a motor license. JAMES BAUSER, manager to Charles Webster, Limited, 6, Whitechapel Road, job-masters. Heath was employed by our firm from September, 1910, to January, 1911, to drive a traveller's brougham. He used to wear a livery and a tall hat. That livery should have been returned to the firm when he left our employment, but I could not say whether he actually did return it. (Defence of Heath.) HENRY HEATH (prisoner, on oath). I am a commission agent; I attend racecourses during the summer. When I am in London I live with my mother at 23, Church Path. I know nothing about this crime; I was not the coachman seen by Chesser or Mrs. Murray; I knew Lee and Bailey; I might have been in their company at the public-houses, as the officers state. I denied knowing Lee because I had read of his conviction in the newspapers. I said nothing about Bailey. In July and August I had been away as usual following race meetings, and I won a lot of money betting. On September 5 I think I was at the Newmarket races. I cannot be sure; I keep no diary or anything to refresh my memory. I also went away to racecourses in the middle of September, as my mother says. Cross-examined. I have known Lee since the Coronation. I was not spending money more freely in September than at any other time. The officers must be mistaken when they say I was spending money freely. I think I went away before Lee was arrested on September 19. I cannot say whether I was drinking with Lee a few days before September 5 as the officer says. I might not have been at Newmarket on September 5 I cannot say what race meeting I was attending at that time. I denied knowing Lee because I thought I should be charged with the crime if it was known that I knew one of the persons engaged in the crime. I did not deny knowing Bailey. In September I went racing with some other men we shared what we won. I cannot mention the name of any of those men. (Defence of Bailey.) JOHN SPEAG, auctioneer to Messrs. Henry Ward and Sons, 407, Edgware Road, horse dealers. On August 8, 1910, my firm sold a pony and harness to "Mr. William Bailey, 384, Liverpool Road." That is entered in our books, but I cannot identify the prisoner Bailey as being the man. ARTHUR JOHN FINCHAM, manager, Essex Bedding Company, Essex Road. On September 26, 1911, we sold a bolster, two pillows, and a bedstead, value  2 10s. to Bailey, 44, Queens' bury Street, Islington. I cannot identify the prisoner Bailey as being the man. WILLIAM BAILEY (prisoner, on oath). I have always borne a good character. When I was arrested I gave my address as 21, Collier (Street because I did not want to be shown up before my new landlord. 1 was arrested three days after I moved into 130, York Road. My parents live at 21, Collier Street; I gave that address because I have occasionally stayed there. I have known Heath for 18 months; I have been in Lee's company about four times. I denied knowing either of them because Lee had been convicted of this robbery and Heath had been arrested. I said I knew nothing about the robbery meaning I had taken no part in it; I had read an account of it in the papers. When Sergeant Powell arrested me he said, "You nave got some nice kind friends round you." I made no reply. When we got to the station he repeated that observation. I said, "I have got no kind pals round me. I have had a few words with my brother "; but I said nothing about his putting me away for the robbery. When Inspector Neil showed me the money I said, "Yes, that is my money and I will account for it at the proper time." I have always been careful of my money and have always had from  30 to  40. I once had a grocery business at 129, Cloudesley Road, Islington, and I have been a horse dealer. I left my money with Mr. Markey for safety as I was moving. I have lately been costering the streets and my wife has earned good money nursing. My furniture is worth from  6 to  7. I bought the articles which the witnesses have deposed to. I know nothing about the robbery; the witnesses who have identified me must be mistaken. Cross-examined. About a fortnight before Christmas I and my wife stayed a few nights at my parents' house. At that time I also had the rooms in Brewery Road. If I had a quarrel with my wife I used to stay at my parents' house for a little time, away from her. I have known Lee about four or five months. The officers say they saw me together five or six times with Lee, but they must be wrong, because I was only with him about four times. After the robbery I did not go away; the officers could have arrested me if they had wished. Sergeant Powell cannot be telling the truth when he says he looked for me but could not find me. I did not hear of Heath's arrest until Sergeant Powell told me when he arrested me. When I was arrested I had not seen Heath since about a fortnight before Christmas, and I did not know anything about him. I did not leave  35 with Markey because Heath was arrested. My brother used to live with me in Brewery Road; I quarrelled with him and he left; and then I left Brewery Road because I did not want three rooms for me and my wife, and the landlord preferred that we should go rather than take less than three rooms. Another reason was that I did not like those lodgings. I did not move because Heath was arrested. I did not move in a great hurry. Inspector Neil said, "I am going to search your house "; he did not say, "I have reason to believe you have some money." I did not say, "I have had to pawn things to live on." That would not have been true. I do not know where I was on September 5; I may have been costering. JACK RUSSELL, 11, Victoria Crescent, St. Anne's Road, Tottenham, bus and brake proprietor. I have known prisoner all his life; he was in my employment for some time. I have trusted him with money; his character is that of a thoroughly honest and straightforward man. He is a straight man with regard to drink. He always had  1 or  2 in his pocket. I should not be surprised to hear he had  40. (Monday, February 5.) Verdict, Guilty. Heath confessed to having been convicted on February 9, 1904, at North London Sessions, receiving nine months' hard labour for stealing ties from his employer. Other convictions proved: January 18, 1908, Bow Street Police Court, three months' hard labour for larceny; November 16, 1909, County of London Sessions, nine months' hard labour, for possessing house-breaking instruments by night. Heath was stated to have followed no regular employment since February, 1911, and to have been associating with thieves. Heath and Bailey were stated to have been well acquainted with the habits of Mr. Wedge. Bailey had followed no regular employment since May, 1911, and had been associating with Lee and Heath. Sentences: Heath, Three years' penal servitude; Bailey, Twenty months' hard labour. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Thursday, February 1.) SANDY, James (40, carman), attempting to carnally know Florence Annie Maud Appleton, a girl under the age of 13 years. Verdict, Guilty. The police stated that prisoner was a hard-working man and bore a good character. Sentence: Six months' imprisonment, second division. WESTFALL, Arthur (otherwise Maurice Murphy) (44, seaman), and BARRON, James (27, coal trimmer), robbery with violence upon Charles Foile, and stealing from him 4s., his moneys. Mr. Taylor prosecuted; Mr. St. John McDonald defended Westfall. Police-constable Albert Hayward, 355 K. On January 3, at 11.30 p.m., I was on duty in East India Dock Road, where I saw prosecutor, who passed me. About 30 yards further on he was stopped by three men, two of whom were these prisoners. Westfall struck prosecutor who fell to the ground, and Westfall also fell down. As I came up I saw Westfall take his right hand from prosecutor's right-hand waistcoat pocket. Barron was holding prosecutor's left arm. I went for them and the third man ran away. Barron also ran away, but as I knew him I said, "All right, Barron, I know you; you can go." I detained Westfall, and just then another policeman came up and Barron ran right into his arms. We took them to the police-station. Cross-examined by Mr. McDonald. There were a number of people about. The place was well lighted and I could see distinctly. I have no doubt the prisoners are two of the men who hustled the prosecutor and I am certain it was Westfall who struck him and afterwards put his hand in his waistcoat pocket. Police-constable WILLIAM HOLMES, 698 K, deposed to arresting prisoner Barron and assisting Hayward to take prisoner to the policestation. When charged Barron said, "I know nothing about it. Westfall said, "Is any 4s. found on me?" Only 2 1/2 d. was found on him. CHARLES FOILE, potman, 25, Beaumont Road, Plaistow. On January 3, about midnight, I was in East India Dock Road when three men pounced on me and went down my pockets. One of them struck me under the jaw. I could not say which one it was. Prisoners are two of the men who pounced on me. I suffer from heart disease and the result of the blow was that I was laid up for a week. I lost two 2s. pieces from the pocket of my waistcoat, which I was wearing under a Cardigan jacket. To Mr. McDonald. I had had a drink or two, but was not drunk. When Hayward came up after the assault he asked me if I had lost anything and I said "Yes, 4s." I did not say I had lost a watch and chain. I am sure prisoner's are two of the men who assaulted me because they never had a chance of getting away. I did not strike Westfall. HENRY O'BRIEN, Divisional Surgeon, I happened to be in the police-station on the night in question and saw prosecutor. He appeared to be in a dazed condition and ill. I could not say whether he was drunk or not, because I did not examine him then. I examined him two days afterwards by the magistrate's order and found a small lump and some discolouration on the jaw. I found his heart was in a very bad state and such a blow as he states he received might have been attended with very serious consequences. To Mr. McDonald. If prosecutor drank a great deal it would be very bad for him, but still a violent blow would be very serious. (Defence.) ARTHUR WESTFALL (prisoner, on oath). I produce my seaman's discharge book from November, 1909, to December, 1911, showing my character to be "very good." A discharge book was found upon me when I was arrested belonging to Maurice Murphy, which I took from him while he was fighting in Commercial Road on December 23, and because I would not give my name the police jumped to the conclusion that it was my book and called me Maurice Murphy. On this night inquestion I had been working with a man named Today on a ship called the Rufus till 11 o'clock. We left together and, walking across the centre of the bridge, we went into the urinal. As I came out I met four or five people and one of them, the prosecutor, punched me on the nose. I struck back. Then I was knocked down by Police-constable Hayward, and when I got up he said, "You've got that man's watch and chain." I said, "You have made a great mistake." Then he took me and the other prisoner, one in each hand, and said, "You will have to come to the station. "At the station we were charged with stealing 6d., till the police whispered to the prosecutor, who said that he had lost 4s., and then we were charged with robbing him of two 2s. pieces. They would not let Today into the station and at the police court I told the magistrate I had him as a witness, but he would not let me call him. I have never seen Barron before. I was not one of the men who pounced on prosecutor or had any hand in robbing him. Cross-examined. When prosecutor punched me on the nose it bled, but I forgot to point it out to the police. I had no chance, because I was knocked about so. After I got to the station the inspector hit me across the face with the charge book and knocked me down. I always fulfil my engagements unless I have a proper excuse; I have 23 years' discharges, which will prove that. (Friday, February 2.) Judge Rentoul said that, having regard to the attacks which had been made by the prisoner Westfall on the conduct of the police, and the Magistrate in not allowing him to call a witness, be thought it necessary that the jury should be in possession of information as to his previous career. ARTHUR WESTFALL (prisoner on oath). Further cross-examined. I remember being convicted at this court on July 7, 1906, for stealing from the person and sentenced to four years' penal servitude. (Several other convictions dating from 1897 were admitted by the prisoner.) Inspector HARRY SMITH, K division. I took the charge when prisoners were brought to the station. Barron gave his name; Westfall said, on being! asked his name, "Find out," but allowed himself to be charged as" Maurice Murphy." JAMES BARRON (prisoner, not on oath). I want to ask you, gentlemen, if the constable thought I was guilty why he sent me away. When prosecutor was walking behind to the station he said he never saw any struggle and never saw me either. Verdict, Guilty. Previous convictions were proved against Barron. Sentences: Westfall, eighteen months' hard labour; Barron, four months' hard labour. BEFORE Mr. JUSTICE RIDLEY. (Friday, February 2.) SCANNELL, James (42, shoemaker), was indicted for and charged on the coroner's inquisition with the wilful murder of Thomas Fenton Churchman. Mr. Muir, Mr. Travers Humphreys, and Mr. Graham-Campibell prosecuted; Mr. Ashby defended. EDWIN THOMAS ENSOR, registered medical practitioner, 2, Galborne Road, N. Kensington. About 10.45 p.m. on December 30 a Mrs. Wise and deceased came to my house. He was suffering from a wound situated about midway between the naval and the pubic bone in the central line of the abdomen about three-quarters of an inch in length, transverse in direction. There was no external bleeding, but the clothing was blood-stained to a slight extent. From his symptoms I gathered the wound had gone through the abdominal wall, reaching the abdominal cavity and there injured important vessels from which there was internal hemorrhage. He was very ill and I sent for the police. He was removed to the hospital. He had nothing in his hand. Cross-examined. The wound had the appearance of having been caused by a very sharp instrument, but it would require a certain amount of force, because the tissues there are somewhat of a fibrous character. HENRY CHURCHMAN, road sweeper, 100, Church Street, Croydon. On January 1 I went to the hospital and saw the body of deceased, my nephew. He was 42 years old. I last saw him alive on December 26; he came to my house at 9.45 p.m. and he slept the night. He was fireman on board a ship and had latterly been passing under the name of "Thomas White" He is a married man. Jeans is not his wife. Cross-examined. He lived with Jeans some years, and about a year ago he deserted her. (To the Court.) This last year he was abroad. I do not know prisoner. LOUISA JEANS, single woman. I had known deceased about eight years; he was a gardener in the same place where I was a servant. I lived with him for some years; I did not know he was married at first I have had three children by him. In May, 1910, we went to live at 56, Arlington Road, Camden Town, where we made the acquaintance of prisoner, who was living there also, as a single man. In November deceased left me with the three children to keep and after a time prisoner and I lived together. I had a child by him. On December 26 we were living at 8, Bosworth Road. Prisoner is a bootmaker and he kept his tools in the sitting-room, which is the front room ground floor. From that window you can see anyone standing on the left of the steps outside the front door. In the early part of the evening of December 26 deceased called when prisoner and I were in. I opened the door and he asked me if I wanted to see him. I went out with him; prisoner from the window could see us going down the steps. I was with deceased rather more than 30 minutes; I parted fom him at the top of the road. I returned to prisoner and told him what had happened, and that deceased had said he was going away that night and we should never see him again. He was rather upset at his having come. Things went on as usual until December 30; he was keeping sober. At 10 p.m. on that day a knock came at the door, which we did not answer not for any particular reason. Then came a rat-a-tat, which he answered; as far as I know he did not know who it was when he went. The next thing I heard was a woman saying, "Scannell, take it in." I went out and saw Mrs. Patterson asking prisoner to go indoors. I also saw Mrs. Wise and Mrs. Collins, but not deceased. Prisoner came in with the shoemaker's knife (produced) in his hand; it was usually kept on his bench in the front room with his other tools. I do not know how he came to have it in his hand; the knife would be only a little distance from him when he got up to open the door. On his coming into the house he said he should stay there till he was fetched and what he had done he had done in self-defence. I did not know and I did! not question (him as to what he had done; I did not know that it was deceased who had come to the door. In the early part of the evening prisoner had had a great deal of drink, and when he came home he rested in the chair; he had been in two hours before the knock came and he was not a great deal better then. About 30 minutes after the police came; prisoner had been standing by the fireplace all the time saying nothing; he had the knife in his pocket. He had been wearing his overcoat all the evening. Cross-examined. He might have had the knife in his pocket all that day for all I know. When the knocking came we could not tell whether it was for somebody else in the building or for us. Prisoner has provided for me and my three children since deceased deserted me, and he has always behaved well. When deceased called the first time before going out with him I told prisoner who it was, and he asked, me to get him away as he was anxious to avoid unpleasantness. I did not tell deceased the prisoner was in when he asked me; he said, "If I get hold of him I will kill him. It was very likely that I told prisoner what deceased had said. When out with deceased I saw Mrs. Collins, who asked me to come in. Deceased told me he was going to Croydon and then to Liverpool. Prisoner's manner is very excitable when he has had beer. When he has had a great deal of drink he does not seem to quite know what he is doing. On the 30th he was sitting on the side of the fireplace nearest to the window. As far as I have noticed a few drinks have no effect upon him. Re-examined. I believe the deceased was going away for good; I cannot say whether prisoner did. His name was not mentioned between us between the 26th and the 30th; I heard nothing of him in the interval. Police-constable Benjamin Spencer, 194 X, proved the plans of the front room and the front door of 8, Bosworth Road, and stated that there were five steps, including the large flag at the top, leading to front door, and that the nearest light was 15 ft. from the centre of the steps. KATE COLLINS, wife of William Collins, labourer, 6, Bosworth Road. My sister is married to prisoner's brother. About 7 p.m. on December 26 prisoner sent to my house asking to see my husband. He was in bed with a cold, so I went. I asked him what he wanted and he said, "I can't tell." I said, "Why can't you tell me? I am a married woman. If you can tell Bill you can tell me." He said, "I do not know what to do. That woman's husband came and all these children are screaming." I said, "Surely she would not do such a thing." He said, "I don't want the landlord and all the people to hear these children crying, she has been gone such a long time. I want her watched." I said I would go and speak to her for him. I went out and saw her speaking with a man. I told her all her children were screaming. About 9.30 p.m. on December 30 I was outside talking to Mrs. Patterson and Mrs. Wise when the man I had seen on the 26th came and asked if anybody knew the name of Scannells. He then looked up and said, "This is the house." He went up and knocked at the door, but it was not answered. He said to us, "You are all looking at me and you will see a pretty fine scene all the way round." He knocked again and prisoner came to the door. He said to prisoner, "Good evening, Jim. You don't live here." He then took him by the collar and threw him down the steps. He then came on the flat part at the top of the steps as if he was going to go for him, and prisoner turned round and punched him in the stomach with his right fist; I did not see anything in it at the time. Deceased said, "You've done it, Jim," and Mrs. Wise took him away. Prisoner then said, "I done it in self-defence," and showed me a knife which he had in his right hand. I did not see anything in deceased's hands. When he knocked first he was eating nuts. Prisoner had been drinking all day; he was not sober. I subsequently identified the body of deceased. Cross-examined. When I saw deceased on the 26th I did not hear what he was saying to Jeans; he did not speak to me. Prisoner fell right on to the pavement and then deceased came on to the flat part at the top with his foot out as if he were going to continue the attack, and prisoner came up and hit him. Deceased would have the light of the street lamp on his face. After he was struck deceased put his hands into his pockets. Re-examined. I think prisoner went up two steps before he hit deceased. I cannot say where deceased's hands were when the blow was struck. ELLEN PATTERSON, wife of Charles Patterson, labourer, 6, Bosworth Road. At about 10 p.m. on December 30 I was with Mrs. Wise and Mrs. Collins in front of No. 6, when deceased came and knocked at the door of No. 8. (The witness here corroborated the evidence of the last witness.) Cross-examined. Deceased, after he had thrown prisoner to the ground, came off the top step on to the next as if he was going to him, and then prisoner turned round and struck him with his fist. ELIZABETH WISE, wife of George Wise, labourer, 24, Bosworth Road. About 10 p.m. on December 30 I was with Mrs. Collins and Mrs. Patterson near the door of No. 8, when I saw deceased go up and knock at the door of that house. There was no answer, and after two or three minutes he knocked again. The door was opened by somebody, and he put up his hands as if to hit somebody. The door came open further and then a man, whom I now know to be prisoner, came out and said, "Take that. He hit deceased in the stomach. Deceased said, "Jim, you've done it on me. Why didn't you have a fair fight?. I saw nothing in prisoner's or deceased's hands. When the blow was struck deceased's hands were up in the air ready to fight. The blow took place on the top step. I took deceased to Dr. Ensor's. Cross-examined. Deceased was a good deal bigger than prisoner. It took us nearly an hour to get to the doctor, as he was ill on the way. JANS REED, wife of George Reed, 120, Arlington Road, landlord of 156, Arlington Road. Prisoner, deceased and Jeans lived at No. 156, Deceased left on November 10. About 7.45 a.m. on December 26 he called at my house and asked me a question. ANDREW DINGLE, carman, 3, Preston Street, Paddington. In August, 1911, prisoner, Jeans and some children came to live at my house, and remained for a few weeks. On December 26 a smartish and biggish man, who looked like a sea-faring man, came and asked a question. Cross-examined. He said he had been looking for prisoner and asked if he lived there. Police-constable Percy Dark, 421 X. At 10.45 p.m. on December 30 I was called to Dr. Ensor's surgery by Mrs. Wise. I saw deceased there and I took him to St. Mary's Hospital. CHARLES WALTER GORDON BRYAN. In December last I was casualty surgeon at St. Mary's Hospital. At 11 p.m. on the 30th the deceased was brought in suffering from a wound in the abdomen and shock. At 12.20 a.m. I saw him later with Dr. Berry, and later that day a necessary operation was performed. The wound might have been caused by this knife. WILLIAM ARTHUR BERRY, house surgeon, St. Mary's Hospital. At 12.20 a.m. on December 31 I saw deceased. I performed an operation that afternoon. I found that the stabbing wound communicated with the abdominal cavity; the bowel was cut. He became rapidly worse, and it was decided to dose the wound. He died at 1.5 p.m. from syncope, due to loss of blood, caused by the cutting of the right external iliac vein, inflicted before the operation. The knife had penetrated about 4 in. Cross-examined. Even with such a sharp knife as this considerable force would have to be used to penetrate the distance it did. Assuming that the deceased was coming down upon the knife, that would intensify the effect of the blow, but I do not think falling upon the knife would of itself be sufficient. I do not think that the direction in which deceased was coming would have very much to do with it, since the wound went backwards and downwards. Police-constable 728 X. At 11 p.m. on December 30 I went to Dr. Ensor's surgery, where I saw deceased. From there I went to 8, Bosworth Road, and knocked at the door. Prisoner opened it three inches, and said, "Who is there?. I said, "A police officer." He went into the front room and I followed him. He was fully dressed and wearing an overcoat. He took this knife (produced) from his right-hand overcoat pocket, and said, "I stuck it right in his gut, but it was my life or his. I told him I would arrest him for wounding a man and he said, "Are you here by yourself or are there any more besides you?. I said, "Yes, there are, but at the corner." He said, "Don't put your hands on me, as this knife is sharp and I am quick. I asked him to put the knife in my pocket book and he said, "I will not. I'll hand it to the inspector at the station," and he put the knife back into his pocket. I took him by the collar and he said, "I will go to the station quietly if you don't touch this knife." I then took him to the station, where he gave the inspector the knife. I noticed small bloodstains upon the point. When charged with malicious wounding he made no reply. I should say he was sober. Cross-examined. When I went into the house he was very excited. Inspector Frank Hamblett, X Division. On December 30 I saw prisoner at the station. I said, "You have a knife in your possession," and he said, "Yes, here it is," and gave me this knife (produced). He continued, "This is what I did it with. He came after me and I put it in his gut. I told him he would be detained and he said, "Well, I was first. If he had been first, I should not be here." Detective-inspector Frank Pike, X Division. At 10.50 p.m. on December 31 I saw prisoner at the station and told him he would be charged with murder and cautioned him. He said, "Not guilty of murder. White came to the door and directly I opened it he caught hold of my collar and came after me. It was me or him for it and 1 struck him with a knife. When formally charged he made no reply. Cross-examined. In 1889 prisoner enlisted and up to that time he had led a sober and steady life. On October 3, 1901, he was admitted to the Hanwell Lunatic Asylum and he was discharged on the 28th of the same month. On October 31 he gave himself up as a deserter. He was taken back to his regiment and then certified as a lunatic. On December 11, 1901, Lieut. Long certified him as suffering from delusions and that he was in danger from a supposed gang, and he was discharged as being permanently unfit for service and as a dangerous lunatic. He again went to Hanwell, where he remained till 1902. In May of that year he went back again and remained till September. On his own initiative he returned again in October and remained till February, 1903, when he was discharged as cured. He has worked as a journeyman shoemaker and is described as a good workman, but he gives way to drink; he has been fined twice, in 1905 and 1907. In April, 1908, he was taken to the workhouse suffering from chronic alcoholism; he was discharged in the same month. The books of Hanwell Asylum show that an uncle of his died insane. Police-sergeant FREDERICK REED, X Division. On January 1 I went to St. Mary's Hospital, where I received deceased's clothing, in a pocket of which was this small penknife (Exhibit 4). SIDNEY REGINALD DYER, Medical Officer, Brixton Prison. I have kept prisoner under careful observation since January 1. My conclusion is he is sane; he has been perfectly rational during the whole time. I am of opinion that he was sane at the time he committed this act. I have considered the whole of his history carefully and have come to the conclusion that the cause of his temporary periods of insanity has been alcohol; this was 10 years ago and such insanity passes away. Cross-examined. If the drinking is pursued the insanity returns. A man who has had alcoholic insanity is not quite so sane as a man with a clear mental sheet; he might possibly have slight exaltations. I do not think the drink he had on this day should result in his not being) able to realise things as they should be. The fear on his mind might perhaps make (him a little more excited. Re-examined. The insanity would be brought about by a prolonged period of excessive drinking; it would probably begin by delirium tremens, and there would be delusions, exaltations, and violence. This result would not be produced by getting drunk on one day. Mr. Justice Ridley stated that he was not of opinion that a case of wilful murder could be maintained. Prisoner thereupon withdrew his plea of not guilty and pleaded guilty of manslaughter, under strong provocation. The jury returned a verdict of Guilty of Manslaughter. Sentence: Five years' penal servitude. GOUGH, Thomas (22, fish salesman), Ellen Simcox. Verdict: Not guilty. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Friday, February 2.) BRANDES, Wilhelm (53, engineer), forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain endorsement on an order for the payment of money, to wit, a banker's cheque for  62 7s.; embezzling the several turns of  62 7s.,  71 13s. 4d., and  110 7s. 9d., received by him for and on account of Germain Guilliet and others, his masters; stealing the sum of  65, received by him for and on account of Germain Guilliet and others, his masters; unlawfully altering and falsifyingcertain papers and accounts, the property of his said employers, to wit, 28 weekly statements of the expenses of Albert Morris Malkin, in each case with intent to defraud. Prisoner pleaded guilty of falsifying accounts, which plea was accepted by the prosecution. Prisoner was stated to have been manager, at a large income, of an English branch of a German company and to have embezzled their moneys. He was a man of great ability. He had! at first accused an innocent man of this crime, but had afterwards withdrawn that. Sentence: Fifteen months' imprisonment, second division. The prosecution asked that prisoner should be ordered to pay the costs of the prosecution. The Recorder refused, there being no evidence that prisoner had means. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Friday, February 2.) BROOKES, Walter (43, agent), breaking and entering the counting-house of Marie Louise Nutt and stealing therein four 500 franc Ville de Paris Bonds, her property; breaking and entering the counting house of Albert George Johnson, and stealing therein certain of his goods. Mr. B.C. Ferrers prosecuted; Mr. David White defended. CHARLES HENRY COLLINS. I am warehouseman and key holder in the employ of Mrs. Nutt, 59, Long Acre. On Tuesday, January 2, at 7.45 p.m., I fastened up the premises securely. Next morning I found an entry had been effected by forcing the street door and also the door in the passage; the desks had been interfered with in the shop, and cupboards and locks had been forced in Mrs. Nutt's office on the first floor. Mr. White admitted that the premises had been entered, but submitted that there was no evidence to connect prisoner with that portion of the indictment, whereupon Mr. Ferrers elected to proceed with the count charging prisoner with being in possession of the property stolen. MARIE LOUISE NUTT, publisher and bookseller, 59, Long Acre. I was absent from London in January and returned about the 12th or 15th. On going to my business premises I found cupboards and drawers broken open, papers scattered about, and the French bonds, mentioned in the charge, missing. Cross-examined. I cannot tell you the numbers of the bonds. The numbers were obtained from my stockbroker in Paris. He is not here today. Thousands of these bonds are issued. The police inquired of me if I had lost any bonds, but they did not tell me the numbers of the bonds they had, and when they asked me what the numbers of the bonds I had lost were I told them I did not know. Detective-sergeant ALBERT CRUTCHETT, New Scotland Yard. On the evening of January 8 I, in company with other officers, was keeping observation on the "Highfield" public-house, Cathcart Road, South Kensington. I saw prisoner in the bar with three or four other men. I called him out and asked him if he had any property about him which did not belong to him. He said, "No." I told him I was a police officer and should search him. On doing so I found in his inside overcoat pocket the paper bag containing the bonds (produced). I asked him where he got them, and he said a man had just given them to him to mind. Cross-examined. I received information from an officer named Keen, who was keeping watch inside the public-house, that prisoner had been seen with a parcel in his hand. Detective-sergeant WILLIAM KEEN, New Scotland Yard. On January 8 I saw prisoner inside the "Highfield" public-house examining a small parcel and also holding a whispered conversation with some other men. I informed Sergeant Crutchett, who afterwards arrested him, and found on him the bonds (produced). Cross-examined. I did not see the parcel given to prisoner by anybody. I cannot remember whether he was talking to a man with a black moustache. Detective-sergeant ALFRED COLLINS. I was in charge of the case originally, and on hearing of the prisoner's arrest I ascertained that some bonds were missing from the premises which had been broken into. I asked the prosecutrix if she could give me the numbers of the bonds, but she could not do so, though she accurately described them. Subsequently she furnished me with certain numbers, and on comparing those numbers with the numbers of the bonds found in the possession of the prisoner I found they were identical. Cross-examined. I charged prisoner with breaking into the premises in Long Acre, because he was in possession of the stolen property. I have made inquiries and have ascertained that prisoner has never been charged with any offence before. (Defence.) WALTER BROOKES (prisoner on oath). On January 8 I was in the "Highfield," and met a man I had seen four or five times before. He gave me the bonds and said, "Will you see if they are of any value and meet me here tomorrow night at eight o'clock?" I said I would, but if I did not see him where could I find him. He wrote me an address, 58, Shardloes Road, North End Road (which I handed to the officer, Keen), and wished me good night. Then the officers came in and I was arrested. Cross-examined. The man's name is Barker. I did not instruct my solicitor to try and find him, but I gave his address to the police. Verdict, Not guilty. BEFORE MR. JUSTICE RIDLEY. (Monday, February 5.) JENNER, George (43, cook) was indicted for (count 1) carnally knowing Elizabeth Maud Jenner, who to his knowledge was and is his daughter; (count 2) attempting to carnally know the said Elizabeth Maud Jenner, who to his knowledge was and is has daughter; (third count) indecently assaulting the said Elizabeth Maud Jenner. Before prisoner was called upon to plead, Mr. Graham-Campbell, for the prosecution, asked his Lordship's ruling upon a point of procedure. Counts 1 and 2 were laid under the Punishment of Incest Act, 1908 (8 Edward VII., c. 46); section 5 provided that "all proceedings under this Act shall be held in camera." The third count charging simply indecent assault involved a public trial, unless (which counsel rather doubted) there was inherent jurisdiction in his Lordship to clear the court upon grounds of public decency. Mr. Justice Ridley asked what course the prosecution suggested should be taken. Mr. Graham Campbell suggested that prisoner might be called upon to plead to the first two counts, the third remaining on the file to be dealt with if necessary. This course had been adopted in a case at this Court before Mr. Justice Jelf (R. v. Petty, Sessions Papers, Vol. CLI, page 93). Mr. Justice Ridley adopted this suggestion and prisoner was arraigned upon counts 1 and 2, to which he pleaded not guilty. Verdict, Guilty upon both counts. Sentence: Three years' penal servitude. SCALLY, Patrick (29, coster) and McDONNELL, Bridget (23), Patrick Scally, being a male person, unlawfully carnally knowing Bridget McDonnell, who was to his knowledge his sister; Bridget McDonnell, being a female person, unlawfully permitting Patrick Scally to have carnal knowledge of her, she then well knowing him to be her brother. Verdict, Guilty. Sentences: Scally, Three years' penal servitude; McDonnell, Twelve months' hard labour. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Monday, February 5.) COOPER, Herbert (37, instructor), forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain order for the payment of money, to wit, a banker's cheque for  90 4s. 3d., with intent to defraud. Mr. Muir and Mr. Leycester prosecuted; Mr. Purcell and Mr. Tully-Christie defended. FREDERICK WILLIAM WITT, cashier, Gas Meter Company, Limited, 236, Kingsland Road. On January 18 I drew this cheque (Exhibit 1) for 9 3s. 4d., payable to the order of T. S. Borradaile, and crossed it with an india-rubber stamp "and Co. "It was signed by two directors and the secretary, and enclosed in a letter addressed to "S. Pontifex and Co., Regnart Buildings, Euston Street, Church Street, N.W. "This company and Borradaile's are two branches of the same business carried on by two gentlemen named Lennard. I handed the letter to Field, a clerk, at 4.45 p.m. for postage. No person had any authority from us to alter the cheque or to endorse it. WILLIAM FIELD, junior clerk, Gas Meter Company, Limited. At 4.45 p.m. on January 18, Mr. Witt handed me 101 letters, amongst which was one addressed to "S. Pontifex and Co.," to be posted. I took them to the post-office at 289, Kingsland Road, and posted them, registering two. I counted them. This letter was not one of the registered ones. CHARLES JOHN BARCLAY, managing clerk to F. W. Lennard and his brother, trading as "S. Pontifex and Co." and as "T. S. Borradaile, Regnart Buildings, Button Street." On January 18,  9 4s. 3d. was due to us from the Gas Meter Company. We never received from them a letter containing this cheque (Exhibit 1). The endorsement thereon, "T. L. Borradaile," is a forgery. Our letter-box is in a clerk's office, and cannot be got at from outside except through the aperture. We have not missed any letters except this one. J. HAWK, paying cashier, London Joint Stock Bank, Princes Street. About 1.5 p.m. on January 20 prisoner came in and went to the P to Z division, and handed this cheque (Exhibit 1) to the cashier, who put it on my desk. Prisoner followed it. It was exactly as it is now; the amount in figures and letters is  90 3s. 4d., and it is endorsed "T. L. Borradaile." On examining it I instructed the messenger not to allow him to escape. I said to prisoner, "Do you come from Mr. Borradaile, the payee?" and he said, "Yes." The police were fetched, and Inspector Thompson came. Detective-inspector ERNEST THOMPSON, City Police. On the after noon of January 20 I was fetched to the London Joint Stock Bank, where I saw prisoner. Mr. Batcher said to him, "These are police officers. You had better explain to them where you got the cheque from." He was holding Exhibit 1 in his hand. Prisoner said, "My name is Harry Roberts; I am a physical culturist, and live at 35, Robert Street, Hampstead Road, N.W. This cheque was given to me last night by my brother-in-Thomas Lawrence Borradaile, an electrician. I do not know his place of business." I said, "Where does he live?" but he made no reply. I then said, "I hope you are telling me the truth, as you will be detained while inquiries are made regarding your statement." He said, I will tell you the truth. A fellow named percy I knew in the Imperial Light Horse in South Africa asked me to cash it for him last night. We were in a public-house opposite Fred Wall's in the Hampstead Road." I took him to the station, where he was charged with forging and uttering; he made no reply. He gave his name and address as Herbert Cooper, 34, Arlington Road, Camden Town. I have not been, able to find "Percy." Cross-examined. So far as I know prisoner has never been charged before. Re-examined. He declined to give me any account of himself. I asked him if he could describe Percy to me and he said he could not tell me whether "Percy" was his Christian or his surname, nor could he describe him. (Defence.) HERBERT COOPER (prisoner, on oath). My name is Herbert Cooper and I live at 34, Arlington Road. I was in the Royal Dublin Fusiliers and my discharge paper is marked "Very good." I went through the African campaign and obtained certain medals. I left the Army in 1902. (Witness produced certificate of character he had obtained while in South Africa from 1902 to 1907, where he had been employed in turn by the Central South African Railway, the Mayer and Lewis, the Lancaster Gold Mining Company, and the West Rand School, in the capacity (amongst others) of gymnasium instructor.) I left Johannesburg in August, 1907, for England. I did nothing for a time, but in September, 1909, 1 was appointed as gymnasium instructor at Aldershot and I produce my certificate of character. I subsequently obtained employment in the same capacity at the Working Boys' Home Club, and I produce the certificate dated April 29, 1910. Since then I have been giving lessons in physical culture. This man Percy gave me this cheque to cash in a public-house. I thought him well-to-do. I had met him several times; I knew him in Africa. He gave me a sovereign every week. He said the cheque was drawn by his brother-in-law, but he did not mention his name. I did not know it was forged. Cross-examined. He was in the South African Light Horse when I was in the Dublin Fusiliers and I met him in the campaign. I think he went then by the name of Corporal Woodall, but I am not quite sure. I told Inspector Thompson that I did not know his surname, because at the time I could not remember it. I think I knew "Percy" was not his surname. He gave me the cheque the night before I cashed it. I looked at it when I got home, but only noticed the amount. I was to meet him on the Saturday evening in this public-house, I think, at six o'clock, to give him the money. I did not ask him why he could not cash it himself; he said he was very busy and was going to Highgate and I believed him. I know nobody of the name of Borradaile; he told me it was his brother-in-law, an electrician, and that I might as well say it was my brother-in-law as it was only a matter of form. That did not make me suspect anything. He did not tell me his brother-in-law's address or Christian name. I was confused when I gave Inspector Thompson my name as "Roberts "; I told him I lived in Robert Street, my last address, and I thought he was asking me again when I said "Roberts." He said, "What Christian name?" and I said, "Harry "; I am always called "Harry." It is true I wag living then in Arlington Road, and I was confused when I said "Robert Street "; it was the first thing I thought of. I think it was No. 36 I lived at. I will not deny I told him my brother-in-law's name was Borradaile, but I do not remember saying his name was Thomas Lawrence. When asked to describe Percy I think I told him that he was about 5 ft. 11 in. with a long, fair moustache; I know I told someone that. Percy told me he was on the Stock Exchange, but I did not know where he lived. It did not occur to me to tell the inspector that I had an appointment with him to give him the money. Percy had given me a sovereign a fortnight for boxing lessons and he was going to give me a sovereign for cashing this cheque. I have not been in regular employment for two years. I did not refuse to give any account of myself; I do not think I was asked to. This piece of paper I wrote telling the police to give My property to my wife. (Here witness, as directed, wrote "T. L. Borradaile" twice. Mr. Leycester, on comparing the writings, stated he did not suggest they were similar.) (To the Court.) I did not endorse the cheque and I did not see it written. Detective-inspector E. THOMPSON. Recalled. (To the Court.) The document was obtained from him for the genuine purpose of handing his property to his wife. Verdict, Guilty of uttering. Sentence: Eight months' imprisonment, second division. ALLINGHAM, Charles, otherwise Harrington (57, labourer), PERRY William (48, waiter), and THOMAS, George (43, porter), all unlawfully possessing counterfeit coin with intent to utter the same; all unlawfully uttering counterfeit coin twice on the same day; Harrington and Thomas feloniously possessing counterfeit coin with intent to utter the same; Harrington and Thomas feloniously uttering counterfeit coin twice on the same day. Mr. Beaumont Maurice prosecuted. Perry and Thomas pleaded guilty. SARAH KING'S depositions, having been proved in the usual manner, were read. (Medical evidence was called to show that she was unable to attend the Court.) Detective-sergeant ALBEBT BOREHAM, H division. At 4 p.m. on January 6 I saw prisoner (Allingham) and Perry leave the "Black Horse" public-house, Leman Street. I went and spoke to Mrs. King. On coming out I saw them going up Leman Street towards High Street. I followed them. They stopped outside the "Baker and Basket" public-house. Prisoner then went to the kerb and appeared to drop something; I afterwards saw there was a street gully near where he had been standing. They then went to the corner of Leman Street and High Street, where they met Thomas., They talked a few minutes together. Thomas took something from his inside jacket pocket and handed it to Perry. Prisoner and Perry then went down Leman Street followed by Thomas; they turned into Colchester Street. I then got assistance. As I turned into Colchester Street I saw Thomas standing on the kerb at the corner of "The Man in the Moon" public-house and prisoner appeared to be looking in the door of the public bar. I went up to the door and Perry came out and spoke to him. I caught hold of them and pushed them into the lobby. I directed the other officer to arrest Thomas, and he did so. I told all there that 1 was a police officer and suspected them of uttering counterfeit coin. Prisoner said, "You will not find any bad money on me." I found none on him or Perry, but in the inside pocket of Thomas's jacket I found these eleven counterfeit florins (Exhibit 3). At the station I found on him eight shillings, seven sixpences, and 10d. in bronze, good money. I was shown in "The Man in the Moon" some florins from which I took this counterfeit one (Exhibit 2). When they were charged they made no reply. At 1.30 a.m. on January 7 I was present when this bent counterfeit florin (Exhibit 1) was found in the gully; it was afterwards identified by Mrs. King as the coin she had bent. SIDNEY WILLIAM SMITH, Assistant Assayer, H.M. Mint. The 11 florins (Exhibit 3) are ail counterfeit, six of them being dated 1908 and five 1903; eight of them were separately wrapped in tissue paper. Exhibit 2 is a counterfeit florin dated 1908; I am unable to say if it came from the same mould as the other 1906 coins. Exhibit 1 is another counterfeit florin, dated 1908, from the same mould as Exhibit 2. (Defence.) WILLIAM PERRY. (To the Court.) It was I who put the florin that the lady at the "Black Horse" returned to me down the gutter; prisoner never had it in his possession. Cross-examined. Prisoner was in the "Black Horse" with me and saw the lady give it back to me. I showed it to him. CHARLES ALLINGHAM (prisoner, not on oath). I did not have the coin in my possession. I have not uttered any. No one can say that I have. Perry merely asked me to have a drink and I had one with him, not knowing what he was going to put down. Although he had put one down I was not to know he was going to put another down. Verdict, Guilty. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction of uttering on September 6, 1910, in the name of Charles Harrington. Allingham was further indicted for that he is a habitual criminal. The consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions, the notices to prisoner and to the officer of the court, dated January 22 and 27, and the following statutory convictions were proved: 1904, October 21, at Essex Quarter Sessions, three years' penal servitude for house breaking; 1910, February 8, at this Court, six months' hard labour for uttering; 1910, September 6, at this Court, 18 months' hard labour for uttering, from which sentence he was released on December 6, 1911. Detective-sergeant ALBERT BOREHAM (recalled). On January 6 I asked prisoner if he could refer me to any person for whom he had worked. He said, "No, I have been out of employment." He has never done any honest work. Judge Lumley Smith stated that he had very great doubt (though there had been no decision as yet on the point) as to whether the convictions now proposed to be proved could be proved by the production. Only of the signed certificates of conviction, and he would only take the convictions which were strictly proved. Warder WILLIAM REYNOLDS, Brixton Prison. I was present on the last occasion when the following convictions were proved against prisoner: 1894, November 17, six months' hard labour, larceny; 1891, November 20, six months, stealing, 1894; May 21, 18 months, stealing; 1898, October 12, three months, stealing; 1900, April 27, six months, under the Prevention of Crimes Act; 1901, August 5, two months, stealing; 1902, September 9, 18 months, stealing; 1904, April 27, 12 months, stealing; 1905, August 6, six months, under the Prevention of Crimes Act; 1907, November 18, three months, frequenting. Detective-sergeant ALBERT BOREHAM (recalled). Since his release prisoner has been living at a Rowton House and has been associating with bad characters. Cross-examined by prisoner. You did not say that the coppers found upon you had obtained by selling newspapers. Prisoner, called upon for his defence, stated that he would leave the matter entirely in the hands of the Court. Verdict, Guilty. Thomas confessed to a previous conviction of uttering at this Court on March 28, 1911, when he was sentenced to six months' hard labour. It was stated that since his release he had done no honest work and that he was an associate of thieves. Perry had refused all information as to himself. He had been seen in the company of Allingham. Sentences: Allingham, Three years' penal servitude and five years' preventive detention; Thomas, Eighteen months' hard labour on each indictment, to run concurrently; Perry, Eight months' hard labour. JARVIS, David (54, merchant), and JARVIS, Alfred Harold (18, chauffeur), both conspiring and agreeing together to obtain for the said A. H. Jarvis a situation of emolument by forging and uttering a certain forged testimonial of character, and D. Jarvis unlawfully forging and uttering a certain testimonial of character, in each case with intent to defraud; A. H. Jarvis forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, seven several receipts for the payment of money, in each case with intent to defraud; A. H. Jarvis obtaining by false pretences from John Gilbert Dale  1 16s.,  5 7s. 3d., and  4 1s., in each case with intent to defraud. David Jarvis pleaded guilty; Alfred Harold Jarvis pleaded guilty to all the indictments with the exception of the indictments relating to the forging of the six of the seven receipts. Mr. Travers Humphreys prosecuted; Mr. Bodkin appeared for the Prisoners. Prisoners are father and son. The son had obtained employment as a chauffeur with Mr. Dale by means of a genuine and of a forged character, the latter being written by the father. The son had by obtaining sums from Mr. Dale for accessories from Renault, Limited, which he had never obtained, defrauded Mr. Dale of the sum of  34, showing forged receipts therefor. To enable him to do this he had, it was alleged, corrupted a man named Godwin, a clerk in the employ of Renault, Limited, who had been instrumental in obtaining him the receipt from the company, and had also stolen certain accessories for the prosecutor's car. On leaving prosecutor's employ the son had returned to the service of a Mrs. Wilson, who had befriended him, and who subsequently found she had been robbed in a similar manner. Mr. Travers Humphreys asked whether prisoner wished the court to take cognisance of the facts relating to these charges, which would otherwise be the subject of a further prosecution by Mrs. Wilson. Mr. Bodkin stated that he must leave Mr. Travers Humphreys to act upon his instructions. Judge Lumley Smith said that as the facts were not admitted he could not take cognisance of them. It was further stated that the son had originally obtained employment as chauffeur to Messrs. Harrod's by means of a forged character, also written by the father. Mr. Bodkin, on behalf of the father, urged that Mr. Dale in engaging prisoner had not been influenced alone by the forged character. A number of witnesses were called to speak to David Jarvis's high character; one of them. (LEWIS MARKS, managing director of Messrs. D. Morgan, Limited) stated that he was willing to take the son into his employment. It was urged on behalf of the son that the success which had resulted from his ability as a chauffeur had turned his head. Sentences: David Jarvis, fined  5 and ordered to pay the costs connected with his own prosecution as distinct from the prosecution of his son; Alfred Harold Jarvis, Four months' imprisonment, second division. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Monday, February 5.) ORMES, Alfred William (27, clerk), feloniously embezzling divers sum of money, to wit, 15s., 18s.,  2 7s. 6d., and 15s. respectively, received by him for and on account of Roland Bruce Chessum, his master. Mr. L. W. J. Costello prosecuted; Mr. Metcalfe defended. ROLAND BRUCE CHESSUM, 7a, South Place, E.C. I am in partnership with my brother as J. Chessum and Son. Prisoner was employed by us clerk. This document, which he had in his possession up to the hour he was dismissed, sets forth his duties, which have been revised from time to time. He had to collect rents each Monday at Wick Lane, Bow, and Greenleaf Road, Walthamstow, and accounted to me for them on the following day. He had to render a statement. Mr. Bamberger's rent book shows that prisoner received 15s. from him on August 21 last. Mr. Kemp's shows that 18s. was paid to prisoner on September 4. The cash-sheet for September 4 shows Mr. Kemp's 18s. in, the arrears column. Mr. Forbes pay monthly. He paid prisoner  2 7s. 6d. on November 27. That is put in the arrears column, and in the remarks column are the words, "Will settle next week." I have not received cither of those sums. I have been through the books, and find I am about  14 short in this way. On December 9 I told prisoner of the discoveries we had made, and asked him for an explanation. I told him what a serious offence it was, and that I should be able to give him in charge for it. He said he always intended to pay it back. I offered to show him particular items. He said he did not require to go into the figures; he knew them perfectly well; they were burnt in his brains. I suspended him. He said he had had a lot of illness at home and his expenses had been greater. I told him he should have come to the firm for assistance. I reminded him that I had personally assisted him before by a loan of  4, which he paid back. He said I spoke to him in such a way. I asked in what way I had spoken unkindly. He said I told him a man must learn to live within his expenses and must cut his coat according to his cloth. He made no suggestion that money was owing to him by us. The only money that could be suggested as owing was wages due from November 30. In December there would be due to him 2 1/2 per cent, on the rents collected on the Greenleaf Road property, but not on the Wick Lane property. That would amount to  2 18s. 6d. Cross-examined. At the time prisoner took over the collecting and letting of the Wick Lane property there were a number of flats unlet. He submitted tenants to us, and we applied for their references. We do not employ an agent for letting. We have paid a id a Mr. Clark something if he has introduced a tenant. Prisoner, said at the Guildhall Police Court that he had applied to Mr. J. W. Chessum as to the amount he was to get for letting, and he was told to ask Mr. R D. Chessum. Mr. J. W. Chessum is not here. He did not speak to me about that. I did not tell prisoner I would speak to Mr. J. W. Chessum. We set our face against giving any commission for letting because we felt it was not conducive to getting good tenants. It was that which led us to take it away from Mr. Clark. We were paying 2 1/2 per cent., including everything. Prisoner's schedule of duties does not include the duty of letting. You cannot schedule every item that a clerk has to do in his duty. The houses have filled up better in consequence of our reducing the rents. I have no recollection of any interview with prisoner except the one when we put the proposition that he should go and live on this property, and that we should pay him as an emolument the same commission we had been paying to an outside man. Re-examined. Part of prisoner's duty was to pay workmen's wages on different jobs. I have discovered that with regard to a job at Paternoster Row there has been time added on the pay sheet after it has been made up and the total increased by 10s. It is not in prisoner's normal handwriting; it is put in to imitate something already there. The same thing happened on a job at Greenwich. Further cross-examined. The pay sheet is made out by the foreman and sent to our office to arrive on Friday afternoon. If the foreman happened to make a mistake it would be discovered on payment. GEORGE BEVERLEY, foreman to Messrs. Chessum. I was foreman on a job at Greenwich last November. The entries in this time-book are mine. Sparkes worked four hours on November 24. The sheet made out by me showed 3s. 6d. due to him. That has been altered to 15 1/2 hours and 13s. 6d. Prisoner paid Sparkes in my presence 3s. 6d. I saw prisoner in court last Friday. He asked me if I was against him; I said, I suppose so. Then he said he had put 10s. on my time-sheet. JACOB BAMBERGER, 3, Wick Terrace, Bow. My rent book shows that I paid prisoner 15s. on August 21. WILLIAM KEMP, 4, Wick Terrace. My rent book shows that I paid prisoner 18s. on September 4. HENRY L. FORBES, 32, Greenleaf Road, Walthamstow. My rent book shows that I paid prisoner  2 7s. 6d. on November 27. Detective-constable FRANCIS BRADSHAW, City Police. On December 16 I saw prisoner at his house. I read the warrant to him. He said "I did not think they would do that; in fact, I did not think they could; I thought it was a matter for a civil court. I have had some of their money, but they also owe me money for the letting of the flats." When formally charged he made no reply. Cross-examined. Practically the whole of last year he has had the doctor in the house. GEORGE MAYNARD, foreman, Chessum and Son. I was in charge of a job at Paternoster Row last November. The time-sheet of a man named Paul has been altered from  1 0s. 1 1/2 d. to  1 10s. 1 1/2 d. and the number of hours from 23 to 34 1/2. I was present when prisoner paid Paul  1 0s. 1 1/2 d. Cross-examined. It is unusual for the foreman to check the pay sheets. I stand by the side of the pay clerk when the man is paid. I do not compare the pay sheet with the time-book to see that they agree. WILLIAM PAUL, bricklayer. I was working on a job at Paternoster Row last November. On November 17 I was paid  1 0s. 1 1/2 d. I could not say if it was prisoner who paid me. Cross-examined. If I was paid 10s. more than was due I should give it back again. GEORGE DONALDSON, clerk to Chessum and Son. I checked the time sheets for November 17 and 24. Cross-examined. I checked them on Friday night or Saturday morning. Mr. Metcalfe. The alterations were made after payment. (Defence.) ALFRED WILLIAM ORMES (prisoner, on oath). I was in the service of Chessum and Son from August, 1901, to March, 1907, and from November, 1908, to December last. The arrangement with regard to the Wick Lane property was that I was to go after lunch on Mondays and collect the rents. I got nothing for that; it was done in the firm's time. With regard to Greenleaf Road the arrangement was that I should go there to live and pay rent, and to receive 2 1/2 per cent, commission. Then I was told, I think by Mr. R. B. Chessum, that I should have a certain amount for letting the flats. I let about 40. After I had been there about a year the rents were reduced by 1s. a week. I considered I had a claim for about  18 commission on the basis of receiving the first week's rent. I asked Mr. J. W. Chessum several time about my claim. He agreed that I should be allowed something and said would talk it over with Mr. R. B. some months afterwards I told Mr. R. B. I had spoken to Mr. J. W. about it and that he had said he would talk it over with him. He said he would see Mr. J. W. about it. I have had the doctor in the house about 18 months. I acknowledge that I have received various sums from the tenants, which I have not handed over, amounting to about  13. I kept none of those before the illness began. If it had not been for the illness I should have been content to wait until the question of my remuneration for the letting had been settled. With regard to Paul, I must have paid him  1 10s. 1 1/2 d. I made the alteration in the pay sheets. It might have been because I paid away 10s. too much by accident. I have done that before. I think I must have paid Sparkes 10s. 10 1/2 d., not 13s. 6d., as there is 2s. 7 1/2 d. which is not in the "amount paid" column. I cannot account for the foreman saying I only paid 3s. 6d. Cross-examined. It was about a year after I took over the Greenleaf, Limited, letting and collecting that I spoke to Mr. J. W. about the letting commission and he said he would speak to Mr. R. B. I cannot swear I did not put into my pocket money during October that I did not account for. There was nothing due for collecting rents when I put into my pocket the cheque for  2 7s. 6d. I have been paid commission in advance. When I went for my holidays in 1910 I received two months' commission in advance. There was no arrangement in writing that I was to have commission for letting the flats, but I was told I should have something. On the strength of that I thought I was entitled to take my employers' money over a period of nine months. I do not suggest I was fairly treated by a long way, apart from the claim for commission. I was only away from business three days during the time I was ill. It would have been no use massing my claim. I should have lost my situation. It is not dishonest for an agent to withhold money on account of commission owing. Un the case of Greenleaf Road Mr. Chessum is not my employer; he is My principal. Beverley is wrong when he says I told him I had put' 10s. on his sheet. I do not say he is not telling the truth. I asked him what they Bad brought him up for. He said, "I do not know" I said, "They are going to say 1 put 10s. on to your sheet." He said, "Well, that is nothing to do with me; I shall stick to my time book." I admit I made the alterations to square my money. The foreman could not see what money I paid. It is easy to explain paying away 10s. too much. I might give half a sovereign instead of sixpence. I have paid away money by mistake and every clerk has. Paul might have come back and said he had worked more hours. If so I might not have told the foreman in order that he could alter it in his book. Verdict, Guilty, with a strong recommendation to mercy on the grounds that prisoner honestly thought he had a claim against his employers, that he had borne a good character, and that he had had a good deal of domestic trouble. Sentence: Six months' imprisonment, second division. BEFORE MR. JUSTICE RIDLEY. (Wednesday, February 7.) ABRAMOVITCH, Myer (28, coster) was indicted for and charged on the Coroner's inquisition with the wilful murder of Solomon Milstein and Annie Milstein. Mr. Bodkin and Mr. Graham-Campbell prosecuted; Mr. A. W. Elkin defended. The trial proceeded upon the indictment and charge of the murder of Solomon Milstein. Sergeant ALFRED LAND, 86, N division, and Sergeant JOHN BOWSTRED, New Scotland Yard, proved plans and photographs for use in the case. LEWIS HERZCOWITZ, linotype operator, 14, Church Street, South Kensington. My wife and the deceased woman Annie Milstein were sisters. The deceased man and woman carried on a restaurant at 62, Hanbury Street, Spitalfields, for over eight years. For three years I have been going there. The customers chiefly came from a boot factory opposite. There had recently been a strike at the factory and the (business was stopped. The front room in the basement was used for eating, but for the 'last five or six weeks gambling had gone on there. I last went there on December 23; it was the last time I saw the Milsteins. This is my brother-in-law's overcoat, made by my own 'tailor and' on the same cloth. I do not recognise the coat. Cross-examined. I have not been to Hanbury Street much lately, once in two or three weeks. I was there twice when gambling was going on. I saw prisoner going downstairs with bananas. The last time I saw him was three weeks before the murder. I know he was very friendly with Milstein. Milstein helped him with small sums of money to buy fruit to sell. He gave prisoner permission to sell it on the premises. Mrs. Milstein spoke to me about prisoner once, saying that I should have him taught the furtrade, as he, the prisoner, was hard up. I have not spoken much to prisoner; as far as I know he was a quiet man. I cannot fix the last time I spoke to him. I complained to Mrs. Milstein about the gambling, she promised to stop it after Christmas I have not seen prisoner gambling lately. Re-examined. I have seen prisoner many times at 62, Hanbury Street, in the restaurant upstairs: no gambling took place there, only a friendly game. Three weeks before the murder and on Saturday, December 23, gambling was going on in the front basement room. On the occasion three weeks before, I saw the prisoner selling fruit in the basement. I did not see him on December 23. I have not seen him taking part in the gambling. I know him as a customer in the restaurant. To Mr. Elkin. Before the gambling took place the front basement was used mostly as a servant's bedroom. The factory girls had dinner and tea there. JOSEPH GOLDSTEIN, pugilist, 168, Pelham Street Buildings, E. I first knew Solomon Milstein about December 10. In consequence of what a friend said to me I went to Hanbury Street and spoke to him. I became a partner with him in the gaming downstairs. He told me to look after the players and keep them quiet. Out of the profits he look so much as rent and then the rest was shared between him, a man named Slavinsky, and myself. From that time I went to the restaurant every evening. In the cafe upstairs friendly games of cards were played, but no money was put on the table. In the basement all games were played, but chiefly faro. I have known prisoner by sight for a few years. I have seen him outside the premises with his 'barrow, when he went out with fruit. He used to be a customer at the restaurant. I have seen him in the basement probably five or six times a week, when sometimes gambling was going on. I have not noticed him playing. On Sunday, December 24, I was in the basement. A man named Abraham Rockman was there. Faro was being played. Rock-man handed me a watch and chain and asked me to go to the governor and get a sovereign on it, which I did. I gave the watch and chain to Milstein, and he gave me a sovereign out of a little purse. This purse (handed) is similar. He had it open when he brought it from a back room into the cafe. The prisoner was in the basement on that day. He might have been there when Kockman gave me the watch and chain, which was between 8 and 10 o'clock p.m. This is the watch and chain (Exhibit 7) I handed to Milstein. The chain has a Kruger sovereign attached. I, saw it no more till at the police station. On. Boxing Day I was in the basement from, 3 till after 11. I saw prisoner in the early evening till about 8, upstairs and downstairs. I did not see him after 8. He was there while the gaming was going on. I do not think he played, but I am not certain. That night there was a sharing out of money taken from a small cash box between Milstein, Slavinsky, and myself about 10.30 in Milstein's bedroom. A box was kept on the table where the gambling was. The man who had the bank had to put in. 3d. each deal of cards. That evening there was 13s. 6d. or something" like that. I left that evening about 11.5. There were two or three People there, I should say, in the cafe, and six or seven people in the basement. They were placing a friendly game. Cross-examined. As far as I know, prisoner was a quiet, inoffensive a During the times I saw him at Hanbury Street he was selling furit I have never spoken to him. There was nothing about him that struck me as peculiar. He hardly spoke to anybody. Milstein I suppose used to put the lights out. I never noticed when I left at night whether the gates to the covered way were open or not. ABRAHAM ROCKMAN, mantlemaker, 153, St. George's Street, E. I spoke to the last witness some time before Christmas last; in consequence I went to see Milstein; I think it was three or four days or a week before Christmas. I have known prisoner by sight, for about two years. I have seen him at the restaurant every time I have been there, three or four times; the last time I was there was the Sunday before the murder. I have played faro for money in the basement. When I saw prisoner he was selling fruit. I never saw him playing. Now I am reminded it might have been three weeks before Christmas that I first went. I remember December 24, I played in the basement I lost my money, and I handed Goldstein my watch and chain with a Kruger sovereign about 10.30 p.m. and asked him to borrow a sovereign on it, which he did. This (Exhibit 7) is my watch and chain. I next saw it at the police station. Prisoner was there when I handed the watch; he was looking on; I do not know whether he was playing or not. Cross-examined. I have been there about four times, spread over three weeks; Saturday and Sunday nights were the only times I could spare to go. I do not know whether prisoner was a quiet man or not. He sold fruit; I have never spoken to him. HERMANN LASSERSON, tailor, 15, Robert Street, Brighton. I come from Courland. I have a friend named Graff. Last Christmas I came to London and lodged with him off Commercial Road. I used to go with him to 62, Hanbury Street. I came up to London the Saturday before Christmas and went to 62, Hanbury Street; I was there from 12 till 12 or one o'clock in the morning. I had my meals in the cafe. I took part in the gaming. I recognise prisoner. I saw him at the restaurant. I cannot say each of the days I was there, but I did on the Tuesday. I saw him playing friendly games, for small money, mostly for 3d. or 4d. On the Tuesday after Christmas I was there from the afternoon till 12.45 a.m. I played that night; I first won and then lost. I owed Milstein 10s. and borrowed of him  2 on my watch and chain; Graff took the watch and chain to him. Exhibit 7 is the watch and chain. I borrowed  2 10s. altogether of Milstein in the cafe. There were a few people there, but I did not take much notice of them. Milstein put the watch and chain in his pocket. He handed me at first  2, I asked for 10s. more, 'and he looked at the watch to see what its value was. That same day prisoner was at the premises between five and seven, downstairs. He was sitting by the table where I was playing cards, just opposite me. There were many others; I cannot remember if prisoner was playing. he might have been, because my friend said to me afterwards, "if they ask me who has done it, I shall say I think a fellow of the name of Myer." I had asked him if they had any suspicion of anybody. I do not remember paying or receiving money from prisoner. It is possible he was not playing there that night. He asked for a few pence when I left off playing, which I did not give him. I left the restaurant the night about' 11 o'clock with Graff. As I went along I missed my cigarette case and sent Graff back for it. I went back, too, and we stayed till 12.45 or 12.50. Milstein let us out. I do not know whether any players were left behind, but six of us went away together. Cross-examined. I have a gamble in Brighton and in London when I come, which is seldom. I usually play solo. At Hanbury Street I played faro. When I am playing I give my mind entirely to the game. I would not concern myself as to the people sitting or standing round the table. We played for small amounts. I knew a few of the players at 62, Hanbury Street. As I have said I cannot say whether prisoner was playing or not; he was in and out; I did not notice whether. was selling fruit or not. It is quite usual for the winner to be asked for a few pence. ISAAC GBAFF, tailor's presser, 195, Conduit Street, Whitechapel. I came from Warsaw. I have been visiting 62, Hanbury Street, for about 15 months; I had my meals there, and played there for about six weeks I am a friend of the last witness, who stayed with me in London last Christmas. On Boxing Day I was at 62, Hanbury Street with my friend from about 10.30 a.m. all day. I went away about seven o'clock and came back about 11.30. I know prisoner; I have seen him in the restaurant and downstairs. When I left at seven o'clock he was there. He was wearing a neckerchief round his neck, similar to this (Exhibit 5). When I came back at 11.30 I did not see him. We stayed till 11.45 Having gone away, Lasserson missed a cigarette case. I went back to see if I could find it. There were about nine or ten people there then. Milstein let us out. Cross-examined. When I left about 7 or 7.30 that night, prisoner was there. He was not exactly playing cards, he was standing at the table looking on. I have seen him selling fruit there. LAZARUS RICKMAN, costermonger, 11, Hanbury Street, E. I am a Russian Pole, I used to go to the restaurant at 62, Hanbury Street. I did not play there for money. I remember Boxing Night last. I Went there about 10 o'clock I know prisoner. I cannot say for certain whether I saw him there that night. I have seen him having; meals there. It is possible that prisoner was si 62, Hanbury Street, on Boxing Night, but I did not take any particular notice. I have noticed a neckerchief he wore. This is it (Exhibit 5). Cross-examined. I have known prisoner about six years. He was a respectable and quiet man, never offensive. He was not known as I Myer the Insane." I did not say so at the police-court. Counsel asked me and I said I know the last few months he used to tell me, "I do not know what is the matter with my head:" he always used to stand messing about with his head like this  describing . They did not read the deposition to me at the police-court, but I made my cross upon it. I have seen prisoner taking meals and selling fruit in the restaurant. Re-examined. I heard that I was supposed to have said at the police-court that they called the prisoner "Myer the Insane" and I went to the police-court about it. I wanted to say that he looked miserable or confused. I told the police that if I was called again at the police-court I would put it right, out they did not call me up. MARKS VEKBLOOT, cabinetmaker, 62a, Hanbury Street. I occupy a flat on the upper floor of 62, Hanbury Street. I have a separate entrance. My room is immediately above the bedroom of the Milsteins'. I went to bed on Boxing Night about one o'clock. I awoke hearing groaning, it seemed to come from upstairs. I went to sleep again. I next woke up smelling smoke from burning rags, about 3 a.m. I opened the window and saw a dull light below. I took a boot brush and threw it through the back window. It broke the window and smoke came out. I opened the front window, and blew a police whistle. I then went downstairs. A constable came up and we went into the restaurant to the bedroom. The door was locked. I went upstairs to get some water to help to put the fire out. The bed in the bedroom was on fire. Later on I saw the bodies of Mr. and Mrs. Milstein. Cross-examined. The doors of the covered way are locked at 11 o'clock at night. Police-constable THOMAS DAVIS, 334 H. On December 26 my beat took me past 62, Hanbury Street. I passed about 10, next about 10.40. At those times the covered way gates were open. At 10.50 I took a charge to the station. I next passed 62, Hanbury Street about 1.10. The gates were still open. I next passed about 1.40: the gates were then closed. I examined them as I passed. I tried the front door of 62, Hanbury Street; it was shut on each occasion. The last time I passed was about 3.50. Cross-examined. At 3.50 the covered way gates were securely fastened. I am sure they were open at 1.10; it was not unusual. Police-constable RODERICK STEWART, 457 H. On December 27, at about a quarter to. 4 a.m. I was on duty in Hanbury Street. I heard a police whistle and went to No. 62, the door of which was open, and saw the witness Verbloot. The restaurant door was locked The key was in the outside of the door. I turned the key and passed through the restaurant and went into the back room. The room was full of smoke. The smoke came from the floor. There was no flame but red smouldering'. It appeared to come from the bedding or bedclothes, which were on the floor. I put the fire out with Verbloot's assistance and noticed the body of a man lying on the floor on his back. I had no light except my lantern. The room was in darkness. The man appeared to be clothed on the lower part of the body, but the upper part had on only a vest, which was covered with bedding. There was blood on the floor and the bedding. The body was removed from the back room to the restaurant. Solomon Milstein appeared to be dead. I did not see any other body at that time. A few minutes after the firemen had re-entered, we saw the woman's) body lying on the floor under the bed, on her back. I examined the doors and windows to see whether there was any evidence of the house having been broken into, but there was not. A struggle had evidently taken place, as the bedding and also a chair were lying on the floor. Cross-examined. I only examined the restaurant door and restaurant at that time. After Inspector Webb came along I went downstairs and made an examination of the back room and basement. The door of the basement was open and several people had been on the scene before Inspector Webb came. There were no marks of breaking open. I did not notice what kind of lock it was. Police-constable FREDERICK JAMES WINTON, 168 H. I was on duty on December 26 from 10 p.m. until 6 a.m. on December 27. I passed 62, Hanbury Street several times during the night. I noticed it was lit up till about 12 o'clock. After that there was no light. About 4.15 I heard a police whistle. I went to the house and saw Stewart there, I also went into the back room and helped to put the fire out. I noticed bedding on the floor, but did not turn it over. The bedding consisted of mattresses and things, pillows. I shifted the pillows and found a knife underneath. The knife now shown me is the one I found under the pillow. It is a long knife, used on the premises for cutting bread. The blade was blood-stained, and the pillow was also bloodstained. The Wood appeared to be fresh. I then took the pillows and knife into the restaurant. The pillow, underneath which the knife was found, was between the door and the bedstead. Cross-examined. Part of my beat included the restaurant opposite. The gates were closed when I was called by the whistle. I had not passed on that side of the road before. That was after 12 o'clock. WILLIAM JOHN HAYNES, fireman, Whitechapel Fire Station. On December 27 last, at 4.22 a.m., we got a call to 62, Hanbury Street. I got there at 4.25. The police were there. I went into the back room on the ground floor and saw the body of a man. The bedding was on fire, and the room full of smoke. The man was lying on his back with his head towards the door, parallel with the fireplace. His head and chest were covered with some of the bedding. I helped to carry the body into the shop. I then went back into the room and turned the bedding over. I discovered a woman's body partly under the bed stead, in a kneeling position, with the head towards the fire-place lying face downwards. She had some underclothing on, which was up around her neck. I turned the body over. There was a large wound on the stomach, and the lower part of the body was charred. Lying alongside were tongs and shovel, the heads of which were off, lying in another part of the room. Cross-examined. The heads could be severed with a very small tap on a hard substance. I should not think considerable force was required to break them. Sub-divisional Inspector Owen Webb, H Division. On December 27 I was called to 62, Hanbury Street, at 4.45 a.m. In the front room I saw the dead man and in the back room the dead woman. Two doctors were there and a police officer. I examined tine rooms; there was no evidence of the house being broken into; the locks and fastenings of all the doors were intact. On the ground floor a pane of glass was broken. In the back room there was a side table with a small spirit bottle on it. This is it (Exhibit 3). It has a small quantity of paraffin oil. There were bloodstains on the bottle. I also found this match-box (Exhibit 4), with blood-stains on it. I examined the bolt on the street door, that had blood stains. They appeared to be fresh ones. I went into the basement, and in the front room I saw a long table with portions of cards lying about. The bedroom had the appearance of a struggle having taken place. The floor was blood-stained and smeared and the bed had been slightly shifted. The premises were lit by gas, I saw no lamps. Cross-examined. The bedroom is about 3 yards by 2 or 3 yards. The struggle took place in a very similar space. MRS. RUTH MONTGOMERY, 12, Davis Avenue, Punt Street, E. I had known the dead woman for some three years. Last December I was employed by her as cook. I had been there about four weeks. I worked from 6 a.m. till 9 p.m., sometimes later. When I came in the morning I came in at the back, down the covered way. The gates were open. The back door was left unbarred. The deceased slept in the back bedroom on the ground floor, with their door locked. On December 27 I arrived at ten o'clock and found that the Milsteins were dead. At the police-court I was shown this long knife, which was used for cutting bread, which was kept in the back parlour, which was used as a bedroom. I have never seen this bottle (Exhibit 3) before till I saw it at the police-court. A small quantity of paraffin was used at Hanbury Street for cleaning purposes, I used to buy a pennyworth. Exhibit 20 is similar to the bottle I got it in. The bottle was kept in the kitchen, where it could not have been seen. I have never sean this matchbox (Exhibit 4) before. It contains white pine vestas; I used small wooden matches. On Boxing Day these fire-irons and tongs were all right. Mrs. Milstein had a coat like Exhibit 11. I have never seen this small knife (Exhibit 6) in the house. There was a money-box kept in the bedroom. Cross-examined. As a rule I arrived at six o'clock. The doors of the covered way would be open. I may have arrived at 5.30 in the morning, then the doors would be closed. I should have to knock to gain admittance, and then the caretaker would open them. I have passed at 10 or 10.30 p.m. I could not identify every article in the Milsteins' household. There was a little paraffin in the bottle, but I am not prepared to swear that there is exactly the same quantity as when I last saw it in the Milsteins' house. No. 62 was a restaurant and frequented by a number of men. The box of matches produced a few moments ago are not the same as were used at No. 62. I have never seen them before. I brought a box of matches out of the place and brought them back in the morning. I think I gave them to Inspector Wensley. I could not swear that that box of matches was not upon the premises, only I have never seen them. They were smoking on the premises. I could not say that the small bottle was not upon the premises, only I have never seen it I should think I had seen every knife like this now shown to me. I have never counted the knives. This knife would he a small one for the Milsteins. The long bladed knife, with which I used to cut bread with, was kept in the Milsteins' bedroom, in a little place where the bread was kept. I last saw it on Boxing Day. There were three carving knives. I purchased the paraffin at a shop in Brick Lane under the arch not far from 62. I purchased a pennyworth. I could not say exactly if it was half of the large bottle; I do not remember. It was used for cleaning windows and stoves. It was not used for lighting. I have never slept on the premises. Re-examined. The knives were kepi in the bedroom in a little place where they cut the bread on, on the left-hand side as you go in from the shop. There is a little cupboard there; the bread was cut underneath. The bread was kept on the top of the cupboard. The knife was kept on a little board there used for cutting the bread on. Dr. PERCY TRANTER GOODMAN, 70, Brick Lane, E. At 4.30 a.m. on December 27 I was called to 62, Hanbury Street by the police. In the restaurant I saw the dead body of Solomon Milstein. I thought he had been dead about an hour. The body was clothed in vest and pants. The clothing was soaked in blood. I went into the backroom and saw the body of Annie Milstein lying on the floor with the legs beneath the body, lying on the back. The body was not yet cold. I should say she had been dead about 30 to 45 minutes. She had on some linen garments, nightdress or chemise, which were covered with blood. I examined the bodies and later made a postmortem. The man was well nourished, about 35 to 40 years of age, 5 ft. 5 in. in height. There was an incised wound 4 in. long on the scalp 1 in. behind the left ear running perpendicularly, an abrasion under the right eye, a bruise on the left temple, an abrasion on the left side of the neck; no other injuries on the head. On the body there was an incised wound 2 1/4 in. long on the right chest below the right clavicle running obliquely downwards and inside and 5 in. in depth. There were three abrasions about the size of a threepenny piece on the right-hand side of the chest and in different positions about the chest. On the limbs there was a superficial and incised wound horizontal in direction at the back of the right arm 2 in. long just above the elbow and a longer scraping kind of superficial cut on the elbow running downwards the right forearm. The chest wound penetrated five inches into the right lung. It severed the right bronchus, passing through the upper lobe into the lower. It was a very dangerous wound. The first effect of it would be that there would be immediate haemorrhage in the lung which would cause a choking sensation followed by immediate disability to do anything and unconsciousness. Such a wound, I should think, could not be self-inflicted. The wounds were caused by a sharp instrument such as either of the knives produced. The chest wound was more likely to have been produced by the short knife. The other wounds were more of cuts than stabs. The contused wounds might have been caused by finger nails. The contusions were possibly caused by the tongs and shovel produced. I made a postmortem on the woman the same day. Dr. Clarke was present at both post-mortems. These were the injuries I found on the woman: On the head there was a perpendicular incised wound 1 1/2 in. in length. At the right side of the nose and the right cheek a wound extending horizontally backwards for 1 1/4 in. There was an incised wound on the left temple 1/2 in. long horizontal in direction; a small cut at the anterior part of the left ear; an incised wound at the right side of the forehead 3/4 in. long extending to the bone and penetrating the outer plate of the frontal bone; an abrasion on the left cheek; contusion round the left eye and a contused wound on the inner side of the lower lip; there was a contused and lacerated wound 2 1/4 in. on the right-hand side of the scalp, a contused and lacerated wound 1 1/2 in. long on the left side of the scalp; a lacerated wound on the crown of the head and another lacerated wound on the scalp close to the one I have mentioned last. The hair was not cut by any of these wounds. The middle and ring fingers of the left hand had several small cuts and contusions. On the body an incised wound 5 in. in length running obliquely downwards and forwards was seen on the chest and abdomen, which penetrated the skin and fat to the depth of 1 in. The lower part of the abdomen and upper part of the trunk and thighs were burned, the burn extended through the skin and was most severe about the left groin. Some of the wounds were caused by a sharp instrument and some by a blunt; the wounds on the scalp were produced by a blunt instrument such as the fireirons produced and the incised wounds could have been produced by either of the Knives produced. One or two of the wounds were probably caused by the short knife (Exhibit 6). The bone of the nose was chipped as though struck by a sharp pointed knife. The injuries could not have been self-inflicted. The man's death was caused by haemorrhage and shock. He would die in a short time after the wound in the chest, a matter of minutes. The woman's death was from haemorrhage. There were cuts on the clothing corresponding to the injuries in both cases. I think considerable force must have been used in some of the injuries. Cross-examined. It was a very brutal outrage, not the slightest mercy shown. I think the wounds on the woman's abdomen were slashing. It is difficult to say if the wounds were inflicted by a frenzied person. A person seized by frenzy would stab as well as slash, possibly. To Mr. Justice Ridley. The wound in the chest must have caused the death; this was probably the last wound inflicted. The man could not have stood after that. The marks upon him were consistent with the use of a blunt instrument such as one of the fireirons, or they might have been caused by a fist. There had been a struggle. PERCY JOHN CLARKE, Divisional Surgeon, Commercial Street, E. On December 27, early morning, I went to 62, Hanbury Street. I saw Dr. Goodman there. I have been in Court and heard his evidences and agree with it. On December 28 at about 11.30 a.m. I was at Leman Street Police Station. I found the prisoner there. I examined him and found that he was suffering from a clean-cut wound in the fold of the left thumb; it was two inches in length and half inch deep. There were also two superficial wounds on the inner side of the left hand, one three-quarter inch in length, and the other half inch in length. He also had an incised wound on the ring and little finger of the right hand. All these wounds must have been caused by some sharp instrument. The wound on the left hand was such as might have been caused by grasping the blade of a knife. The injuries an the right hand might also have been caused by coming into contact with a knife. I examined on December 28 the overcoat, coat and vest, pants, singlet and shirt, exhibits in this case, also boots. I found considerable bloodstains on all of them, also on the braces; the left boot had a considerable quantity of dried blood on the sole just in front of the heel. All the bloodstains could not have come from the wounds on the prisoner's hands. The bloodstains in the pockets of the overcoat probably did. I think the other bloodstains were caused during the struggle. I examined the neckerchief identified with the prisoner and found on it bloodstains and it had a strong smell of paraffin. Cross-examined. I do not agree that the slashing and stabbing nature of the wounds were consistent with an attack by a frenzied person; they were not. I am not an expert on insanity, but I have seen injuries caused by homicidal maniacs in four or five cases. I cannot say I have seen injuries inflicted by a person suffering from transitory melancholia. If this was anything at all it was homicidal mania. I detected no sign of insanity about the prisoner. I did not specially examine him as to his mental condition. I looked at his injuries and his clothing. His mental condition was never suggested to me. I never saw any signs of insanity. If the prisoner had been insane I should have expected to find him much more depressed than he was. He was not careworn, nor particularly palled. Cases vary on these points: the degree of depression in one differs from that in another. I have heard the prisoner described as a quiet man, keeping himself to himself; that being so, he would be less likely to have a sudden attack of homicidal mania. I have given evidence many times in cases where insanity was set up as a defence. I have not come across a case in which the accused has been perfectly quiet up to the fatal occurrence. It would be a rare thing. I think I have heard of it. 1 am not an expert on insanity. I say that the act committed here was that of a sane man. He wore the dead man's clothes in the very district, in order to hide his own, which were covered with blood. I cannot recall the case of a sane murderer before who has done such a thing. I never came across a case where the accused's clothes were so much bespattered with blood as here. A sane murderer shortly after the attack, if his clothes were very wet, might take them off and put on the dead man's clothes, but he would leave his own behind as evidence. He was not an extraordinary object in Whitechapel to walk about with two suits on. They sometimes wear three suits in Whitechapel and they are not insane: it is a foreign habit. Re-examined. In cases of acts committed by a frenzied person there is more slashing and cutting. All the injuries here were only such as might have been caused in an ordinary struggle or fight. If I had noticed any signs of insanity I should have reported them. I made no such record. (Thursday, February 8.) Mrs. RUTH MONTGOMERY, recalled. (To the Court.) The tongs belonged to the room at the back of the shop, which was a sitting and bedroom in one; they were kept in the fender at the fireplace. HARRY ZCIKA, trouser presser, 27, Fostick Place. For the last 18 months I have been going to 62, Hanbury Street. I started playing in the room downstairs from three or four weeks before Christmas About 7.30 p.m. on December 26 I went there. I left and returned at nine with three "pals," who left me. I slept on the bed there till 12.30, when Solomon Milstein told me it was time to go home. I left leaving him alone there. The next day I heard of the murder. About 1 a.m. on the following day (Thursday) I was with my lodger and my missus going to Leman Street Police Station, and at the corner or Commercial Street I saw prisoner standing by a coffee-stall. When he saw me he began to walk slowly to Commercial Road. I called to him. and asked him where he had been all day, because all the people that had been with the Milsteins had gone to the police-station to give evidence except him. He made no reply. I told him not to be afraid, and to come with me to the station. He accompanied us. On the way I said, "You hear what was in Hanbury Street?" He said slowly, "All right." When we got near to the station I made an excuse and went on, where I saw the inspector. I told him I had the man Myer, whom he had been looking for all day. He went with me to where prisoner was walking with the two women. I have seen him in the room when gambling was going on; he used to sell fruit down there. When he had a few coppers 1s. or 1s. 6d. he used to play. Cross-examined. He was a very quiet man, and never interfered with anybody. When I saw him on the 28th he appeared to be a little excited, and he had a small scratch on the side of his face; 1 could see he was a bit depressed, but I did not notice that he was nervous. It seemed to me he was hoarse. At the restaurant he appeared on very friendly terms with Milstein; I know that he used to lend prisoner a shilling now and again. On the way to the station he was nervous and excited. I left him two or three hours before at the corner of Great Alie Street and Leman Street. Inspector JOHN FREEMAN, H Division. At 7.30 a.m. on December 28 Zoika came into the Leman Street. Police Station, and in consequence of what he said to me I went up Leman Street. I saw prisoner with three women walking very slowly towards High Street. I said, "Myer, I want you." He said, "Eh?" I said, "I think you are wanted. Come with me to the station, will you?" He said, "All right" He had both his hands in his overcoat pockets. On the way to the station I said. "What is the matter with your hand?" and he said, "I cut it." I sent for Inspector Wensley. Cross-examined. I saw him at the exact spot that the last witness said he had left him. Detective-inspector FREDERICK WENSLEY, H Division. At about 6 a.m. on December 27, in consequence of information I received I went to 62, Hanbury Street. In a bedroom at the back of the ground floor restaurant I saw the body of Annie Milstein lying on the floor: Solomon Milstein's body had been removed to the front room. The man had a singlet and pants on and the woman two chemises. The fireirons with the knobs broken off and stained with blood were in the back room. I also saw Exhibit 2, a long, blood-stained knife, a bloodstained matchbox, a small bottle of paraffin, on the couch under the window a blood-stained blue handkerchief smelling very strongly of paraffin, knotted in a similar way as it is now, and on the floor where it bad been indicated to me the body of Solomon Milstein had laid this broken butcher's knife covered with a large quantity of burnt flock from the bed which had been smouldering; the handle was 18 inches from the blade. There was one gas light in the room; I think incandescent. There was a smell of paraffin. There were signs of burning in the room at the head of the bed and on the bedclothes generally. The stains on the pillows were bloodstains. I directed that all the things found should be taken to my office at Leman Street, where they remained till the inquest. At 1.45 a.m. on December 28 I was called to Leman Street, where I saw prisoner. His left hand was bandaged and I said, "What is the matter with your hand?" He said, "I got it cut) in Hanbury Street this morning." He accompanied me to my office. When he got to the door he said, "I know what you want. You will find it in this pocket," and indicated the left-hand inside pocket of his overcoat. I found it contained a silver watch, a gold chain and a Kruger sovereign, and a silver watch, a gold chain, and a matchbox (Exhibits 7 and 7a). Then taking this leather purse (Exhibit 8) from his right-hand trousers pocket, he banded it to me and said, "This is his. You will find all the money there." It contained  2 10s. in gold. In various pockets I found 3s. 3d. silver and 2s. 8 1/4 d. bronze. I told him he would be detained for the present on the suspicion of the murder of Mr. and Mrs. Milstein yesterday morning. He replied, "I done it," and pointing to this handkerchief lying with the other things on the table he said, "That's mine. I done it because I lost all my money at gambling." I then left him. On returning shortly afterwards I searched him and found that in addition to the overcoat ho was wearing two jackets, two waistcoats, and two pairs of trousers (produced). Low down the trousers leg of the outer suit a very minute blood stain has been pointed out to me. There were no stains on the waistcoat or jacket of the suit. The left-hand pocket of the overcoat was saturated with the blood and I think there was a little on the right pocket. On the underneath suit there was a large quantity of blood and there was also blood on the singlet, pants, and shirt which he was wearing. With regard to the outer suit he said, "These are Milstein's, and so is the overcoat." On being subsequently charged with wilful murder he made no reply. Cross-examined. I did not warn him before he made the statement, which was quite voluntary. I was present when Rockman gave hit evidence at the police court. He came to see me on January 30 with reference to the evidence he had given. His depositions were read over to him after he was examined. I do not remember him drawing a distinction between" Mad Myer" and "Myer the Insane." He was in trouble as to what was being said to him in English; on two or three occasions he said he knew prisoner by no other name than "Myer." The court interpreter then came to the rescue and he made some observation in Yiddish and the observation was interpreted and put into the depositions; the distinction between "Mad Myer" and "Myer the Insane" went down through the interpreter. Re-examined. (Mr. Elkin asked the witness whether prisoner was known as "Mad Myer" or "Myer the Insane" and he made no reply Then the interpreter put the question in Yiddish and all the rest of the answers were in Yiddish.) Rockman came to me of his own accord (To the Court.) I am certain that the man who committed this crime did not get over the gate, because there were not the indications I should have expected of his having done so, either inside or outside There would be no reason for his doing so, because the yard is kept open a considerable time and the watchman was obviously drunk   he was recovering from it the following morning. There is plenty of room in the yard for anybody to conceal himself. This closing the case for the prosecution, Mr. Elkin stated he called no witnesses. Mr. Bodkin proposed to call Dr. Dyer with reference to questions put in cross-examination with a view to suggest that prisoner was irresponsible on the ground of mental incapacity. Mr. Justice Ridley stated that he thought it advisable that this course should be adopted. Where such suggestions were made the prosecution had the power, though it was not the absolute rule, to call a doctor in order that it might be seen whether there was any real foundation for them. SIDNEY REGINALD DYER, Medical Officer, Brixton Prison. Prisoner was received on December 28 and since that time I have kept close observation upon him. When I first saw him on his reception he was very depressed; there were no signs that he had been drinking; he spoke quite rationally and calmly; and I could find no hallucinations or delusions; I was with him about an hour. He had some wounds on his fingers and I asked him how he had got them, but he would not tell me. His depression was not unusual, having regard to the nature of the charge. Notes were taken of his case every day either by myself or one of my colleagues, and special instructions were given to the hospital nurses to watch him and to let me know anything they might note. I had also several long interviews with him. I could find no symptoms of insanity about him and after very careful inquiry I have come to the opinion that he knew what he was doing on the 27th was wrong. He became less depressed. Cross-examined. There have been cases of sane men suddenly having an acute attack and after the attack becoming depressed upon realising what they have done, but in my opinion this is not one of those. I have not been able to find any evidence of insanity in his relations, but this is not essential. This was not a form of melancholia as the shortest time I have known this to pass off is 10 days, and there were no evidences of melancholia when he was admitted. The evidence that he has always been an inoffensive man has had no weight with me in forming my opinion; he is naturally a quiet dispositioned man, but that does not indicate insanity. I have read the depositions including those of Beckendorff, who has not been called here today. (Mr. Bodkin stated that this witness with his wife had left for South Africa at the conclusion of the police court proceedings, with the assent of prisoner's solicitor.) There is such a condition as transitory mania, but I do not think this was such a case, for although the wounds were unusually violent there must have been a tremendous struggle. Of course, continual worry leads to insanity. I consider prisoner's conduct after the crime quite consistent with normality, and the dead man's clothes covered up his own blood-stained clothes. We have men coming to the prison wearing as many as six suits. I have never come across a sane murderer wearing the dead man's clothes. He was very evasive on all questions connected with the crime, but perfectly rational and sensible otherwise. He gave contradictory accounts. Re-examined. I came to the conclusion that they were untrue accounts. I could find no form of insanity attributable to the appearances of this man. Apart from the depositions of Beckendorff and guided only on the evidence I have heard in this case and my observations of him, I come to the same conclusion. Verdict, Guilty. Sentence: Death. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Wednesday, February 7.) HOLMES, Annie (34, charwoman), unlawfully uttering counterfeit coin. Mr. Beaumont Morice prosecuted; Mr. A. L. Ganz defended. AMY PALMER, 61, Manor Street, Clapham. On December 29 I let a room to prisoner and her husband at 5s. 6d. a week. HERBERT BRESMAN, wine merchant, 358, Wandsworth Road. On January 9 prisoner asked me to send a bottle of brandy to 15, Killyon Road, at once, with change for a sovereign. I sent my boy with them. He came back with 5s. 3d. and what appeared to be a sovereign, but which was a gilded shilling. I reported the matter to the police. On the following Sunday I identified prisoner from among nine women at the police station. Cross-examined. The women were in the charge room. I was put in the matron's room. I did not go into a passage. I did not see prisoner except with the other women. VIVIAN FLETCHER. I took a bottle of brandy and change for a sovereign to 15, Killyon Road. Just before I got to the gate a man asked for the bottle of brandy. I gave it him, and he asked if I had change for the sovereign. I said yes, and he gave me this coin. I gave him 14s. 9d. change. ELIZABETH JONES, greengrocer, Manor Street, Clapham. On Saturday, January 13, about 11.30 p.m., prisoner came into my shop. I knew where she lived. She bought two pennyworth of vegetables. I held out my hand for the money and she put this in it, which I thought was a sovereign. I gave her 19s. 10d. change. Dumbarton was on the step at the time talking to a lady. I afterwards showed the coin to my husband's brother. On the following Sunday, about 5.45 p.m., I was going to prisoner's house with the witness who saw her in the shop. We met her in Manor Street. I told her about it. She said she never came in my shop. While we were talking a policeman came she has been in my shop three times. I have no doubt she was the woman. I gave her in charge. Cross-examined. When I taxed her with having changed a bad sovereign she did not offer to go to the police-station. Trade was no. brisk that Saturday night. 11.15 p.m. is a very slow time. She was in the shop about five minutes. I had to go to the parlour to get the change. Dumbarton and the lady were in the shop when the prisoner came in. WILLIAM CHARLES DUMBARTON. I was in Mrs. Jones's shop on January 13 at 11.30 p.m. when prisoner came in. I did not know her as Mrs. Holmes. When she had gone Mrs. Jones showed me the coin. It was like this one. Next evening Mrs. Jones and I were going towards 61, Manor Street when we saw prisoner. Mrs. Jones said to her," You gave me a bad sovereign last night." Prisoner denied it. Cross-examined. Mrs. Jones fetched me on Sunday evening. She said she had found out where the woman lived; would I go and see the person. As we went down the street Mrs. Jones said, "There she is." I did not recognise her at first; it was rather a dark part of the street. I was the only person in the shop besides Mrs. Jones when prisoner came in. I had never seen prisoner before. I stopped talking to a customer on the step. I was actually in the shop at the time. Inspector GEORGE FORDHAM, W Division. On January 14 I was in the charge-room at Clapham police station when Mrs. Jones came in with prisoner and Dumbarton. Mrs. Jones said, "This woman came into my shop about 11.15 p.m. last Saturday night and bought some vegetables to the value of 2d. She handed me this coin (Exhibit No. 1). I fetched 19s. 10d. change from the parlour and handed it to her, when she left the shop. I then noticed that it was a funny colour and showed it to Mr. Dumbarton, who was on the step of the shop, when he said, 'It is a bad coin.' I met prisoner again about 6 o'clock to-night and told her she had given me a bad sovereign and we came here to see what I could do." I said to prisoner," You hear what Mrs. Jones has alleged against you?" She replied," I have never been in her shop at least, not last Saturday night, for I bought my vegetables up the High Street against Clapham Cross." I then told prisoner she would be charged with uttering the coin. She replied. "I will swear I was not in the shop last night." When charged she made no reply. Detective-Sergeant CHARLES GOGGIN. I saw prisoner come into the station with Mrs. Jones and Dumbarton. She was afterwards identified by Mr. Bresman. When the charge was read over to her she replied," I never heard anything like that in my life, and as for the brandy, I have never seen a drop of brandy, I will take my solemn oath." Bresman had no opportunity of seeing prisoner before being placed among the others. JOHN WARBURTON, 15, Killyon Road, Clapham. I have never seen prisoner before. I know nothing about the order for a bottle of brandy which was given to Mr. Bresman. SIDNEY WILLIAM SMITH, Assistant Assayer, H.M. Mint. These coins are a Hanoverian medal and a gilded shilling. (Defence.) ANNIE HOLMES (prisoner, on oath). I am a laundress, and work at Stevens', 20, The Pavement, Clapham, I did not order the brandy at Mr. Bresman's. I was not acting in concert with any man. I have been in Mrs. Jones's shop once or twice to order coal. I did not go there on Saturday, January 13. I was indoors all the evening waiting for my husband to come in. He came home intoxicated and begged me to go and get his laundry. That was about 11.30. I went by 'bus from the" Plough." The place was shut. I came back by 'bus to the" Plough" and bought a few vegetables at a shop near there. It is some distance from Mrs. Jones's. On the Sunday Mr. Holmes and I met Mrs. Jones. She taxed me with having passed a bad sovereign. I denied it. I said I was not in her shop on Saturday night. I offered to go to the police station. My husband and I walked in front. The constable merely said, "I will show you the police-station." I saw Mr. Bresman as he stood in the passage as I came from the cells to be put up with the women. He saw me. Cross-examined. My real name is Dewlake Holmes. I swear I am married. On January 9 about eight o'clock I was at home. My husband was not there. I do not know Mr. Bresman's shop. I have never been inside it. I do not know Killyon Road. I had no counterfeit money in my possession in January. I never told anybody I had any. I ordered two lots of coal at Mrs. Jones's. She asked what address it was to go to. I said 61. She is wrong in saying I was in her shop on Saturday evening. I do not remember swing Dumbarton before. On the Saturday evening when she accused me of the bad coin I said I was not in her shop and had no bad coin. She asked Dumbarton." Do you know her?" He said, "No, I do not recognise her." Later, when we got to the station, he said, "Oh, yes, I do," merely because they had been talking it over going up the road. She said she had given me 19s. 10d. change; I said, "Not me." The jury disagreed. Prisoner was put back till next Sessions. BEFORE MR. JUSTICE PHILLIMORE. (Wednesday, February 7.) HOOLEY, Ernest Terah (52, financier). Unlawfully obtaining from David Thompson and George Leech Tweedale, by means of false pretences George Leech Tweedale, for the sums of  600,  500,  450,  125,  125, and  200 respectively, with intend to defraud. The Solicitor-General (Sir John A. Simon, K.C.V.O., K.C., M.P.), Mr. Muir, Mr. Travers Humphreys, and Mr. Wild prosecuted; Mr. T. M. Healy, K.C., M.P., and Mr. J. B. Matthews defended. WILLIAM CARTER, 27, Essex Street, Strand. I have several businesses; I deal in land chiefly. I have known prisoner about six years. In about July, 1910, I knew he was going to purchase the Thorney Estate. I myself paid, for him or his nominee,  3,750 deposit to Peak, Bird, and Collins, getting this document (Exhibit 1), which is a charge or mortgage; it bears his signature. I have not been repaid anything. Exhibit 1 is executed by T. A. B. Walker, his nominee, Terah Franklin Hooley, his son, himself, and Arthur T. Ashwell, who was acting as his solicitor at the time, and is dated July 12, 1910. (Read. After reciting the agreement of sale of Thorney Hall Estate by Mrs. Sophia Parry Herrick to T. A. B. Walker, agreeing to repay the  3,750 advanced on or before December 25, 1910, together with one quarter of the profits made by Walker on the resale of the said estate, this sum guaranteed by prisoner personally not to be less than  3,750; Carter is to have a charge on Walker's interest in all contracts entered into by him for sub-sales; Walker is not to dispose of any portion of the estate without Carter's approval, and is from time to time to supply Carter by Walker with full particulars of all negotiations and contracts entered into by him, and Carter is to be at liberty to attend at the completion thereof, and that all cash deposits received in respect of sub-sales shall be held by Larkin and Co., solicitors, Lincoln, as shareholders in the event of Walker being unwilling or unable to complete the purchase, and if Carter so requires Walker shall assign the full benefit of the agreement to him.) Cross-examined. I will not say that I knew James White at all at that time. I cannot say of my own knowledge that he knew of my charge. I know he knew of it subsequently, but I cannot say when; I met him and we talked it over with him; I should think he knew of it in January, 1911. I knew that the property was being bought for the purpose of being broken up and sold in small lots, and that the profit I was to get could only be obtained by means of such sub-sales. I knew that the price given for it was  37, 000 odd and that could only be obtained by sub-sales. I thought the contracts for the sub-sale of the whole estate had been made before March 31, 1911. I do not remember Thompson going down to visit the estate; if he went I probably knew of it. Prisoner had a perfectly free hand to enter into these sub-contracts. ARTHUR HARPER BOND, land agent and farmer, Oulton Broads, Suffolk. On September 14, 1910, I obtained this charge (Exhibit 2) from prisoner in respect of  4,500 I had advanced. I had known him then three months. It has not yet been repaid me. It is a collateral security. I effected a sub-charge too on February 22, 1911, to my solicitor, A. D. Davies. In Exhibit 2 I had a charge also on Tattershall (Exhibit 2 was then read. Similar charges and privileges were given as in Exhibit 1; in respect of the  4,500 lent there was to be a bonus of  1,050, and if the sum lent were not repaid within the month 62 3/4 per cent. was to be charged.) Cross-examined. I had advanced  90, 000 for the purchase of the Tattershall estate, and this charge on the Thorney estate was merely a collateral security. I knew that prisoner could only make profits by sub-sales and I was willing he should sub-sell; he had largely sub-sold before I was asked to advance. My solicitor gave notice of my charge to Peake, Bird, and Collins in the ordinary way; I understand from my solicitor that no formal notice was given to Gadsden, but my solicitor saw him and he knew of this charge. The Solicitor-General stated that Arthur Charles Bourner, the next witness, had gone to America, but his partner, who was not present at that moment, could identify his signature to the charge. Mr. Healy stated that he had no objection to the document being produced in that way, but he thought it should be admitted that Mr. Bourner knew that prisoner would only make a profit by means of sub-sales. The Solicitor-General said he would assume that; but he would put himself in order by calling Mr. Hosegood. ALFRED HOSEGOOD, solicitor, partner in Jackson and Co., Rochdale. My firm have acted for Tweedale's father and grandfather and also for the trustee of their wills. In August 1910 I handed to Tweedale securities to the value of  27, 500, representing the fortune left him. Between August, 1910, and July 1911, we acted for his trustee and I think on some trust matters for him also. We did not act for him, in any transactions with prisoner. Early in October, the day before the summons was issued, I got to know of there being charges on the Thorney estate. I acted as solicitor for the prosecution down to the time of the committal, and the Director of Public Prosecutions then took over the conduct of the prosecution. I was present when Arthur Charles Bourner gave his evidence at the police court and I saw him produce the document (Exhibit 16), dated March 3, 1911, executed by T. A. B. Walker and prisoner, giving a charge on Thorney for  1,050 owed him for work done. (Exhibit 16 read.) Cross-examined. I took over these matters in July, 1911; I do not think Thompson has acted for Tweedale since then. Early in September proceedings were taken against him for damages for negligence in the general dealings with prisoner. At the time I knew that Tweedale had lost the  2,000, but I did not know of any fraud or that there were these charges; Tweedale had not complained to me by then that there were these charges. I am quite willing to take the depositions of Bourner as saying," I did not concern myself in any way with the subsales of the Thorney estate "; I left it entirely to the defendant. DANIEL GEORGE FREDERICK SIMMONS, managing clerk, Peake, Bird and Collins, solicitors, Bedford Road, W.C. My principals acted for the vendor of the Thorney estate, Mrs. Perry Herrick. Exhibit 3 is the original contract of the sale to prisoner's nominee, I. A. B. Walker, for  37, 500, which was afterwards adjusted to  37, 000, the schools being taken out. The deposit paid was  3,750, a tenth of the purchase price, which is the usual percentage. The contract was never completed, and except for the  3,750 we never received any money from prisoner. In accordance with Clause 14 on March 23 1911, we gave him, the nominee, notice. Unless he completed on or before May 4 next the deposit would be forfeited and we should deal with the property; it was sent by registered post and copies were sent to Gadsden and Pennefather and to the solicitors for the chargees, Carter, Bond, and Bourner, from whom we had had notice. (Exhibit 15 read.) We should have given notice to the chargees that we were going to complete and we should have completed. The property was forfeited. Cross-examined. I cannot say when we received the notices of the charges; they were soon after the charges. I cannot say that it was known to Mrs. Herrick and all the district that this property was bought for the purpose of subsale. We were told after the contract had been made the sub-contracts had been made. I never heard of Thompson's name in the matter. DAVID THOMPSON, solicitor, Rochdale. Tweedale, also of Rochdale, came of age a little over two years ago. In May or June, 1910, he became a client of mine, and from time to time I advised him on business matters. I learnt that he had come into a fortune, but I did not know the exact amount. I introduced him to White, who introduced him to prisoner at the Great Northern Hotel at about the end of September, 1910. I had had one transaction with prisoner before this. From that time there were a number of business transactions between prisoner and Tweedale, in all of which, except one, I was advising him. By December 16, 1910, he had paid prisoner in one way or another  19, 500. On that date he executed and gave prisoner bills for  16, 000, which, allowing three days' grace, would become due on June 19, 1911, in connection with a contract for the purchase by him from the prisoner of the Risley Estate. In the following January there were some further contracts made; the main contract was the repurchase by prisoner. (Mr. Healy asked that these documents should be produced. The Solicitor-General stated that he would not deal further with the matter until they were found and produced.) On March 30 I saw prisoner at the Great Northern Hotel as regards Tweedale's buying the balance, 611 acres, of the Thorney Estate; this was the first time prisoner had mentioned it to me; it was suggested to me first by Whits, and at his request I came to see prisoner in London about it. Prisoner said the price was  6,000,  2,000 to be paid on the signing of the contract and the balance on completion. After discussing the matter with White, who was advising Tweedale as to the values, I telephoned to Tweedale to come up to London. White, a land agent, knew the value of the estate; be carried on business at the Midland Grand Hotel. Tweedale came up to London. On March 31 I saw prisoner, alone at first, and asked him to supply me with particulars of the land. He called for his secretary, who brought in a sheet of paper containing the particulars. He told me that Gadsden was his solicitor in the matter and referred me to him. Later in the day I saw Gadsden and handed him the parts, which were embodied in an agreement executed later in the day; I do not know what became of the actual sheet. I told him that Tweedale was proposing to buy, and he said "All right." I saw prisoner again and told him that Tweedale was prepared to buy on the terms he proposed, and I asked him whether he had pledged or charged his contract. He replied that he had not, and I asked him further if he was able to enter into a contract for the sale. He said he was. I then asked him whether he would embody those statements in a declaration, and he said he would. I then went to my London agent's office to prepare the contract (Exhibit 5) and the form of declaration (Exhibit 4). The paragraph in writing was inserted at the Midland Hotel later at White's suggestion; it is in his secretary's writing. Paragraph 1 is a list of properties with the acreages, and is an exact copy of the particulars supplied to me. I saw prisoner and handed the two documents to him. He read them and said they were all right. Gadsden acted as the commissioner for oaths. Before the declaration was executed he and prisoner had a word together in a corner of the room; they had the declaration with them. I did not hear what they said. The declaration was then executed, and I saw prisoner sign it. He signed the contract at the same time; I witnessed it. The first paragraph of the declaration says: "The contract for the purchase of the said estate has not been pledged by me and there are no existing charges thereon, and I have fall right to enter into the contract for the sale of 611 acres entered into by me with (blank) "; the name was not filled in. Then comes the paragraph which was added, and it has no bearing on the things under discussion. Then it goes on: "And I make this solemn declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true and by virtue of the provisions of the Statutory Declaration Act, 1835." Then follow his signature and the signature of Gadsden as Commissioner. The agreement is of the same date, and is made between prisoner as agent for and on behalf of I. A. B. Walker, the vendor, and Tweedale; it contains the full particulars of the 611 acres that I have referred to, and stipulates that the purchase shall be completed on or before April 13 next. Then follows in manuscript the receipt of the  2,000 deposit. I am not positive whether the cheques were drawn before or after the execution of the agreement. Tweedale and White came across to the Great Northern with me, and in the Court below my recollection was that Gadsden came in first, but I am not quite positive about the order after thinking over it. The six cheques amounting to the  2,000 (Exhibits 7a to 7e) were drawn in my presence from Tweedale's book, and they are signed by him. Demery, prisoner's secretary, filled them up and also the counterfoils. The first is a cheque to J. B. Newton, for  200; he was a land agent at Long Eaton and Tweedale's selling agent of the Riseby estate. The next one is a cheque of  500 to Mr. Ball, a land agent at Nottingham. I had nothing to do with the splitting un of the cheques. The next cheque is for  450 to Demery, then  125 to Edwards, my London agent, and the next a cheque for  125 to me. These were all drawn under prisoner's direction. The last one is a cheque for  200 drawn in favour of "H. Morton," White's secretary; this was afterwards split up into smaller amounts. 1 believed the statement the prisoner had made in the declaration or I should not have advised Tweedale to carry through this transaction and pay this money. I had no knowledge that these charges upon the contract and property, or that notice had been given by the vendors to complete the contract by May 4. I think it was on May 17 that I heard there were any charges. On first hearing I saw White, who saw prisoner on Tweedale's behalf. Through him 1 received a proposal that prisoner should pay Tweedale  3,000 to cancel the contract. I saw prisoner in May. By June 14 we had reached the point of being ready to settle the matter by payment of the  3,000, and I saw prisoner at the Great Northern Hotel expecting to receive that sum. He had a number of bills amounting to  80, 000, on which 1 understood he was going to raise money to clear off the  3,000 and some other matters in connection with the Risley estate and he handed them to me, to hold until I received the  3,000 on the following day. Exhibit 12 is the memorandum I signed as to it, and Exhibit 13 the terms I agreed to. On the next day I saw him again expecting to get the  3,000, but I did not get it. I handed back the bills and he gave me a receipt for them (Exhibit 11). As far as I know, Tweedale has never got any part of the  3,000. I ceased to act for him on July 29, 1911. The Solicitor-General put in three documents relating to the resale by Tweedale to the Hooley family of parts of the Risley estate, dated respectively December 21, 1910, January 7, 1911, and January 14, 1911. It was stated that no other had ever been completed. Cross-examined. The Risley purchase price was  105, 000 upon Mr. Albert Ball's valuation. I supposed at that time Tweedale was able to finance that transaction (I did not know what money he had), and I assume prisoner did or he would not have contracted. I do not think I was ever asked by prisoner whether he could, but if I had been I should have said I thought he could. Immediately after the agreement of December 16, 1910, he (Tweedale) entered into possession and the furniture and most of the materials were sold. The matter was carried through by White, Tweedale's agent. I was not present. The furniture fetched about  3,000. Everything that was loose and moveable was sold and the whole thing realised about  14, 000. The mortgages on Risley were disclosed in the agreement and the  14, 000 practically went back into the estate and Tweedale had that amount to credit. He was also credited with the  19, 500 and with  10, 000, I think, profits he had made on other deals with prisoner. If Tweedale had had the money to finance and if it had been carried through I thought it would have been a most advantageous transaction for him, and I think so still. Tweedale was to subsell in small lots and pay off the mortgagees; prisoner had nothing more to receive after he got the bills; that was the intention when the contract was entered into. Exhibit 11 is the statement of account as to it. Tweedale had to pay the items shown there: Re Whiteley and Acryse,  5,850; Re J. White,  700; Re Ball,  700; costs of resale,  600." Upon prisoner's direction Tweedale is credited with  10, 000 profit re Erskine and the  19, 500 advanced by him. The three large sums at the bottom are sums to be paid to mortgagees. The account represents a wiping out of all prior transactions and a pooling of the whole thing into the Risley purchase. 1 believed, and believe it now, to be an honourable transaction on his part. I do not know what the  500 cheque (part of the  2,000 payment) to Ball was for. He made a valuation of the Risley estate only for Tweedale, and which he was paid for by him. It was not through me that prisoner learnt that Tweedale was unable to finance the Risley purchase. If the contracts entered into by prisoner and members of his family and the other existing contracts had been completed, I did not think there was any difficulty in the matter being wound up by June if Tweedale had been prosperous in carrying out the subsales he would have been able to meet the bills. I should think the subcontracts made after the purchase of Risley came to  34, 000. The first of the contracts was made with a view to enable prisoner to keep his own place. I cannot without having the sub-contract before me say what was their nature; they were handed in July last to Mr. Hosegood; the last one was on March 31, 1911, by which prisoner's wife was going to buy back from the Golden Brook Estates, Limited (a family company in which the whole of the assets of the prisoner's family were invested), who were the vendors to Tweedale, a portion of the estate for  24, 000; Tweedale was asked to sell it and he did so; he was re-selling to the prisoner's family at a higher proportionate price than what he had given for it. I consider the sale of Thorney unencumbered to Tweedale for  6,000 a good bargain. White, who inspected it, advised him as to the value and told him he could make a profit on the resale; prisoner himself said it was worth  16, 000. I knew prisoner had subsold down to March 31, 1911; 1 knew the sub-sales had not been completed by conveyance in January, 1911, but all but 611 acres; I also knew all the particulars of the sub-contracts he had entered into had been verified in that month by my London agent's managing clerk, Exeter, for another purpose altogether. I did not know that prisoner had not paid Mrs. Herrick. On March 31 by the form of the contract and the declaration I must have assumed that he had not got his conveyance, but I also knew that the amount of the sub-sales totalled more than the purchase-price he had to pay; I think I must have known that the whole thing still rested in contract. I felt that I had been satisfied first by prisoner and then by Gadsden that the particulars prisoner had given me of the land he proposed to sell to Tweedale were all right. I handed Gadsden the particulars and asked him whether they were all right, and he said they were; between solicitors I thought that sufficient; I thought if he knew of any charges he would have told me. I saw Tweedale and White and told them the conversation I had had with prisoner before I saw Gadsden. When I told White on May 17 about the charges he did not say that he knew all about them; I did not communicate with prisoner direct at first because I had not got particulars of the charges; I got them alternately through my. London agent. I thought the inducement for the bargain was prisoner getting the large present payment of  2,000. Tweedale was a willing buyer, but I personally had no interest in the matter except that I was anxious he should make a profit. I cannot say why I did not say to prisoner that I would not advise my client to pay more than the usual 10 per cent, deposit, except that that offer was made by prisoner and it was accepted. After Gadsden had confirmed the particulars (at about 2.30 p.m. on March 31) I saw Tweedale at his hotel, the Midland, and told him that to my mind the matter seemed in order, and then he instructed me to proceed. I then went to my London's agent's office and prepared the contract and the declaration, having made an appointment with prisoner to meet him at his hotel at about 5 p.m. I returned to the Midland where I saw Tweedale and White, and it was then that White suggested the insertion of paragraph s: "I have arranged terms with Mr. Studley as set out in James White's letter to me of March 23, 1911." I had had no word with prisoner about that at the time it was written, but it related to a matter affecting Tweedale. I knew of the letter, but I had not seen it. I cannot say whether prisoner said anything about it. He and Gadsden were locking at it together in the corner of the room for about two minutes It was about certain arrangements that prisoner was making with Studley, a third mortgagee on the Risley estate, which were beneficial to Tweedale. White and Tweedale accompanied me to the Great Northern; we arrived there about 5.15, a little late. This was a Friday, and I knew prisoner went home for his week-ends, but I did not know he caught any special train. The only business that Tweedale had to do was to sign the cheques, and to sign the Thorney and Hopwell Hall contracts; Hopwell Hall was part of the Risley estate; I think he did all the signing at one time and then left with White at well turned half-past five. The  125 cheque to Edwards was a debt owing to him by prisoner and the  125 cheque to me was for expenses in connection with the Risley estate, and all of it went in that manner. I produce the original envelope (Exhibit 20) on which the prisoner divided up the  2,000 into the different cheques; the only difference is that the item, "J. White,  325," was split up to a cheque for  200 to White and a cheque for  125 to me. I presume, seeing how the  200 was split up, White wanted some money in London for immediate use. The splitting up of the  325 cheque was done by White and prisoner and the splitting up of the  200 by Tweedale and White. After White and Tweedale had left I was chatting to prisoner and I am inclined to think that it was then that Gadsden came into the room; I have been thinking that point over. I was not then that I first broached the question of the statutory declaration; I had handed the declaration and the agreement to prisoner before anybody came in. (To the Court. Tweedale was with us when the paragraph was inserted in the declaration.) I, should think Tweedale was in the room a quarter of a hour altogether. There would be the Hopwell contract in two parts, the Thorney contract and the declaration on the table. I should say I was with prisoner alone about 10 minutes, while White and Tweedale waited either in the corridor or the billiard room and it was then that I banded him the documents the Thorney contract and the declaration first and the Hopwell contracts separately, but it was all done at the same time; I said that in the Court below. I regarded both contracts as important; I did not draw any distinction; I should think he regarded the Hopwell contract as the more important, but I cannot say that the whole conversation I had with him during that 10 minutes was about it; he read it through and that would take him about 10 minutes; he had not seen it before; he did not ask me any questions about it; he was a man of experience and understands these things. I do not know that anything else but the Thorney and the Hopwell contracts were discussed; they were then put on the table. I cannot say that the paragraph about Studley in the declaration was discussed at all. I understood in the Thorney matter and the declaration matters prisoner was relying on Gadsden. When White and Tweedale came in I cannot recollect whether the Studley paragraph was mentioned at all. At this interview Demery, prisoner's secretary, was in and out of the room all the time. Prisoner and Tweedale were both at the table signing together; I think they signed the Hopwell contracts first. When Gadsden came in there were only prisoner, Lemery, and I in the room. Gadsden was there to see prisoner on another matter and that is how he came to be the Commissioner; this was about 6 p.m. My recollection is that when I saw prisoner in the afternoon I told him when I came at five I would arrange for a commissioner to come from the City, and I, think he then told me that I need not do that as he expected Gadsden would be calling between five, and half-past; I think I said that in the police court. In August of this year he (Tweedale) issued a writ against me for negligence, but I have heard nothing further of it. If I had known that the Risley contract could not have been completed I certainly would not have advised him to enter into it. When I was pressing prisoner to meet me on the Thorney matter as regards the  3,000 I did not know that Tweedale would be unable to complete the Risley matter because at the same time I was pressing prisoner for the Risley contracts to be completed; the pressure was applied by continual interviews not correspondence. White's home is in Rochdale and he used to call every Monday to see me and Tweedale at my office. I do not think there was any delay on our part in completing the sub-sales. I knew towards the end of May that the bills were becoming due and there were no signs of completion taking place; Tweedale told me then that he would be unable to meet his obligations if the sub-sales did not go through. I do not know that he ever acquainted me with his exact financial position. I keep a diary on separate sheets and I have no entries in this matter. Each transaction with prisoner is fully set forth in the agreement. I have no letters either to refresh my memory only the agreements themselves. If prisoner had not had a receiving order made against him, I think he would have found the  3,000 to close the Thorney transaction. Re-examined. In the course of the afternoon, while the transaction going on, prisoner never corrected the statement that he had made that he had not changed or pledged his contract. I think Exhibit 5 was in duplicate. The whole of the manuscript receipt at the foot is in prisoner's handwriting; when the contract was signed something was said about the receipt and prisoner just picked up the document and wrote the receipt on it; this was done before Tweedale had gone. and the cheques were still in the room, though I cannot say in whose possession they were. If I had known at that stage that there were these charges I should have stopped the cheques. I know that prisoner sometimes financed his purchasers by giving charges in the profits and that is why I made the inquiries I did as to Thorney. The resales of Thorney I found for the most part were agreements with a deposit in cash. The London agent gave me the figures of the resales and I calculated that they had already paid for prisoner's purchase price and it left a profit to him, and the 611 acres still in hand. I treated Hilton's contract for subsale as nonexistent. My London agents got copies of the subcontracts from Ashwell's and went to the solicitor of each subpurchaser and verified them on the spot. I produce a list (Exhibit 21) supplied by Ashwell's to White with the amount of the sub-sales. The investigation made by Exter in January, 1911, into the sub-sales was made with a view to arranging an advance to prisoner's own purchase money to enable him to complete with his own sub-purchasers; it had nothing to do with Tweedale. Further cross-examined. The investigation occupied only one day. White brought the particulars up; I understood from him he had had instructions from prisoner, whom I considered as my principal in the matter. (Thursday, February 8.) GEORGE LEECH TWEEDALE, Passmonds, Rochdale, mechanical engineer. I came of age on October 21, 1909. In August, 1910, my solicitors, Messrs. Jackson and Co., handed over to me  27, 500. I had known for some time Mr. David Thompson, a solicitor of Rochdale; he introduced me to Mr. James White, a land agent, in October, 1910, at the Midland Hotel, St. Pancras. In October White, Thompson, and I visited the prisoner. Various transactions took place and by December 16 I paid Hooley  19, 500. On December 16 I accepted bills (produced) to a further amount of  16, 000, which became payable on June 19, 1911. In those transactions I was advised by Thompson, as solicitor, and by White as to the value of the land. On March 30, 1911, I had a telephone message from Thompson and saw Thompson and White; I accepted their advice. We then saw the prisoner at the Great Northern Hotel. I do not remember signing documents, but I signed five cheques for  2,000 each (produced) and another for  200, which was afterwards, changed for six smaller cheques at White's request. These cheques have all been met by my bankers. I was paying this money for the purchase of Thorney for  6,000, free from encumbrances, I did not investigate myself the question whether the estate was free from encumbrances I relied on Thompson. The purchase has never been completed. I first heard there were incumbrances in May. Up to the middle of July the matter was in the hands of Thompson, as my solicitor; I then placed it in the hands of Mr. Hosegood, of Jackson and Co., solicitors, Rochdale. I was unable to meet the  16, 000 worth of hills, and a receiving order in bankruptcy has been made against me. Cross-examined. Exhibit 23, "Particulars of sale of Bisley Hall and Hopwell, David Thompson, solicitor, of Rochdale," was issued on my behalf. In December I knew I was entering into a big deal without the money to finance it, but I did not tell prisoner that. I got prisoner's estate, which is a most beautiful place, and I sold the cattle, furniture, carriages, the growing crops, and everything else on the estate by means of a series of auctions lasting from December to May. I expected to be able to pay  105, 000 for the estate by means of the profit I should get from the Erskine estate, the  20, 000 already credited; I expected to make sufficient profit by selling off the live stock, etc., on the estate to pay off my  16, 000 worth of bills; and the  47, 500 mortgages would be deducted. I did not get myself presented to prisoner as a man of considerable wealth; I did not tell him anything about my financial position; I did not get the money which was the proceeds of the sales of the live stock, etc., on the estate; Mr. Thompson, my lawyer, got it; I do not know where it is now. I do not even know who was the auctioneer. 1 was told in August that the sales realised  14, 000. Some of that went to Mr. Ball, the valuer. I do not know whose man he was. I do not separate myself in this transaction from Thompson. My confidence in Thompson ceased at the end of July. I can hardly say whether I still have confidence in Mr. White. In July I lent White  1,000 for the Wells-Johnson prize fight. He gave me  500 back; the rest he owes me. My confidence ceased in Mr. White in July last. I last saw Mr. White two months ago when I had an interview with him at my house in Rochdale. At the police-court on November 27, I said, "I think Thompson did his duty by me with regard to the Thorney Estate. White acted as my agent and adviser subject to Thompson in legal matters. My confidence in White had continued to this time." That was a mistake. In August Mr. Hosegood, my new solicitor asked that all the papers should to handed over to him; Thompson then handed over a cash statement with regard to Risley and Hopwell (produced), which I saw. That only accounts for  8,411; we came to the conclusion that we did not understand the account. That was the only account I received with regard to the  14, 000 realised. In May I first made up mind that I would be unable to meet my bills; I then knew that they had been negotiated by prisoner. I agreed to sell Risley Hall to Mrs. Hooley; I have no idea how I could sell the property before I had cleared off the mortgages and made a title. I was in complete ignorance of how to conduct these arrangements. On March 31 I arrived at the Great Northern Hotel at about 3 p.m. There was no definite appointment to come there. I knew I was going to sign something to make me the purchaser of Thorney. When I got to the hotel I went straight to prisoner's room with White and Thompson. Thompson told prisoner that I was ready to purchase the Thorrey estate, prisoner said, "This is where you make money." I do not recollect his saying that he hoped I would give him some thing on account on Risley. Thompson produced some documents; I said, "Is everything all right?" Thompson replied, "Yes." Demery then came in, made out some cheques, and I signed them. Shortly afterwards I saw Thompson and White in the billiard-room talking to Gadsden; that was the first time I had seen him. I may have signed some contracts, but I do not remember. I went back by myself to the Midland Hotel. The whole of the transaction was over by 4.30 p.m. I saw White in the Midland Hotel about 5.30 p.m. I returned to Rochdale alone by the 2.40 a.m. train. The cheque for  15 8s. 4d. is not for my hotel bill; that was paid for White's account. I never heard of a statutory declaration being signed until May. I might have seen a statutory declaration and not known what it was; I did not know that one was being prepared. I have never known that he statutory declaration included a clause about White and Stubbley. White first suggested the breaking up of the  200 cheque; Thompson may have been present. Re-examined. Before the Risley transaction I had purchased a share of the profits on the Erskine estate from prisoner, and be had guaranteed me  40, 000 as a minimum profit. In the transaction of December 16 I was credited with  10, 000; I have never received the remaining  30, 000. On December 16 I received agreement (produced) signed by prisoner and Ashwell, his solicitor, in which they agreed to pay me on or before April 25, 1911,  15, 000 for my interest in  30, 000 debentures to be issued to me in respect of the Erskine estate. That  15, 000 would become due before my bills for  16, 000 matured. I never got that money. When prisoner and Ashwell failed to pay me the  15, 000 I saw I should not be able to meet my bills. I have heard that Ashwell has since, become a bankrupt. (Defence.) LEONARD CHARLES CHERRY, clerk, Department of Official Receiver In Bankruptcy. I produce a bundle of documents in the possession of Mr. Kay, one of the Official Receivers and as such trustee of the estate of T. A. B. Walker, amongst which there is a receipt signed by Garden and Pennefather for documents received from Ashwell, dated February 6, 1911. (On the Solicitor-General being asked whether he had any objection to the admission of these documents he stated that he understood that the witness was producing them in order that prisoner might refer to them when he went into the box. Mr. Matthews stated that the object of their production was to show that Gadsden and Pennefather knew of the charges on the Thorney estate, since these were included in the documents handed over to them by Ashwell; he would call a witness to prove the handing over.) In the bundle there are also letters from Gadsden and Pennefather to Ashwell dated February 8, February 13, and February 16, 1911. Cross-examined. As far as I can remember Walker's bankruptcy was in 1911. ESNEST TERAH HOOLEY (prisoner, on oath). I am now living at Risley Hall, which was substantially my wife's property; it has now been sold, and we are paying  12 a week rent until we can get to another place; technically it belonged to the Golden Brook Estates, Limited, in which my wife held all but two or three shares. Years ago I was successful as a company promoter, but in June, 1898, I became bankrupt, and have not since obtained my discharge. On June 16 last year a receiving order was made against me. For the last three or four years I have speculated in landed estates, contracting for the purchase of a large estate, cutting it up and selling it in lots to the tenants, attempting in that way, to realise a profit; I have dealt in this way with nearly  3,000, 000 worth of landed property. One estate dealt with was the Erskine Estate, which borders the Clyde for some miles. I also purchased, through my son as nominee, the Tattershall Estate from Lord Fortescue. When Bond advanced  90, 000 I had sold that estate at  35, 000 profit. Other estates I have dealt in are the Whitehall Estate, Buxton, the Elmham Estate, Norfolk; and the Acryse Estate, Kent. I first met Tweedale in about October, 1910, when White and Thompson brought him to my hotel,  the Great Northern. I did not know Thompson at all, but I had then known White about eleven months; I understood his business to be dealing in land and as a mortgage broker. He had told me previously that Tweedale lived in Rochdale and he had just come into a fortune of about a quarter of a million, and if I had anything in the way of business to propose' he could get him to come in if. the proposals passed his solicitor; I cannot remember whether he mentioned the solicitor's name. As my business was to have land deals with people I was pleased to be introduced to Tweedale. I then saw Thompson, who I was told was Tweedale's solicitor, and he said that Tweedale had come into a fortune and White had told him that I had certain business to propose to him. I told him the class of business I had been doing and mentioned several estates. The next day I was introduced to Tweedale, and I went through the same story again about the estates I had bought and sold, and that I thought it was a good business. I did not know until July, 1911, when Hose good came to see me, that he was not the rich man I had been given to understand, by that time his bills had been dishonoured. In March, 1911, he paid me for divers considerations  195, 000,  5,000 of which he advanced towards the Erskine Estate purchase, for which I had contracted to pay  127, 500,  5,000 for the Elmham Estate deposit, and something for the Whitehall and Acryse deposits, but I cannot remember how much, they were all for deposits. Thompson and his London agent acted throughout for him. I saw Thompson nearly every week. White inspected the estates and advised as to values before Tweedale advanced anything; after my introduction to Tweedale I used to see White every day with the exception of Saturday and Sunday; he lived at the Midland, quite close to my hotel. I do not think I ever at any time had any dealings with him at all other than in matters in which he was acting for Tweedale. Oh December 16, when the Risley contract was entered into, the position was that Tweedale was interested in the four estates which I have mentioned, all of which were at that time still open. At the end of November White proposed the sale of Risley; every-thing was to be settled up if I would sell Risley; they said they would rather have Risley and deal with it themselves than wait for their profits on the four estates; White said this speaking for Thompson, Tweedale and himself. It was valued by Mr. Ball a man of position in Nottingham, at, I think,  105, 000, with the Hopwell redemption thrown in; I do not know who instructed him to value it; he was not acting for me. The  10, 000 credited to Tweedale in Exhibit 11 on that purchase is the profit I had agreed to give him on the Erskine Estate, and he was credited with the  195, 000 he had paid me. The  2,000 they debited me with because they said there might be taxes and tithes and interest, which I had not told them about, to be paid. The  700 credited to Tweedale for White was the sum I had to pay White for the deal with Tweedale. As to the  700 to Ball, I think I owed him that sum, and they were to pay him. I and my family would not agree to sell the place if they did not give us the right to buy the house, the furniture, and 34 acres back, and a contract was entered into to that effect on January 7. My wife arranged for the money,  12, 000, to carry out that contract. Adjoining was Hopwell Hall, which was untenanted, which was encumbered by mortgages, and on which I had an equity of redemption. This was sold to them for  420, 000, but on March 31, at White's suggestion on behalf of Tweedale (because they could not sell it as it wanted money spending on it) I bought it back, giving them a profit of about  2,000. My father has lived in a lodge adjoining Risley about 32 years, so my association with it was not merely as my own residence. As soon as the contract of December 16 was settled they said they would not settle without I gave them possession that night and they sent a man down. The first thing they did was to sell off my Jersey cattle without pedigrees that were worth  30 for  9 or  10 apiece. They also sold haystacks at 30s. a ton; they knocked down everything at any price they could get; they did not leave a stick or stone about and sold all the grazing rights; they were very foolish. By the contract  2,000 was set aside to pay the interest on the mortgages; I do not know whether Tweedale paid any, but a receiver was put in about six months ago and my home at Risley was broken up. I contracted to buy the Thorney Estate from Mrs. Herrick for  37, 000 and I entered into contracts for the subsale of the whole of that estate except the Hall and 611 acres. On the morning of March 27 White came to me at my hotel and asked me if I would take  6,000 for the balance, and if I would he would get Tweedale to do that if afterwards I would resell it for them, giving Tweedale  1,000 profit, and credit me with any surplus towards my Risley new purchases. On the following day, I think it was, I agreed to do the deal subject to Tweedale's and his solicitor's approval, and that I was to have  2,000 deposit; I thought the property was worth  16, 000, but they were only getting  1,000 profit in any case. I proposed to White in January that he should get Tweedale or some of his people to complete the purchase of Thorney. In buying a large estate and cutting it up into lots it is necessary to find money to get the conveyance before completing the conveyances with the sub-purchasers unless you can arrange with the vendor to give you the deeds peacemeal, and I approached Mrs. Herrick through Ashwell to let me have these deeds, but her solicitor refused, and I approached White with regard to financing the completion. He had been over the ground and in January I had given Thompson all the particulars, and his London agent's clerk had been down there making inquiries and verifying these sub-purchases. White arranged with Ball to finance it, 'but this fell through because Ball wanted to step in before Carter bad any profit; so White knew all about the Garter charge. A few days before February 6 I arranged with Gadsden, who took over the business from Ashwell, to finance the completion; I instructed Ashwell to hand over the papers to Gadsden and Pennefather as my new solicitors; the date of Gadsden's receipt for them is February 6, 1911. (Mr. Justice Phillrimore ruled, on the Solicitor-General's objection, that the letters produced by the witness Cherry could not be put in and read at this point as showing what arrangements were made by prisoner with Gadsden.) He did not carry out the arrangement which was on foot at the time of the contract with Tweedale, and as a result Mrs. Herrick cancelled the contract, which brought the whole thing down. White having suggested this purchase by Tweedale of the balance, Thompson came, I believe on the Thursday, and said that subject to the thing being all right he would get Tweedale to buy this Thorney land and he asked me if I had any charges on the property that would prevent me dealing with it. I said, "None, but you had better see Mr. Gadsden; he has got all the papers and he will give you all the Particulars you want and will tell you everything about it "; Gadsden knew all about it. He did not say a word about a statutory declaration; he first brought it to my notice at about 6.20 p.m. on Friday, March 31, when I had got my coat on going to catch my train. I do not know whether I saw Thompson on the morning of that day, but I saw White; he told me the deal was going through and they would have the documents ready some time later in the afternoon and he made an appointment for us all to meet at ray hotel at 5 p.m. They did not keep it and I kept ringing them up and telling them I was disgusted; they had been keeping the deal going all the week and they always messed me about until Friday afternoon. At after 5.30 Tweedale, Thompson, and White all came in together; there is not a word of truth in Thompson's statement that he saw me first and handed me the declaration and the other documents. The contracts were signed and the cheques passed. When Tweedale and White had gone away and I was getting on my coat to catch my train (this was at 6.30) Thompson said to me, "I want you to sign this." I said, "What is it?" He said, "It is a document to say you are free to deal with the property." I threw it across the table to Gadsden and said, "Is that all right, Mr. Gadsden? Can I sign this?" Gadsden had come in as soon as the others had gone; he had been waiting in the billiard-room to see me; he used to call on me most nights on his way home to see how the Thorney deal was going on He said, "It is all right; you can sign it." I signed it and finished, put on my coat, and went. I did not know that Gadsden was acting as a commissioner and that it was a statutory declaration; I thought he was signing it as a witness. I did not say to Thompson that I would arrange that Gadsden should attend to act as commissioner; I had no appointment with him to call. Carter, Bourner, and Bond had never interfered in any way with my arranging sub-sales, and their charges did not prevent me from selling the balance to anybody. When the charge was first given to Carter, Larkin and Co. were to hold the deposits. Carter did not like these lawyers, so we agreed we would not have them and I was to take the deposits. Bond had lent me  90, 000 on the Tattershall estate, and the sum he advanced,  4,700, on the Thorney estate, was to pay the vicar's stipend, for which I gave him a charge on Thorney; but he had ample security from the charge on Tattershall and he would not want a shilling from Thorney. Bourner's charge was on account of professional fees. When signing the declaration I did not know I was putting my hand to statements that were not literally and actually true; of course, I am a bad judge, but I reckon they are true now. I say there are no charges which prevented me dealing with the property. I agree that the declaration ought not to have been signed. There is not the slightest foundation for suggesting that I acted in this matter with any intent to defraud Tweedale. (Friday, February 9.) ERNEST TEEAH HOOLEY (recalled, further examined). Thompson and White agreed in Tweedale's presence that they should provide the purchase money for Erskine and that a company should be registered with  100, 000 debentures and  100, 000 ordinary shares; Tweedale was to have  30, 000 debentures, and I gave contracts to Thompson, White, and Edwards for so many debentures, for which they agreed to find  15, 000. Then I agreed by Exhibit 25, the agreement of December 16, to buy back Tweedale's debentures for  15, 000 by April 25. They failed to find the  117, 500 necessary to complete the purchase. Cross-examined. Throughout these transactions I regarded White as advising Tweedale and protecting his interests as against me. They were all ordinary business transactions, and I thought they were very fair both ways. The Erskine transaction was one of the earliest; he paid  5,000 to the solicitors in Scotland for the deposit of  10, 000. I do not know if this cheque handed to me for  5,000 drawn by him in favour of "W. G. Ewing "and dated October 6, 1910, is the cheque for Erskine. Owing was my secretary, and therefore the cheque was intended for me. For his  5,000 he was to get a quarter of the profits, and I see by the contract dated October 6, 1910, I guarantee this will not be less than  4,000; he was also for this to advance a further  10, 000, and for the  15, 000 he was to be given bills drawn by my wife and accepted by my son and endorsed by me payable toy  5,000 in three months,  5,000 at four months, and  5,000 at six months. An insurance for  15, 000 was to be taken out on my life and the policy was to be held by him until the  1,500 was repaid. The  40, 000 was to be taken by him in cash and debentures pro rata with me. I believe this was the first transaction I had with Tweedale; the agreement is dated October 6. I am now quite satisfied that the cheque for  5,000 shown me is the cheque which represents the payment under this agreement. I should call this an ordinary business transaction; the other transactions were, I imagine, all about the same. It was a transaction, I agree, between myself and Tweedale. It is true that for a present advance of  15, 000 I was willing to guarantee a profit of  40, 000, but there were special circumstances. All the subsequent transactions involved Tweedale paying me money at the time the contract was entered into. I can indicate no transactions in which I carried out the obligations I understood, but all the contracts were cancelled at their request; before I had time to perform them a fresh contract was always substituted; in every case the new transaction may have involved Tweedale paying a further sum of money. The Risley contract wiped out all the earlier transactions and released me from all the promises I had made; it is true I did not hand any actual cash back to Tweedale, but he was credited with it on the  105, 000, the purchase price which he had to pay as I directed; Exhibit 11 shows how I directed that the money was to be paid to me; although the agreement was made between him and the Golden Brook Estates, Limited, it was, in substance, a bargain between him and myself. The  700 I owed to Ball on account of previous dealings I had had with him; it was nothing to do with commission. He valued for Tweedale. I had never employed him as a valuer; he is a dealer in landed estates. I had not the money myself to pay him. His chance of being paid did not depend upon whether I could satisfactorily realise Risley; I should have paid him sooner or later out of something else. Tweedale gave up his  40, 000 guaranteed minimum profit for the  10, 000 credited to him in Exhibit 11; they offered to do this; we could not bring out the company until the following May, and they wanted to clear up with, me then in December. I do not know the reason why they should want to do it; it was a very good bargain for him, as he had made  5,000 profit. But he was to have  30, 000 more debentures in addition if the company came out and they did what they had bargained to do. By Exhibit 21, dated December 6, I and Ashwell agree that in consideration of his assigning to us all his interest in these debentures we undertake to pay him on or Wore April 25, 1911,  15, 000, but the debentures, as I say, have never been issued. I did not pay a farthing of that because I never got the debentures. Ashwell was not a bankrupt before April 25. This promise was not made to enable him to meet his  16, 000 worth of hills becoming due in June; he was represented to me as having a quarter of a million at that date. I agree that in the agreement (Exhibit 21) that the fact that there are charges on the Risley Estate is mentioned. His lawyer drew up the Thorney agreement, and he could have put the charges in that one. Thompson insisted on my paying his and his London agent's costs,  600, mentioned in Exhibit 21, although they were the purchaser's costs. I did not represent, to Thompson or anybody that the 611 acres of Thorney was pure profit, the sub-contract for resale of the other portions covering the purchase price I had to pay to Mrs. Herrick. I heard Thompson cross-examined in the Court below;, I do not remember Mr. Matthews suggesting to him on my behalf that I had represented the 611 acres was pure profit. (Mr. Healy objected, to the Solicitor-General reading the depositions on this point. The Solicitor-General stated he would not press it.) I do not think that if all the contracts of sub-sale had been carried out I should have had sufficient to pay the prime cost and leave the balance as profit. (Mr. Justice Phillimore pointed out that at the foot of Exhibit 22 there was a calculation which showed that such sub-sales would have realised  33, 700.) On the Thorney plan my secretary has given particulars of the sub-sales, which show that altogether I had sold  33, 769, excluding Hilton's and Tweedale's contracts, so I was  2,750 short of the purchase price. I think the deposits that I had received by the end of March on these sub-sales were a little more than  2,349; in some cases farmers paid me in sheep; I estimate altogether  3,149. It is not true to suggest that it was wholly against my interest to complete the Thorney purchase. I did intend to complete. It is true if I had carried out the purchase I should have had to pay  37, 000, the purchase price, and Carter's bonus,  3,750; I should not necessarily have had to pay Bond's  4,500 from Thorney because he had only a collateral charge on Thorney; he had other securities. I had also contracted to pay him  1,050 bonus and 62 3/4 per cent.; he would not entertain it unless he had those terms; he would not have charged anything like  1,500 for interest. I agree that adding all these figures and Bourner's  500 together the amount I would have to pay would be  48, 300, and leaving Bond out the figure would be  41, 250, but I am not satisfied that that is the way to reckon it up. Comparing that with the  39, 760, the sub-sales and Tweedale's  6,000, I should sustain a loss, but that is not a fair way of putting it. If Risley had fetched on my reselling it  16, 000, which it was worth, I should have had  9,000 credited to me by Tweedale on what I owed him for the Hall which I had bought back from him for  12, 000; he would have the balance of the profit  7,000,  6,000 being the money he had advanced and  1,000 the guaranteed profit; I never intended to sell the balance to him out and out for such a low price as  6,000. I do not agree I should have sustained a loss on the Thorney completion; deducting deposits received and adding Tweedale's  4,000 I had to receive  34, 572, which would leave me a balance in hand of  1,250 after paying Mrs. Herrick; I could have satisfied Carter from what I made out of the Risley deal. If the sale to Thorney had been an out and out sale I agree there would have been a loss. It is true if I had not carried the sale through I had  5,179, being the deposits and Tweedale's  2,000, in pocket. I have always been and am ready and willing now to return Tweedale his dishonoured bills for  2,000, dated December 16, 1910. (Produced.) (Mr. Justice Phillimore rebuked the witness, stating that he could not bargain off punishment for a possible crime by attempting to pay back.) As soon as I got them I gave them to Redfern and Hunt, the solicitors acting for me now, for  1,700 costs, they giving me a cheque for the balance, and when they were dishonoured I gave them a mortgage for  2,000 in return for them, and they now belong to me. This was perhaps two months ago. I think I had arranged to have them back before the January Sessions. I did not know that as recently as January 8 of this year they were carrying on an action on these bills against Tweedale as though they belonged to them. (The Solicitor-General put-in the writs dated August 18, 1911, and the Reply dated January 8, 1912.) I do sometimes pledge my contracts and sell my profits and it was a very proper thing for Thompson, as he knew this, to ask me whether I had done so in the case of Thorney. I had given him particulars as early as January as to the charges. March 30 was the first time he actually asked me and I told I had done so, but it did not prevent my dealing with the property. I cannot explain why this was not put to Thompson in cross-examination; I told my solicitors the whole case. The property could have been delivered to Tweedale if Gadsden had completed as he promised to do; it was not the charges on it that prevented him getting his deeds so they really did not make any difference; under the subsequent conditions, of course, it has made a difference, I agree. At the moment it would have made a difference to him in prudence. I do not remember saying to Tweedale. "This is the way to make money." I did not read the statutory declaration. It is not true that that and the agreement were signed at the same time. Gadsden and I did not examine it together, apart from the rest. I do not remember when signing it seeing "Commissioner for Oaths "; I believe from looking at it now that those words were added by Thompson after I signed. I had only signed one statutory declaration before this one. I did not see, when signing, the lithographed words just above, "Statutory Declarations Act, 1835." I relied entirely upon Gadsden as my solicitor. If I had known it was a statutory declaration I should have inquired into its contents and if I had so inquired I should have found I was declaring a lie. I directed how the  2,000 was to be split up. White insisted an having  200, so a cheque for that amount was drawn for him; Thompson and Tweedale agreed to it; I do not know what it was for; I did not think he had a banking account, so it was drawn to Martin's, his secretary, favour; he having a banking account. I knew at that time that my solicitors had received a notice from the vendor's solicitors cancelling the contract if the contract was not completed by May 4. I did not tell Thompson, but I told White that I would have no control over the property unless I could find  37, 000, and he had been trying from January to get somebody to complete for me. Mrs. Herrick, although not legally compelled to do so, gave the tenants their deposits; I myself did not return them. The first I heard of the declaration was in May when White told me I had signed one, and there would be trouble if I did not do certain things and paid so much money. Somebody had tricked me. That declaration was put before me at White's instigation. I make no charges against anybody. As soon as I learnt I sent for the selling agents of the Risley estate, Newton and Ball, to come up and see White and Thompson, paying their expenses for doing so. Edwards then had the document. Of course, I told White I had never signed one and I said the same to Newton and Ball when they arrived. I complained to nobody else. Thompson was not in town then; I never saw the document until at the police court; I asked to see it many times, but they would never show it to me. I was not on good terms with Edwards then. White arranged to meet Ball and Newton and then they came and told me that it appeared to be a statutory declaration that I had signed. I arranged with Ball to help them to get the Risley estate sold and I was to buy certain portions of it. If I did not do that they said they would apply for a warrant at Derby close to my home. Later on they wanted  5,000 for the document; Thompson was the man who made all the bullets. Newton and Ball did not tell me that Gadsden had signed it as a commissioner. I did not complain to Gadsden because since he had dropped me over the Thorney deal I had not spoken to him. (Mr. Healy objected to the Solicitor-General asking witness whether he had subpoenaed Gadsden, on the ground that it was against public policy. The objection was overruled) My solicitor has subpoenaed Gadsden and I have heard that he refused to give a proof. Re-examined. It was after March 31 that I learnt Gadsden refused to complete. The reason why my wife's or my son's names were introduced into the December 16 contract was that they would not take my name as I was an undischarged bankrupt. Tweedale was to take his  40, 000 in debentures pro rata with me; if I had half cash and half debentures he would have taken off in the same ratio. The Erskine estate consisted of. 4, 350 acres, and Lady Mary Erskine wished to sell it in consequence of the shipping round making it no longer a desirable residence. It is worth a million to-day. If they had had that estate for cutting up, they would not have wanted any more business in the office. They never took steps to issue the debentures, however, and no demand has therefore been made on his behalf. I do not know whether they have proved in my bankruptcy for the  15, 000, the price at which I promised to redeem Tweedale's debentures, the agreements were made under extreme pressure, and Thompson and White squeezed me for the sums that I paid them. I always use my glasses when reading, though not when signing, and I was in such a hurry to catch my train when signing this declaration that 1 did not put my glasses on; I trusted to Gadsden, who I knew knew all about the charges. Whereas the charges on the Risley, which were mentioned in the agreement were charges on the land, the charges on Thorney were charges only on the contract. From May, when I first knew of the declaration, until June, every day White and Thompson were trying to get money from me to return me the declaration; I regard Thompson as the biggest enemy I have ever had in my life. When I saw him on the 31st I was under the impression that Gadsden had given him all the information about the charges. WILLIAM CARTER (recalled, further cross-examined). The sixth clause of the agreement is "All cash deposits received in respect of sub-sales, of this estate or any part thereof shall be paid to Larkin and Company, solicitors, Lincoln, who shall hold such deposits." I had forgotten the name of Larkin, but I presume I went to some solicitors in Lincoln with Hooley. His object was to get some solicitors who would have the confidence of the sub-purchasers. I had no objection to it at all. The object of the solicitors holding the deposits was to satisfy the purchasers. (Further re-examined.) I do not say the clause was waived (there was no allusion to it. My claims against prisoner have not been satisfied I have proved in his bankruptcy for  50, 000 after allowing for security. THOMAS LLEWELLYN DEMERY. I have been prisoner's secretary since July, 1910. In July, 1910, I went to Lincoln to manage the sub-sales of the Thorney property, and (had authority to enter into contracts for sub-sales. I was there about four or five weeks. The figures given by prisoner are correct. I knew who found the deposit, and that Carter held a charge. I afterwards went to Yorkshire to deal with other property there. In January, 1911, I knew Thompson and White were financing the business. I was present in January at a meeting at the Great Northern Hotel, when prisoner gave Thompson and White full particulars of Thorney. On January 5 I went to Lincoln with Mr. Exeter to verify what contracts were in existence. We saw most of the sub-purchasers. In February, 1911, Mr. Ashwell, of Nottingham, was acting for prisoner; the business was transferred to Mr. Gadsden. Gadsden asked where the original contract was; prisoner stated it was with Carter because he had provided the deposit, and therefore had charge of it; that was mentioned an several occasions I was present when White proposed to prisoner that Tweedale should buy the balance which remained of the Thorney property for  6,000, Tweedale paying a deposit of  2,000; there were a series of interview about the end of March. We went into all the figures, and it was understood, the value of the property being  16, 000,  2,000 would be a reasonable deposit. White had been over the estate himself and knew the value, but he asked my opinion. I worked out the value of each particular holding, and we arrived at  16, 000 as the total. The bargain was that Tweedale should allow prisoner to resell the property, Tweedale receiving  1,000 profit, the balance of the profit to be credited to prisoner in respect of the Risley estate. The original contract of sale by Mrs. Perry Herrick to Hooley was repeatedly mentioned to White by prisoner. White asked me where the contract was I told him it was with Garter, who had provided the deposit. I was present on March 31 when Thompson and White called on prisoner. I again gave White particulars of all contracts then existing with sub-purchasers of Thorney, the number of acres sold and unsold, and the amounts realised; he asked also whether the Perry Herrick-Hooley contract was still in the hands of Carter I told him it was because the charge had not been paid, and that all the contracts had been handed by Messrs. Ashwell, who had then ceased to act for Mr. Hooley, to Gadsden. On that day Thompson had an interview with Gadsden in the Great Northern Hotel, an appointment was made for the afternoon. Thompson, White, and Tweed ale came together; all the documents with regard to Thorney and Hopwell were handed to Hooley; he said they were correct, and signed them; 0we were all sitting round the table. Tweedale handed me his chequebook, prisoner directed me to draw the cheques, which Tweedale signed and handed over; I handed the counterfoils to Tweedale; he and White then left. Gadsden came in after they had gone this was about 5.30 or 5.45 p.m., and produced the statutory declaration I had not seen this before it could not have been handed to prisoner without my observing it. Thompson asked prisoner to sign that document; prisoner asked him what it was; Thompson said it was to show that prisoner was free to deal with the property. Prisoner passed the paper to Gadsden and asked him if it was in order. Gadsden glanced through it and said prisoner had perfect power to deal with the property and he could sign it, which he did. Prisoner and I then left to catch a train. No form of words showing it was a statutory declaration were used by Gadsden. There was nothing to indicate that prisoner was making a solemn statutory declaration. Cross-examined. No conversation took place between prisoner and Gadsden after he signed the document; Gadsden did not sign it in my presence. Prisoner and I had our coats on; we left the room together. Gadsden was not asked to attend at the meeting, though he was told about it, and he probably called to learn that the business had (been completed; he generally called on the prisoner about that time; Gadsden was apprised of the fact that completion was taking place. White first suggested the  2,000 deposit; the proposal was made by him two days before March 31 on one of several interviews, which took place. I have been in court all through this case; 1 did not understand that witnesses were required to be out of court. I am a bankrupt; I am making an application to have my bankruptcy annulled next week. Re-examined. The man who made me bankrupt broke faith over a cheque which I had given him which he was to hold pending the completion of a certain matter. He discounted the cheque with a third party, who made me a bankrupt. I have got my cheque back and expect to get my bankruptcy annulled. FREDERICK KING, managing clerk to Le Brasseur and Oakley, solicitors. I was formerly managing clerk to Messrs. Ashwell, who had the conduct for prisoner of the Thorney estate down to February, 1911, when the papers were handed over to Messrs. Gadsden and Pennefather. I made a schedule of the documents, saw Mr. Gadsden, and was directed to hand the papers to his managing clerk, who gave me a receipt (produced) after checking the schedule, which includes copy charge of July 20, 1910, in favour of Carter and copy charge of September 14, 1910, to Barnard. I have been subpoenaed by the prosecution. Verdict, Guilty. (Saturday, February 10.) Mr. Justice Phillimore, in sentencing prisoner, said: I agree with the verdict of the jury. I do not say it is all your fault that this young man, starting a year and a half ago with  27, 510, finds himself in the position of having parted with  21, 500 to you, or to those whom you directed, and engaged in obligations which he was unable to meet to the extent of  16, 000 more, and the position of having a receiving order made against him. I do not say that it is all your fault. It may well be that others, or another, bad part in that business. Nor do I say that the way in which you obtained the money, other than the  2,000, was in any way which the law would call criminal, however reprehensible the inducements which you offered to that young man may have been. You have been charged, tried, and convicted, and you shall be punished for, nothing but the obtaining of that  2,000 by false pretences. Sentence: Twelve months' imprisonment, second division. JONES, William Henry (35, photographer), and STONE, Leonard (24, palmist), pleaded guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-house of Edwin James Ellis and stealing therein two dozen knives and other articles, his goods. Stone was proved to have been convicted at Farnham Police Court, 'receiving six weeks, for stealing a ferret; at Ryde, in the Isle of Wight, on March 9, 1907, he was charged with attempted murder, but was certified to be insane and was kept in an asylum until October 4, 1907; on January 17, 1910, he was charged in the Aberdeen High Courts, but a verdict of "Not proven" was returned. Prisoners were stated to have violently assaulted a baker named Sharp and a Mr. Macleod, next door neighbour to the house which was broken into, who both attempted to arrest prisoners. Sentences: Stone, Eighteen months' hard labour; Jones, Nine months' hard labour. BEFORE MR. JUSTICE RIDLEY. (Monday, February 5.) ANDERSON, William Henry (43, labourer), carnally knowing Julia Margaret Anderson, who to his knowledge was and is his daughter; attempting to carnally know Ethel May Anderson, who to his knowledge was and is his daughter. Prisoner was tried upon the first indictment. Verdict, Guilty. The second indictment was not proceeded with. Sentence: Three years' penal servitude. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Wednesday, February 7.) BROWN, Frank William (50, farmer), feloniously receiving two kitchen stoves, the goods o. Adolphus Attell, well knowing them to have been stolen; feloniously receiving 24 overalls and other articles, the goods of Stapley and Smith, Limited, well knowing them to have been stolen; Ulawfully receiving one mare, the goods of Charles Luke Mortlock; one gelding, the goods of Jonathan Dixon; one pony, one cart and other articles, the goods of Gertrude Elizabeth Eleanor Mousley; one mare and two geldings, the goods of John Edgar Parker, and four horses, the goods of George Jackson, in each case well knowing the same to have been obtained by false pretences; conspiring and agreeing with one Brown alias Clark to obtain and in pursuance thereof obtaining by false pretences from John Edgar Parker three horses, from Charles Luke Mortlock one mare, from Jonathan Dixon one gelding, in each case with intent to defraud. Mr. Bodkin and Mr. H. D. Roome prosecuted; Mr. Ernest E. Wild and Mr. E. Aylmer Digby defended. The indictment for receiving two kitchen stoves was tried. ADOLPHUS ATELL, Elm Road, Forest Road, Walthamstow, builder. In October, 1911, I was building some houses i. Sterling Road, Walthamstow; on October 11 I missed two kitchen stoves, which had the name of "Young and Marten" on them, and had been left in the kitchen of one of the new houses. The smoke pipe and cover plate were not taken. I reported the matter to the police. On January 18 at the Manor House Farm I was shown two stoves identical in every particular with those I had lost; in each case the smoke pipe and cover plate were missing. Cross-examined. I am in a fairly large way of business. I had nine similar stoves at the time. Young and Marten have a very large business indeed and sell a great number of these stoves. They are sometimes sold without the smoke pipe and cover plate. An extra charge is made for the smoke pipe and cover plate. It is necessary to have a smoke pipe and cover plate. I am not prepared to swear that the stoves I saw at Manor House Farm were the ones I lost; you cannot swear to two pins. These stoves are a very common size. Detective-Sergeant WILLIAM PHIPP, N Division. On January 18 I went with the last witness to Manor House Farm, which is occupied by the prisoner. In an old kitchen which was being repaired I found two stoves. We searched but could not find the smoke pipes or cover plates. An old stove was being taken out. Cross-examined. Manor House Farm was under repair. These stoves were not unpacked; they still had the straw round them. JOSEPH WILLIAM BESANT, 19, Coote Street, Hackney Road, assistant order clerk to Pickford and Co. On July 4 a carman named Harris was despatched by my firm to Stapley and Smith of London Wall. Harris did not come back and I have not seen him since. ERNEST GEORGE BRUTON, manager, despatch department, Stapley and Smith, Limited. On July 4, 1911, Harris collected from us 19 cases of ladies' and children's clothing, value  500. On January 15, 1912, at Walthamstow Police Station I was shown 24 children's over-alls and other articles value  2 2s. with our ticket "S   S" upon them, I can tell from the number that the overalls were part of the stolen goods. At the trial of a man named Godbolt in 1911 for receiving a portion of the stolen goods I saw 14 cases of underclothing at Walthamstow Police Court. The Recorder: How is this evidence against this man? Mr. Roome: I shall call a police officer who found the goods the subject of the charge against Godbolt in a shed on a farm occupied by the prisoner Brown. The shed was sublet by Brown to Godbolt, and when the goods were found there the officer spoke to the prisoner Brown about them. The Recorder: It is quite open to you under the Prevention of Crimes Act to prove that other property was found in his possession stolen during the previous 12 months. It is purely statutory. It was thought in the early days of this Act of Parliament that it did not matter if the prisoner parted with the possession of the property, but that is not so now. (R. v. Carter, 12 Q.B.D. 522; 53 L.J. (M.C.)96; Archbold 631, 636)." Mr. Roome: I do not know whether your Lordship thinks I can give in evidence the conversation between the police officer and the prisoner Brown in 1911. The Recorder: It does not relate to the charge we are dealing with at all. You are now giving in evidence matter which you can only give in evidence by the terms of an Act of Parliament. I do not think you can extend the Act of Parliament to include this conversation. Mr. Roome: Of course the object of the Act of Parliament is to enable the jury to draw an inference as to whether or not the prisoner knew the goods were stolen, and the conversation might further assist them to draw such an inference. The Recorder: The Act of Parliament is quite precise in confining it to goods found in prisoner's possession. If he made statements which showed that he had a guilty knowledge as regards other property, that would be a matter to be dealt with by the jury on a separate indictment; it cannot come in this cue. Mr. Wild stated that as Mr. Roome had described this evidence in his opening speech, and as evidence had been given showing that prisoner had other, stolen property in his possession, he preferred that the whole of the facts should be given. The Recorder The defence can cross-examine as to anything they like. Cross-examined. There has not been the slightest attempt to destroy the identity of these things; they have not been washed; neither the trademark nor the ticket has been taken off. We have a very large wholesale business. Detective-sergeant FREDERICK HEDGES, Scotland Yard. On January 12 I found the overalls and other things, the property of Stapley and Smith (produced), wrapped up in a horse rug on a bed in a bed-room in Manor House Farm. I took them to Walthamstow Police Station, where they were identified by the last witness in the presence of Mrs. Pressland, the caretaker of Manor House Farm. Cross-examined. It was a spare bedroom. Prisoner and his wife had left the Manor House Farm two days before I found this property to stay with their son-in-law. Mrs. LOUISA ANNE PRESSLAND, wife of Richard Pressland. I am caretaker of Manor House Farm. Soon after last Christmas prisoner and his wife left Manor House Farm and went to their son-in-law's house. I was present when the police officers found the clothing in the spare bedroom; it has not been used since prisoner's daughter stayed there in the summer. I was not in the habit of going into that room. Cross-examined. As the house is under repair it is not occupied. CHARLES WILLIAM MULBEKY, inquiry officer, employed by Pick-ford and Co. The night that Harris collected the goods from Stapley and Smith the van was found empty and unattended in Edmonton. Cross-examined. Harris never was found. On July 11 14 of the 19 stolen cases were found in a shed at Bull's Farm, which had been sublet by prisoner to a man named Uhle. Uhle stated that he had given Godbolt permission to use the shed and Godbolt was convicted in the middle of last year at Chelmsford Quarter Sessions. Inspector BEDFORD, N. Division. I charged prisoner with stealing the stoves; he said, "I am not guilty of that." Cross-examined. I charged prisoner with stealing the overalls and other things; in answer to the statutory caution with regard to the clothes, he said, "I am not guilty; my man, Smy, found them in a loft the week before Christmas." (Defence.) FRANK WILLIAM BROWN (prisoner, on oath). Since I took Manor House Farm, 12 months ago, I have been repairing the farm house. Preedy, a builder, and friend, advised me to get a self-setting stove. About last August I sent one of my men, Shergold, to Young and Marten to buy two stoves. I did not get the smoke pipe and cover plate, because I did not require it; they did not cost so much without them. Shergold brought two back. I destroyed the receipt because it was a cash transaction. As we never got so far in the repairs as to want them, they were never unpacked till they were taken away by the police. I had sublet Bull's Farm to Uhle; I knew of Godbolt's conviction. A week before Christmas a man in my employ named Smy told me he had found some things in a loft in Bull's Farm. I said, "That is some of the things left from the other case; that is all over and done with, I do not know that they are any good; throw them in the cart and I will take them on to the missis." I did so and have not seen them since. I forgot all about them. They were no use to me. I ought to have told the police about them, but I did not because I did not realise what I was doing. Cross-examined. The stoves were brought to my farm in July or August, but were not unpacked till January. I bought them because I thought I might have been able to go on with them. I have fixed four other stoves in the house. I paid for them in cash. Some fire places require a cover plate and others do not. All fireplaces require a smoke pipe, but some fireplaces have to have one made to order That was the case with mine, but I did not order the special smoke pipe at the time I bought the stoves because I did not know what kind of pipe I should want until I put the stove in. When Smy told me of what he had found, I knew they must be part of the stolen property for receiving which Godbolt had been convicted. I ought to have sent them to the police. I thought the property was of no value. Directly I was arrested I remembered that I had bought the stoves and paid for them and had a perfect answer to this charge. I once bought four second-hand stoves from Robert Scott. I may have met him on January 9 in the Higham Hill Road when I was on bail under remand, but I did not speak to him about the stoves. I did not ask him if I had bought some stoves from him. I did not ask him to give evidence for me. I cannot remember went shop I sent the man to buy the stoves from. JAMES SHERGOLD, 9, Westbury Road, Paddington. In the middle of last. September when I was in prisoner's employ he sent me to purchase two stoves from Young and Marten, in Stratford. He gave me a written order, which I handed in, paid the money, and took the stoves to the Manor House Farm. I gave the prisoner the receipt. I cannot remember the condition of the stoves. Cross-examined. The stoves were wrapped up in paper. I did not see them before or after they were unpacked. I did not ask for anything, I just handed in the piece of paper which prisoner gave me. I paid  3 for them. All I can say about the shop is it is at the corner by a church. I have never been to Young and Marten to ask for the counterfoil of that receipt. His Lordship asked the jury if they wanted to hear any further evidence. The jury stated that they thought, so far, there was no evidence. A verdict of Not guilty was then returned with regard to the stoves and the clothing. The two other indictments were postponed to next Sessions. NORRIS, Florence (32, servant). Abandoning a female child, lately born, in such a manner that the life of such child was endangered. Mr. W. Clarke Hall and Mr. Moseley prosecuted. FREDERICK COX, 4, Lilian Road, Barnes, labourer. At 7.30 a.m. on December 17 I was walking down a lane at the back of some houses in Barnes when I heard something moan. Thinking it was a puppy, I stooped down, and found it was a newly born baby wrapped in paper, with its face in the mud. I turned it on its side and sent for the police. A policeman came and the doctor was sent for. The doctor took the child to his house. WILLIAM EDWARD COLSON MUSSON, registered medical practitioner, Hounslaw. On December 17, at about 8.30 a.m., I received a communication from the police, and went to a lane near Hammersmith Bridge and took charge of a newly born child. It was very, very cold and was breathing badly, probably owing to exposure. The child was token to my house, received proper treatment, recovered somewhat, and at 4 p.m. it was taken to the infirmary. At noon that day I saw prisoner at 24, Castledean, Castelnau Gardens, Barnes. With her consent I examined her, and found that she had quite recently given birth to a child. I said to her, "You have been a very, very foolish woman." She said, "I have, but you will not let them take me away, will you?" Such exposure of an infant just born would undoubtedly put it in danger of its life, and cause it unnecessary suffering. Detective-Inspector John Currie, E Division. On December 17, at about 12.30 p.m., I saw prisoner in the kitchen of 24, Castelnau Gardens, lying on a couch. I said, "I am a police inspector. I understand you want to speak to me about a newly born child that has been found at the back of Arundel Terrace." She said, "You will not take me away, will you?" I said, "I will not take you away now, but you will have to be arrested for abandoning the child when you are well enough, and anything you tell me I will write down, and it may, be used in evidence against you." She said, "Very well." I then wrote down this statement (produced): "Florence Norris, 14, Arundel Terrace, Castelnau, Barnes, age 32. I am general servant to Mrs. Capel Hall. I became pregnant about nine months ago and I kept the fact to myself. About half-past four this morning I felt ill and I got up. I was in my bedroom at 14, Arundel Terrace. I gave birth to a child in the bed. I was so frightened I do not really know what I did. I wrapped it up in some newspapers and rushed down to the back of the house and left the baby there. I went back to bed again. It was about six o'clock in the morning when I put the baby out at the back of the house. I went to Mrs. Capel Hall at 24, Castelnau Gardens at 8 a.m. to work. Mrs. Hall spoke to me about my periods, and I told her I had given birth to a baby" She was taken to the infirmary, and when sufficiently recovered before the magistrate. When I read the warrant to her she said, "What have I to do?" The child is alive and doing well. WILLIAM FREDERICK CLARK, 14, Arundel Terrace, Castelnau, Barnes. Prisoner occupied a room in my house. She went out as a servant during the day and came back every night. On the morning of September 17 my attention was directed to some blood on the concrete outside the scullery door, on the washing stool in the scullery, and in the room where prisoner slept. Prisoner slept there on the night of December 16. Florence Norris (prisoner, not on oath). It would never have happened if I had not had to sleep out. Verdict, Guilty of wilfully abandoning the child in a manner likely to cause it unnecessary suffering; the Jury strongly recommended prisoner to mercy. Prisoner was proved to have previously given birth to an illegitimate child. Prisoner expressed her willingness to go into a Home. His Lordship directed that Mr. Scott-France (the Court (Missionary) should be communicated with. (Friday, February 2.) Mr. Scott-France stated that he had found a Home where prisoner would be looked after and given employment. Sentence: Four days' imprisonment, entitling prisoner to be immediately discharged. BEFORE MR. JUSTICE RIDLEY. (Thursday, February 1.) PHILPOT, William Henry (33, tram conductor), was indicted for, and charged on the coroner's inquisition with, the wilful murder of Agnes Mary Philpot. Mr. Muir, Mr. Travers Humphreys, and Mr. Briggs prosecuted; Mr. George Elliott, K.C., and Mr. Lamb defended. ELIZABETH ANNE TURNER, widow, 37, Coppermill Lane, Summers Town, S.W. Prisoner and his wife lived at No. 35. I knew her as a neighbour. At 10 a.m. on January 9 I saw her hanging out some washing. I had not seen prisoner for over a week. At about 2.20 p.m. that day I was at my street door when I saw the side blind in the front room downstairs of their house drawn down. Cross-examined. They had been there about 12 months. They were very quiet neighbours and seemed to be on very good terms a most happy couple. The children were well looked after. Prisoner seemed a very quiet man. OLIVE ANNIE SMITH, assistant, Earlsfield Post Office. At about 2.30 p.m. on January 9 prisoner came and despatched this telegram (produced) addressed to "Philpot, 27, Shurley Road, Sidcup," and saying, "Dad, come at once. Serious trouble. Will. On the back there is "W. H. Philpot, 35, Coppermill Lane, Tooting. I noticed he was nervous and excited. Cross-examined. He was very agitated and very nervous. HENRY PHILPOT, retired station master. Prisoner is my son. He married deceased about 12 years ago and at the beginning of this year there were two children. At about 4 p.m. on January 9 I received this telegram and at about 7 p.m. I went to see him at his house. He said, Dad, I've done it. I said, "Done what?. He said, "I have killed Ag. I said, "Good God, don't say that. How did you do it?. He said, "I strangled her. We had a quarrel over money matters first and she taunted me with my past misdeeds and I felt I went mad and did not know what I was doing. I said, "Where is she?. and he pointed to the front room and said, "In there. He said it had happened in the kitchen and he had carried her in. He told me he had bean waiting for me to give himself up. I offered to go for a constable, but he said, "Don't do that. I don't want a commotion at the house. The children were at the time in the kitchen with two or three other children, lie also said he did not want to be taken through the streets where some of his mates might see him. He said he had told the children that their mother was out and he sent the other children away. He said he would put his children to bed and I went and sent a telegram to my wife. When I returned I found he had changed his uniform for private clothes. He unlocked the door of the sitting-room and I saw the body of his wife lying on a couch. There was no sign of a struggle in any part of the house. He said he was going to give himself up and I offered to go with him, but he said he could not stand that and went alone. Before he went away he knelt down by the side of his wife and cried like a child; he kissed her and called her to come back to him. I noticed his face looked very haggard and that he had some scratches down the left side. Cross-examined. I saw them frequently, and he treated his wife very affectionately and he was passionately fond of his children. The deceased never complained to me of his ill-treating her in any way. She has said that since his last illness she was afraid he was going out of his mind, because on two occasions he had attempted suicide, once with a razor and once with poison. His state of health when a child was very indifferent. When he was 18 months old he fell on to a breadpan and gashed his head to the bone. A little time after that he fell on to the back of his head and fractured it. When a schoolboy he fell off a wall seven feet high on to a brick pavement and, cut himself across the same scar on the forehead that he did when he was 18 months old. After that he frequently complained of pains in his head, and had to be sent home from school in charge of other boys. He has done some strange things in his time. When quite a lad in the railway service he went off in the middle of the night with the mail train to London without any apparent reason. He wandered about the docks and then came home as unconcerned as if it was quite an ordinary thing to do; he gave no explanation of his conduct. About six years ago he took his wages and went off to Euston Station, where he saw a placard with "Dudley" on it. He spent all the money he had, except a few pence, for his ticket, and went to Dudley, where he had never been before and where he had no friends or relations. He told me subsequently that he walked about from place to place when he got there. After being absent four weeks he was at Taunton and saw an advertisement his wife had inserted in the paper. He walked home and came into our house just as if he had come from the next street. He gave no explanation, only that it was exceedingly hot weather at the time and he did not quite know what he was doing when he started. He was working at the time in the sidings in the open sun. I have a sister who has been for 18 years in the Minster Infirmary suffering from severe epileptic fits. I have often noticed how much he looked about the eyes the same as that sister. On the Friday following this day prisoner and his wife had arranged to have a children's party, and he had prepared a pantomime sketch for them to perform. There was a Christmas tree in the room. Re-examined. He entered the railway service in 1893 and he left in 1901. He returned in 1902 and remained till 1906. First of all he was a clerk and then he was a conductor on a Pullman car. He was dismissed from the service, but his record up to that incident was good; there was no suggestion that he was insane. For a short time he was a porter at Carter Paterson's and then he entered the service of the L.C.C. in December, 1906; I have heard no suggestion from his employers there that he was insane. He has left his wife more than once; on one occasion he went away with a girl friend of his wife's; I do not know that he lived with her. 1 heard that his wife found them at Folkestone. I took that to be one of the "misdeeds" he referred to. I have a brother and another sister who are quite sane. So far as I know prisoner has never had any fits. (To the Court.) I know nothing of any quarrels over money matters between them. Inspector GEORGE MARRIOTT, D Division. About 8.50 p.m. on January 9 I was in charge of the Wimbledon Police Station, when prisoner was shown in. He said, "I want to give myself up for murder." I saw that he was perfectly sober. I said, "Do you know what you are saying?. and cautioned him. He said, "I quits understand what I am saying," and then made this statement, which I wrote down: "I have murdered my wife, Agnes Mary Philpot, of 35, Coppermill Lane. I wish it was not so; God knows I do. I strangled her with my hands. I have two children and have put them to bed. I wired to Sidcup to my father, and when he came up I left to give myself up. It happened just after two o'clock. We had had a quarrel. I am a total abstainer. I think I went mad. Leave it at that and give me a drink of water. I read it over to him and he signed it. He was perfectly rational and sober. The left side of his face bore evidence of having been scratched by finger nails. I told him he would be detained pending inquiries. Sub-divisional Inspector WILLIAM BARHAM, V Division. At 8.50 p.m. on January 9 I went to 35, Coppermill Lane, where I saw prisoner's father waiting outside. He gave me the telegram which has been produced. I went with him into the front sitting room, where I saw body of deceased lying on the couch; it was fully dressed. I saw no signs of any struggle. I saw prisoner when he came into the station; he was perfectly sober and appeared calm and collected and understood what he was saying. GEORGE GEWAN GRIMMER, Divisional Surgeon, V Division. At 10.51 p.m. on January 9 I went to Coppermill Lane, where lying on a couch in the front room I found deceased. From a superficial examination the appearances wore consistent with strangulation. As the result of a post-mortem examination I came to the conclusion that the cause of death was suffocation caused by strangulation, and the appearances were consistent with her having been strangled by a man's hands. The hyoid bone in the neck had been fractured, which would indicate that considerable force must have been used. The woman was of slight physique. It would take at least five minutes to strangle her by pressure on the throat. Cross-examined. I have had a moderate experience in epilepsy. One of the characteristics of a person who is subject to such fits when the fit is not on is to be perfectly rational. After a fit they usually go to sleep, and on waking up appear quite normal. Divisional Detective-inspector Edward Badcock, V Division. At 12 a.m. on January 9 I saw prisoner at the station. I cautioned him, and said it was my duty to charge him with the murder of his wife. On the charge being read over to him he made no reply. SIDNEY REGINALD DYER, medical officer, Brixton Prison. Prisoner was received into custody on January 10, and I have kept him under close observation since then and have had several long interviews with him. I knew the whole of the facts connected with his history. I could discover no indications of insanity, and in my opinion, after very carefully going into the whole of the case, he was at the time he committed this offence sane so as to know the nature and quality of his act. Cross-examined. Persons having epileptic tendencies may discharge the ordinary duties of life quite normally for years without the brain showing any weakness of the kind, and when subject to an attack give way to uncontrolled fury. When the attack has passed over they appear quite cool and collected. This is called epileptic automatism. Persons suffering in this manner I have known to commit violent assaults and then be seized with remorse. I found no epileptic tendencies in prisoner, though he was closely watched. It would be possible for him, however, not to betray them. Of all classes of weakness masked epilepsy is the one form which is so often concealed in a person. Re-examined. In epileptic automatism there is always absolute unconsciousness of what is being done, but prisoner gave me quite a lucid account of the whole thing. That is not consistent with an attack of masked epilepsy. (Defence.) WILLIAM HENRY PHILPOT (prisoner, on oath). On January 9 I was a tram conductor in the employ of the L.C.C. I left home that morning at 9.30 to go to the depot, kissing my wife and leaving home quite happily. We had arranged a children's party for the following Friday. I left off work at 12.40 p.m. and arrived home at 12.45. I had dinner, my wife and children having just finished theirs. I then sat down with her to smoke a cigarette and she made a cup of tea for us. This was in the kitchen. We were discussing the party that was to come off on the Friday following and we started talking about the Christmas-tree. I asked her if she had paid for it and she said, "No, I expected you would pay for that as I have to pay for the things to go on it. I said, "As I was a day short in my wages last week and as you had an extra day's work, I should think you could pay for it. In fact, you might help me to pay off some that I owe. She said, "You do not expect me to pay your debts, do you. I am not going to, anyway. I said, "I do not think much of you for that. She said, "Well, you know what I think of you. I said, "Why, what have I done?. She said, "You must have a bad memory if you do not remember what happened five or six years ago." We were speaking quite pleasantly up to then. I said, "There is no need for you to throw that up at me. Then she, in rather a loud voice, said, "You should not make me, then. I said, "Why, don't shout you don't want all the neighbours to hear. Louder still she said, "I am not shouting. Then something seemed to snap in my head and I jumped up and caught her by the throat. She struck at me with her hands, but as I held her by the throat I lost control of myself altogether; I did not know what I was doing exactly. I felt as if I was holding a very strong galvanic battery; that is how I can best describe it; I wanted to leave go and I could not. When I did leave go she fell. I realised almost in a moment what I had done. I felt if her heart beat, but there was not any. I held a mirror to her mouth to see if she was breathing, and she was not. My first impulse was to kill myself as well, but I thought of my father and mother and the children, so I did not. I carried her into the front room, laid her on the couch, and pulled down the blind. Then I realised someone would have to look after the children because I intended to give myself up, so I went to Earlsfield and sent the telegram to my father. My father came at about 7 p.m., and I made the statement that he has spoken to. The account he has given of my previous history is a true one. FREDERICK LESLIE (hairdresser, 324, Bye Lane, Peckham), JOHN LUCY (traffic superintendent., L.C.C.), and ALBERT ARTHUR MARSHALL (Regulator, L.C.C.), stated that during the time they had known prisoner he was a quiet, well-behaved man. Verdict: "We find that the prisoner killed his wife, that he was sane at the time, that he acted in a fit of temper without intention of killing her." Mr. Justice Ridley: I do not understand what you mean by "without intention of killing her. A man is held to intend the consequence of his act. Of course, if he does it in a fit of passion that is not "deliberate" intention in one sense of the word, but he is held to intend the necessary consequences of his act. In what sense do you use the words "without intention of killing her "? The Foreman: The Jury are unanimously and emphatically of the opinion that at the moment of the act the prisoner did not realise the consequences of what he was doing. Mr. Justice Ridley: For what reason do you say that he did not realise the consequences of the act he was doing? The Foreman: That we cannot say. Mr. Justice Ridley: You must say, if you please. If he was sane at the time, there is no answer to the case. The Foreman: I cannot hold out any hope that the Jury will come to any other finding than that I have given. In accordance with Mr. Justice Ridley's direction, the Jury again retired to reconsider their verdict. In their absence Mr. Elliott submitted that the finding that "he did not realise at the time what he was doing" would not support a verdict of Guilty. Mr. Justice Ridley. I do not agree with you. I think that if a man flies into a passion and does a thing which must cause death, or which is dangerous to life, then he is answerable for his actions (unless he were in a fit, which is characterised as insanity). I am afraid I cannot hear you at the present moment. It must be discussed on some future occasion. The Jury returned into Court with the verdict, " We find that the prisoner killed his wife, and very strongly recommend him to mercy." Sentence: Death. Mr. Justice Ridley stated that the former finding of the Jury, together with their recommendations, would be mercifully considered by the proper authorities. WOOD, Henry (23, clerk) pleaded guilty of stealing bankers' cheques for  6 0s. 4d.,  16 5s. 4d., and  9 10s. 2d., the goods of John Sidney Hogg and others, his masters. Stealing one cheque form, the goods of the said J. S. Hogg and others, his masters. Forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain order for the payment of money, to wit, a banker's cheque for  91 10s., with intent to defraud. Prisoner had been in the employ of the prosecutors, who had discharged him last October for incompetency, for fifteen months. He had defrauded them in all of  66 within the last three months of his employment and had by forging a cheque he had stolen succeeded in obtaining, in addition,  91 10s. The Recorder made an order for restitution of the money found upon him and goods to the value of  40 which he had bought with the remainder. Sentence: Twelve months' imprisonment, second division. BURDEN,James (19, labourer) pleaded guilty of, on January 30, 1912, forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain request for the payment of money, to wit, a notice of withdrawal of the sum of  10 from the Post Office Savings Bank and a receipt for the said sum, in each case with intent to defraud. On February 3, 1912, forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain request for the payment of money, to wit, a notice of withdrawal of the sum of  10 from the Post Office Savings Bank and a receipt for the said sum, in each case with intent to defraud. The prisoner confessed to a previous conviction of felony at the Westminster Police Court on June 24, 1911, when he was sentenced to six weeks' hard labour for stealing. He had been a great source of trouble to his. parents. He refused to give any account of himself. In 1911 he was employed by a firm who had discharged him for dishonesty. He had given way to drink. Sentence: Three years' detention in a Borstal institution. JAY, Walter (35, postman) pleaded guilty of stealing a postal packed containing a postal order for 3s. 6d., the property of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, he being an officer of the Post Office. Prisoner had been in the service of the Post Office since 1890 and was now earning 36s. a week. At his address were found 22/ opened and 14 unopened packets;  10 worth of postal orders had been traced to him. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour. FRIEDLAND, Eleazar (49, auxiliary postman) pleaded guilty of stealing a postal packet containing postal orders for 5s. and 3s. 6d., and 6 penny postage stamps, and a postal packet containing a postal order for 7s. and 4 halfpenny postage stamps, in each case the property of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, he being an officer of the Post Office. Prisoner had been in the service of the Post Office for 14 years and was now earning 13s. 6d. a week for 41/2 hours a day. During the past 11 months there had been lost from the office to which he was attached 75 letters containing postal orders to the value of  33. Evidence was called as to prisoner's previous good character. It was urged on his behalf that prisoner's additional earnings from keeping a sweet shop were not sufficient, with his salary from the Post Office, to keep his family. Sentence: Eight months' hard labour. MILES, Walter (27, auxiliary postman and boot repairer) pleaded guilty of stealing a postal packet containing a postal order for 10s., the property of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, he being an officer of the Post Office. Prisoner had been in the employ of the Post Office since 1905 and was in receipt of 12s. a week. It was stated prisoner earned very little outside his salary and he had a wife and child to keep. Sentence: Six months' hard labour. WILLIS, Charles (61, porter), and TURNER, Horace (42, pot- man), pleaded guilty of feloniously possessing counterfeit coin with intent to utter the same. Willis confessed to a previous conviction for a similar offence on December 6, 1910, in the name of " Charles Harris, " and Taylor to a conviction for uttering counterfeit coin on December 11, 1910. Three other convictions (none for coining), dating from 1908, were proved against Willis; he had been four times charged with coining offences, but had been acquitted. It was stated that he always used barmen as confederates and never did any work. Three further convictions dating from 1905 were proved against Turner; he was released from his last sentence on the 11th of last month. Sentences: Willis, Four years' penal servitude; Turner, three years' penal servitude. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Tuesday, February 27.) COUSINS, Walter (41, stock dealer), GORDON, Edgar (48, stock dealer), and JACQUES,Ernest (36, clerk), all conspiring together to defraud persons who might deal with the Equitable Exchange, and obtaining by false pretences from Thomas Burvill two  1 postal orders, from Richard Edward Ricketts Morse bankers' cheques for  5 and  5, from Leonard Hall a money order for  10, and from John Pemberton Lloyd three share certificates, in each case with intent to defraud. Mr. Muir, Mr. Crawford, and Mr. Briggs prosecuted; Mr. Marshall Hall, K. C., M. P., Mr. Valetta, and Mr. Orr defended Cousins and Gordon; Mr. Eustace Fulton and Mr. J. L. Myers defended Jacques. THOMAS BURVILL, builder, Folkestone. In March, 1911, I saw advertisement (produced) in the "Daily Telegraph, "containing the statement: "Trunk Thirds booming. Operators this year have already received over  137, 000. " I believed that statement, wrote to the Equitable Exchange and received a large number of documents. One of them referred to Erie shares and said: "We have expended large sums of money in obtaining from numerous sources information regarding this line and we would not place same before you were we not convinced in our mind that by acting immediately and with promptitude most handsome profits are practically assured. Operators this year have already received over  60, 000. 8, 137 new clients in 1911. No contangos, commission, or even contract stamps. How is it done? " On March 27 I sent  2 to be invested in Erie Common shares and received contract note: "Equitable Exchange, general bankers, " etc. "We beg to advise having sold to you continental call option on 10 Erie shares for 15 days. 30?. Ecart rate 4s.  2. " The third condition on the back is "A call option may be exercised at any time within the given period or at the first tape price on the day of expiry. Unless instructed to the contrary, all options are exercised when deemed advisable. 4th. All options are granted for cash being payable in advance and lapse on the day of expiry on which the call is due unless previously exercised. " I believed the statements as to  168, 000 having been paid that year in profits and that the Equitable Exchange were principal agents for the Stock Exchange, dealing on their behalf with the outside public. I thought it was a genuine business. I received circular "Unsolicited testimonial." Cross-examined by Mr. Marshall Hall. I believed it was true because it was in print. I thought the  168, 000 profits had been paid to clients of the Equitable Exchange. I expected the Exchange to purchase the shares in which I had an option on my behalf. RICHARD EDWARD RICKETTS MORSE, retired Lieutenant-Colonel, Chalgrove House, Cheltenham. In November, 1911, I received a number of circulars, including "Unsolicited testimonial, " which contained, "A few amounts lately paid away to successful clients. Every cheque may be seen at our offices, examined and verified by our accountant. " A number of cheques are given, ranging from  250 to  6 10s. I believed those cheques had been sent to clients of the Exchange. I thought the Equitable Exchange were general bankers and outside stock brokers, acting honestly and straightforwardly as dealers; I did not think they were running the stock against me. I received a number of other circulars (produced), forwarded cheque for  5 and on December 1 another cheque for  5, filling up "Special order form to control the American market for 30 days. I enclose remittance, value  5, it being thoroughly understood that my liability is strictly limited to the amount herewith. Kindly exercise your discretion on my behalf." On December 4 I received telegram: "Americans rising strongly, advise further  5 to  20 interest control options." I forwarded another  5 and received contract note for "call option on 10 shares each of the American market for 30 days. " I read the conditions on the back. I believed the statements made in the circular, particularly as to the amounts said to have been paid to successful clients. To Mr. Marshall Hall. I saw from the conditions on the contract that I could abandon the option at any time I deemed advisable. I knew I was having a bit of a gamble and that my profit depended on the rise- in the value of the stock. LEONARD HALL, 37, Granby Street, Peterborough, warehouseman. In November, 1911, I saw an advertisement in "Answers" of the Equitable Exchange: "The largest, most reliable, and financially strongest institution of its kind in the United Kingdom, " offering a continental option for 30 days, and suggesting that a profit from  31 to  465 would be secured if the stock rose. I wrote, and on November 9 received a booklet stating that my interests would be watched and that profits would be made, etc. Believing the statements, I sent  10 and received contract note for a Continental Call Option on 25 United States Steel Corporation common shares. I also received pamphlet, "Golden Hints, " giving "unsolicited testimonials" and a list of sums paid to successful and gratified clients. " I believed the statements and that the Equitable Exchange was a genuine business. On December 12 I was informed that the option was expired and my money was lost. Cross-examined by Mr. Valetta. I thought I was going to make a bit of money. I exercised my judgment after consulting a friend. I have never written to the Equitable Exchange complaining. I had to be satisfied. JOHN PEMBERTON LLOYD, 26, Unthank Road, Norwich, schoolmaster. In November, 1911, whilst I was at Scarborough, in consequence of an advertisement I saw in the Daily Mail, " I wrote to Broad Street House and obtained a copy of the "People's Financier." I subsequently wrote to the Equitable Exchange and received in reply a booklet head "Options explained"; also a paper with a picture of a handful of sovereigns and banknotes; also "A recent unsolicited testimonial: Dear sir, I beg to acknowledge receipt of cheque, with thanks. I am sorry I differed about the amount due, but I saw my mistake directly. Wishing you every success. I remain, yours faithfully, E. B. A few amounts recently paid away to successful clients. " Then followed what purported to be a list of cheques giving the numbers, amounts, and the initials of the persons to whom they were paid."Every cheque may be seen at our offices. " In that list of cheques there was one for  55 14s. 9d. paid to "E. H. " I believed those statements. On November 29, 1911, I filled in and sent a "Special order form to control the American Market for 30 days, " enclosing two  5 cheques dated December 25, 1911. On November 29 I asked them to explain how they made their profits and sent 20 Cumulative Preference Shares in Paterson, Laing and Bruce, asking them to sell them and take  10, and if the postdated cheques were no good to return them and use  10 from the money obtained by the sale of the-shares. The Equitable Exchange then returned the two cheques. I then sent them 45 shares in British Oil and Cake Mills Ordinary, 100 "Illustrated London News" Preference shares, 23 Learoyd Brothers Ordinaries, 95 Hoffnung Ordinaries, 40 British Moss Litter Ordinary shares, two Ruston Procter Ordinary shares, with instructions to sell and invest the proceeds as they thought best. On December 7 the Equitable Exchange stated that they had sold the shares and allocated the proceeds to call options and sending cheque for  4 16s. 10d., that being the balance. I placed confidence in the Equitable Exchange because of statements in their favour which I saw in a newspaper called the ''People's Financier. " On December 7 I received telegram (produced): "Equitable Exchange gross fraud. Place stop on all shares at company's offices. Will come Scarboro for  10 and secure for you your shares. Wire if agreeable. Jacques, 161, Aldborough Road, Seven Kings. " I telegraphed to him to come, and prisoner Jacques came. He said he was manager of the Equitable, that when he first went there he did not realise that they were cheats, but that he readily found out that their clients did not receive their money; he stated that a paper which was detrimental to one of the clients had been torn up, but had been preserved by one of the bookkeepers; that he had edited most of the "People's Financier, " and that there was no such person as William Perceval, although the Equitable Exchange had said he was the secretary. I then wrote letter in envelope addressed "The Equitable Exchange, 83, Bishopsgate, London, E. C. Messrs. Gordon and Cousins, alias Mills and Simmonds, alias Thomp son Bros.," stating, "I return herewith the contracts and papers sent me by you and decline to have anything to do with your firm. This is to give you notice that unless I receive my certificates deposited with you by Saturday morning next I shall, without further notice, place the matter in the hands of the police." That letter was drafted by Jacques. I received a reply from Osborn and Osborn, solicitors denying that I had any cause of complaint, and stating that the Equitable Exchange would carry out their contracts. I had no further communications with them. I paid Jacques  2 and gave him an IOU for  8. The Equitable Exchange stated they were "general bankers"; I believed that statement. To Mr. Marshall Hall. I was not influenced by any statement in the papers sent by the Equitable Exchange; I was influenced by the "People's Financier." I have brought a civil action against the Equitable Exchange, and an injunction has been granted restraining them from dealing with the share certificates pending this trial. One of the conditions was that "A client may abandon an option, should he deem it advisable, at any time." I understood they were laying me 4 to 1 odds against a rise. I had confidence in the Equitable Exchange until I received Jacques's telegram. Cross-examined by Mr. Fulton. In consequence of Jacques's information I have saved part of my money. I believe his information was correct. I have been able to put a stop on 600 worth of shares by it. (Wednesday, February 28.) WILLIAM HENRY SKEEL, owner of Empire House, Wormwood Street, E. C., South African export merchant. In February, 1909, I let two rooms on first floor to Cousins and Gordon at a rent of  55 a year; other rooms were added until they occupied seven rooms, the tenancy terminated at Midsummer, 1911. JOHN ADRIAN J. AMENT, manager, City and West End Properties, Limited, Bush Lane, owners of Broad Street House. I produce agreement of July 12, 1911, between my company and Ernest Martin Jacques, journalist, for one room on fifth floor of Broad Street House at a rent of  15. References were given to W. Cousins, 83, Bishopsgate, and A. Thompson, 1, Trafalgar Buildings, Northumberland Avenue. The agreement was witnessed by Richard C. Gill, 67, Mount Pleasant Lane, Clapham, clerk in the Equitable Exchange. CECIL TOPLIS Fox, partner in Thomas Fox and Co., landlords of 83, Bishopsgate. In March, 1911, Gordon applied to me to rent premises, giving references to the National Provincial Bank and Osborn and Osborn, solicitors, which were satisfactory. On March 27 he took lease (produced) for five years from March 25 of five rooms at 83, Bishopsgate at  300 per annum; that was for the whole of the premises except the ground floor and basement. The tenants are described as "Edgar Gordon and Walter Cousins, trading as the Equitable Exchange, of 7, Wormwood Street, stock and share dealers." WILLIAM JEX STOKES, cashier, London and South-Western Bank, Bishopsgate. I produce passbooks of account with the Equitable Exchange, opened on February 11, 1909, with a credit of  120, to December 18, 1911, on which Gordon and Cousins drew jointly. Cousins had had an account from 1907. All the cheques have been returned to the Equitable Exchange except three (produced) one of which was paid on December 18, 1911. DAVID HENRY CAIRNS HUBBARD, clerk, National Provincial Bank of England, Finsbury Pavement. I produce, copy account of Edgar Gordon with my bank, opened on July 3, 1909, down to December 21, 1911; he referred to A. Mills and J. Bruce Simmonds. An account was also opened on August 19, 1909, with the Equitable Exchange by Gordon and Cousins; pass-books (produced) are correct to December 21, 1911. The Equitable Exchange also had another account, called No. 2 account, from May 9, 1911, operated on by Gordon and Cousins. All the cheques had been returned excepting three in No. 2 account and l5 in No. 1 account. On October 4, 1911, Cousins opened a third account in the name of "W. Cousins." Pass-book to November 4, 1911 (produced), is correct. RICHARD PENTREATH, deputy chief cashier, London Joint Stock Bank, Lothbury. I produce copy account with my bank in the name of David Bruce Simmonds from February, 1909, to January, 1912; also copy account with Edgar Gordon from March 24, 1910, to January 18, 1912; cheques (produced) are signed by Edgar Gordon on that account. FRANCIS THOMAS LAMBE, clerk, London City and Westminster Bank, King's Cross. I produce copy account of Alfred Mills with my bank from February 11, 1909, to December 30, 1911. I know the prisoner Gordon as Alfred Mills. To Mr. Valetta. The account has been running 15 or 20 years. THOMAS MACDONNELL, Superintendent, Private Drawing Office, Bank of England. I produced copy account of David Bruce Simmonds from May to December, 1911. Blank cheque produced, No13, 772, is out of cheque-book issued to Simmonds on May 10, 1911. EMIL ADOLPH SCHEIDEGGER, manager, Polyglot Printing Company, Limited, 72, Paul Street, Finsbury. I produce bundle of circulars, large quantities of which I had printed on the instructions of the three prisoners for which four cheques produced have been paid me. I have never dealt in stocks or shares with the prisoners. I am not a "successful and gratified client of the Equitable Exchange. " My printing account extends from February, 1909, to October, 1911, and amounts in all to  957, which I have received. Printed form of "Bertram Seymour and Company" has been converted into Equitable Exchange. " Cousins was trading as Bertram Seymour and Co. in Copthall Avenue. I have known Cousins about eight years, first at 61, Berwick Street, Oxford Street, where he traded as Bruce Simmonds. I did printing for Thompson Bros. and Co., Trafalgar Buildings, for which I was paid by the Equitable Exchange. Testimonial dated June 9, 1909, was printed by me on April 7, 1909. The earliest "list-of cheques paid to clients" is dated September 16, 1909. It gives a number of cheques paid to "H., "totalling  457 19s. 3d., and then says "Cheques have been paid to this account amounting to  227 16s. l0d. since the above sum of  457 has been paid in all  685 16s. 1d. "; then there are similar amounts to "P. C. '' and to P. P. L. " amounting to  62 3s. 7d. and  86 6s., and staling, "You may receive cheques equivalent to these amounts and more. Commence to-day. Results must prove." To Mr. Marshall Hall. I printed a large number of documents for the Equitable Exchange. I should not have done so had I thought there was anything wrong with them. I am not certain the document of July 9, 1909, was printed on April 7, 1909; I think it is a mistake in the quarter; the date is marked by my daughter in pencil. To Mr. Fulton. I have not seen Jacques at my premises. I have seen him correcting the circulars at the Equitable Exchange, he having handed them to Cousins and Gordon for their approval. Re-examined. The schedule and documents was prepared, by my firm; the documents were mixed up and we placed them as well as we could. I do not think the date of April 7, 1909, is incorrect, but my daughter may have made a mistake. EBENEZER HARPER, 2, Copthall Buildings, member of the London Stock Exchange. Cousins has bought stock through me. I have never had speculative dealings with the Equitable Exchange. Booklet produced called "Golden Hints" has what purports to be a testimonial from "E. H. " (my initials) acknowledging cheque for  55 14s. 9d. On the third page is "A few amounts lately paid away to successful and gratified clients. Every cheque may be seen at our offices. Operators dealing with the Equitable Exchange may depend upon prompt settlement of their accounts second to none. Hundreds of pounds made and paid daily." Then there are three sets of initials including 'E. H., " cheque No. 2177  50 11s. 11d.; No. 2205  68 5s. 4d.; No.2217  55 14s. 9d.; No. 2246  37 13s. Id.;No.2220  71 9s. 6d. " All those five cheques are the numbers and amounts of cheques paid to me in purchase of shares by Cousins; they are not speculative transactions by me with the Equitable Exchange. THOMAS WILLIAM WHITFORD, authorised clerk to Frank Keep, member of the Stock Exchange. Cheque produced of September 27, 1911, for  75 11s. 10d. was paid to me for the differences on American shares by the Equitable Exchange, for which I ent letter produced of September 28 as a receipt; that letter was not given as a testimonial. It corresponds with testimonials under the initials "K F., "which are my employer's initials reversed. Cheque of the Equitable Exchange of November 14, 1911, for  611 5s. was paid me in purchase of  500 Great Southern Buenos Ayres stock, which were delivered to D. V. Simmonds; Mr. Keep never speculated with the Equitable Exchange. To Mr. Marshall Hall. I have bought and sold shares for the Equitable Exchange. JOHN HENRY SNOW, manager to Guildford and Hart, Limited, 33, Furnival Street, E. C., printers, now in liquidation. My firm have printed large quantities of circulars, etc., for the Equitable Exchange, of which I produce schedule giving particulars, quantities, and dates from November 5, 1909, to April 8, 1911, for which we have been paid over  550. HENRY WILLIAM HILL, member of Hill and Swinnens, 18, Sun Street, Finsbury, printers. I produce bundle of circulars printed by my firm for the Equitable Exchange with list of dates, etc. I received instructions from Cousins and Gordon. One of the documents printed by me is "Golden Hints." It contains amongst the list of amounts, paid to successful clients "H. S. Cheque No. 2131,  20; No. 2184,  25 11s. 6d. ; / No. 2227,  16 13s. " Those cheques were all paid to me for printing. I have never speculated with the Equitable Exchange. JAMES VINCENT, traveller to J. T. Hammond and Co., Limited, 32, Fleet Lane, E. C. I produce schedule of documents printed by Hammond and Co. for the Equitable Exchange, with dates of deliveries from November 15 to December 12, 1911, amounting to  45 3s. I received instructions from Gordon. CHARLES WILLIAM LAMBORNE, assistant to Horncastle, Limited, Cheapside, advertising agents. From February, 1909, to August, 1911, I have received orders for advertising from Cousins and Gordon amounting to  3, 316, for which I produce account. WILLIAM EDWARD WHITE, clerk to Walter Skinner, 11, Clements Lane, advertising agent. I produce account of advertisements inserted at the order of Cousins and Gordon from December, 1910, to December, 1911, for which I have been paid by cheques amounting to 2, 900. My firm have had no Stock Exchange dealings with the Equitable Exchange."Golden Hints" shows as paid to "W. S. " cheque No. 2179,  4 12s. 8d.; No.2223, 37 13s. 6d.; No. 2257, 63 15s. Those were cheques paid to my firm for printing. JENNIE PETERS, shorthand typist. I was employed by the Equitable Exchange from January to September, 1911, and typed letters dictated to me by Cousins and Jacques. Each letter was numbered and a letter "C" or "J" added to show who dictated it. Copy letter produced, dated March 18, 1911, to J. Moorhouse, "Please find herewith contract for 5, 000 Trunk 3rds Continental Call Option, Which we have opened to-day for you, " etc., is numbered "287 J, " and was dictated to me on July 17, 1911, by Jacques. Torn letter (produced) is the original of that letter. I also typed on July 17 letter dated July 17, 1911, to J. Moorhouse, stating that there was no free balance on hand payable to him. To Mr. Marshall Hall. Gordon took no part in the correspondence. To Mr. Fulton. I type a great many letters; they were chiefly dictated by Jacques, but now and again by Cousins. RICHARD CHARLES GILL, clerk. On March 13, 1910, I answered advertisement of the Equitable Exchange, and saw Cousins at Wormwood Street, who engaged me as clerk at 20s. a week; I remained in the service until prisoners were arrested, receiving then a salary of 278. 6d. a week. Bullock was at first the manager; he was succeeded by Jacques in September, 1910. I also worked at Thompson Brothers, Trafalgar Buildings, with Jacques for about three months. Thompson Brothers were Cousins and Gordon. I made entries in the books and saw most of the circulars. I remember MacPherson, Brady and Co. being prosecuted and convicted in July, 1910; the Equitable Exchange were about to send out circulars recommending a certain deal; the circulars were destroyed at that time. An accumulated profit deal book was then kept by me. It was taken away and returned for the Christmas deal with about 20 pages torn out. Entries continued to be made in it from time to time. I last saw it a few days before the arrest. I remember Duncan, Forbes and Co. being arrested; the accumulated profit deals were then again stopped. Jacques told me that the police had got a list of 20 outside brokers doing a similar business; they had got Duncan, Forbes and Co. ; he wondered if they would come to the Equitable Exchange next. So far as I know only one person who took accumulated deals got more than he paid in; that was Rev. H. Carrington,  16. On the instructions of Cousins I made entries of accounts in the ledger showing that F. Martin, E. Smelter, F. Hawkins and A. Alfret had each made  80 in a triple deal. No such money was paid; there are no addresses of those persons, and there is no correspondence with them. Each are shown by the cashbook to have paid in  10. On January 18, 1910, there are accounts in the names of Edwards, Burgess, Mason and Collins, which are credited with a profit of  40 each; cheques were drawn for those amounts according to the books. There are no addresses and no indication of the nature of the deal. (A number of entries were explained by the witness.) On July 17 Moorhouse had  20 standing to his credit, which he wrote asking for. An entry was then made, dated March 18, 5,000 Trunk 3rds Continental Call Option, " and under date April 18 an entry was made closing the account at a loss. Those are in Jacques's handwriting; they were made on July 17. A letter was then dictated to Miss Peters, the carbon copy of which was put on the file; the original was torn up by Cousins in my presence and thrown on the floor. I picked the pieces up and stuck them together and handed them to the police when they took my statement (produced). Upon it is a pencil memo by Cousins, showing how the  20 was to be written off. (The witness explained the transactions with Harper and Keed and the payments by cheque to them, the acknowledgments of the cheques being marked in pencil by Cousins "Testimonial.") There is a testimonial in the name of A. Thompson, in Gordon's writing; he also went under the name of Mills and signed the reference for E. Gordon, of 84, Cavendish Road, Clapham Park, to the National Provincial Bank. Cousins went under the name of David Bruce Simmonds; there is an account in that name in the ledger. I have examined bundle of proofs for circulars, etc., found at the Equitable Exchange; a large number of them have Jacques's handwriting on them. Detective-inspector HUGH MCLEAN, City. On December 15, 1911, I received a warrant for the arrest of prisoners, on the charge of conspiracy and obtaining money by false pretences. At 2. 30 p.m. I saw Gordon and Cousins together in Bishopsgate. I told them I was a police officer and held a warrant for their arrest. I took them to Bishopsgate Police Station, where I read the warrant. Cousins made no reply. Gordon said, "You might give me the particulars and the dates, and the name of the person and the amount he sent." At about 4. 30 p.m., I saw Jacques at the Detective Office, 26, Old Jewry, and read the warrant to him. He said, "I am surprised. I had nothing to do with the business, except as an employe. I was the manager. " I took him to Bishopsgate Police Station, where he, with Gordon and Cousins, were formally charged; they made no reply. On Cousins were found two certificates of shares in the British Oil and Cake Mills, and Peterson, Laing and Co., in the name of John Pemberton Lloyd; also a blank cheque (produced). On Jacques was found copy of draft letter to Moorhouse, and a telegram, and I. O. U. for  8 from J. P. Lloyd; also a draft letter from J. P. Lloyd to the Equitable Exchange; also a long statement in the handwriting of Jacques explaining his connection with the Equtable Exchange. I examined the offices at 83, Bishopsgate the first floor is fitted up as a bank, with two pairs of bankers' scales on the counter. On the fourth floor I found a cabinet of card boxes containing the names and addresses of about 40, 000 people. On the fifth floor were 20, 000 addressed envelopes and 500 stamped envelopes ready for posting. To Mr. Fulton. Jacques called at the Old Jewry on December 5 and gave information to the effect that the business of the Equitable Exchange was not honest, and that he was a servant in the employ of the firm. He went to see J. P. Lloyd at Scarborough, with the knowledge of the police. On December-7, Cousins applied at the Mansion House for a warrant. against Jacques, for threats. Jacques was arrested on December 9, was before the Alderman on December 10, and was bound over in his own recognisances to keep the peace. The arrest of the prisoners was contemplated long before Jacques made his communication; they might have been arrested at any moment had we got sufficient evidence. Detective-sergeant FREDERICK POTTS, City, detailed the documents token from the Equitable Exchange offices. (Thursday, February 29.) RICHARD CHARLES GILL, recalled. (To Mr. Marshall Hall.) A large number of books were kept; entries were made, showing cash received, instructions of customers purporting to be followed and occasionally a profit. If the entries were honest they show the whole of the transactions. I made up my mind the business was not genuine about six or 12 months after I had been there. I had conversation with Jacques about the business. He did not tell me exactly that he was going to get Gordon and Cousins out of the firm and run the business himself; he said the clerks had better stick to him and he would see them through. He has told me on many occasions he has done dirty work for Cousins and Gordon. With regard to the letter written on July 17 to Moorhouse, he remarked to me what a fraud it was. I was friendly with Jacques in July, 1911. I had to earn my living, and if I was not satisfied with my job there were plenty who would have taken it. I did not then fully understand the position (Witness was examined in detail on a number of purchases and sales of shares.) Whether the entries were fraudulent or not all the transtions were recorded in the books. To Mr. Fulton. When I entered the service in March, 1910, Bullock was chief clerk or manager; he left in September, and was replaced by Jacques. The circulars were destroyed on the Macpherson-Brady prosecution before Jacques came. All letters were opened by Cousins or Gordon and were answered and dealt with by Jacques and others on their written or verbal instructions; the pass-books were kept locked up. Gordon generally paid the salaries. An office was taken by Jacques for the purpose of the "People's Financier" ; it was merely used as an advertisement; I did not know much about how it was conducted. In November, 1911, Jacques was on bad terms with Cousins and Gordon; he has told me he wished to get other employment; that he could not stand it any longer. WILLIAM CASH, of Cash, Stone and Co., chartered accountants, Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants. I have had a large experience in inside and outside stockbrokers' Accounts, and have given evidence in this court with regard to several. I saw all the books taken by the police, and have prepared a cash account of the dealings of the Equitable Exchange. The account was opened in February, 1909, at the London and South-Western Bank with  120, half from Gordon and half from Cousins. In August, 1909, an account was opened at the National Provincial with a transfer of  200 from the London and South-Western account; there was also an account (No. 2) opened at a later date. From February, 1909, to December, 1911, the total credits in those accounts were  54, 593 that is the gross turnover of which  46, 995 came from members of the public investing moneys in the Equitable Exchange; the total received from stockbrokers was  1, 769; paid to stockbrokers  3, 644. According to the books the losses to brokers were  1, 175 that requires to be revised in view of the evidence given that stocks were taken up. The sums paid to clients were  10, 742; trade expenses and drawings of partners were  34, 086. There are a number of accounts which appear in the ledger as expense accounts, some of which, in my opinion, are undoubtedly drawings. The total of drawings as shown by the books is  6, 644. have accounts in the ledger which show for postage and contract stamps,  5, 800 and  6, 000; I have also upwards of  12, 000 for postage together an enormous sum. Part of that is, in my opinion, drawings. I have examined the accounts which appear to show profits to clients, and prepared a summary. The names of Gill, Edwards, Burgess, Mason, Collins, South, Curtis, Percival, Jackson, Martin, Hawkins, and others, 16 in all, had sums appearing to be paid as profits, amounting to  2, 045. Taking Burgess, South and Curtis, on the same day there are sums of  100,  50, and  50 paid to the Equitable Exchange; that  200 I find is transferred to the account of D. B. Simmonds, at the Joint Stock Bank; then  300 is paid out ostensibly to the client the next day, March 24; that is paid into D. B. Simmond's account. (Witness explained a number of entries of a similar character.) I have formed the opinion that none of those are genuine transactions. The various private accounts of Gordon and Cousins are all fed from the Equitable Exchange account; about  15,000 are paid into those accounts. In the list of cheques paid to clients there are 78 cheques amounting to  2,375; of those 42 were sent to clients, and 36 are not clients' cheques. The total returned to clients is  666 on those 42 cheques, which, together with  1,709, make a total of  2,375. There were only seven. clients who got more returned to them than they paid in, the total of which amount to  35 17s. 6d. the largest amount of profit received by any client being  12 2s. 6d. The statement that  150,000 had been paid in profits in 1910, and that on April 18, 1911,  270,000 were paid to clients in one third of the year are obviously wholly untrue; the total turnover negatives any such figures. To Mr. Marshall Hall. I find that  5,700 was spent on advertising; stationery and printing,  3,100; postages,  11,935; salaries,  2,133; rent, 616;establishmentcharges, 450;partners' drawings,  1,800; sundry expenses,  6,121; that is included in postages;  4,839, doubtful. This shows that the drawings in the three years of the two principals amount to  6,600. The total trade expenses,  34,086, could only have come from clients' moneys. Mr. Marshall Hall submitted that there was no evidence of conspiracy between Cousins and Gordon: Gordon had nothing to do with the circulars; there was no evidence that he was a party to the advertisements although there might be evidence of conspiracy between Cousins and Jacques. Further, there was no evidence that any money was obtained by the representations, or that the prosecutors would not have parted with their money but for the representations. Judge Lumley Smith said that the case must go to the jury on all the counts. Verdict, Cousins and Gordon, Guilty of conspiracy, and on all counts Guilty of obtaining by false pretences; Jacques, Not guilty. (Friday, March 1.) Sentences: Gordon, Two years' hard labour on each count, to run concurrently; Cousins, Twenty-two months' hard labour (he having been already two months in prison); the taxed costs of the prosecution to be paid jointly and severally by the two convicted prisoners. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Wednesday, February 28.) LAWRENCE, William (32, labourer), unlawfully uttering a counterfeit shilling to Nellie Johns on December 27 last; unlawfully uttering a counterfeit shilling to Herbert Daniel Baldock on January 28 last, in each case knowing they were counterfeit. Mr. Beaumont Morice prosecuted. NELLIE JOHNS. I assist my father in a tobacconist's shop in Euston Road. At 3 p.m. on December 27 prisoner came in and asked for a packet of "Woodbines." I gave it to him, and he tendered this shilling (produced), which I tested and found to be bad. I called to my mother and told her it wa3 bad. Mother took the cigarettes from him and he hurried out. I chased him up Euston Road; when he saw me following him he started running. He went into a lodging-house, another witness following him. He went downstairs They would not let me follow; I had not lost sight of him up to then. When I saw him next he was in the custody of a policeman; I recognised him as the same man who had tendered me the shilling. He was taken to the station. Cross-examined by prisoner. I have never said that I saw you stopped. About two minutes before you came in another man had tendered me a bad shilling, which I broke and gave back to him; he told me to keep the tobacco he had bought and he would come back again. ALBERT MELON, Archer Street, Camden Town. On the afternoon of December 27 I saw prosecutrix chasing prisoner; I chased him from Grafton Mews to 3, Whitfield Place, a lodging-house, where he entered. I stood outside and gave information to a policeman. He went to fetch another policeman, and on his return I entered the lodginghouse with him, where I saw prisoner sitting on a w. c. To prisoner. I was chasing you for about two minutes, and I was about six yards behind you. I have known you for several years as selling papers in Tottenham Court Road and I have often spoken to you. Three years ago there was not a grievance between us about a bet and I did not say I would get my own back. Police-constable WALTER SCOTCHBROOK, 240 D. At about 3. 15 p.m. on December 27 I was on duty in Tottenham Court Road when from information I received I went with Melon into a lodging-house, where he pointed out to me prisoner, who was sitting on a w-c, feigning drunkenness, I told him that Melon had followed him into the lodginghouse, and that he had tendered a bad shilling. I took him upstairs, where the prosecutrix identified him. On the way to the station he said, "These policemen have made a mistake. I know nothing about a bad shilling." To prisoner. I did not say at the police court that Melon came and gave me the information. You went quietly to the station. (To the Court.) He was committed for trial, but the Grand Jury here ignored the bill. HERBERT DANIEL BALDOCK, booking clerk, Warren Street Tube /Station. At 11. 30 p.m. on January 28 prisoner asked for a ticket to Tottenham Court Road, one penny, and tendered this shilling (produced). I found it was bad and gave it back to him, telling him it was bad. He paid me a penny and I gave him the ticket. I could not leave the office then. About ten minutes later a policeman came and showed me the shilling, which I recognised. In consequence of what he told me I went later to the police station, where I recognized prisoner. Police-constable CHARLES GRIBBLE, 155, D Division. At 11: 90 p.m. on January 28 I stopped prisoner in Whitfield Place and told him I should arrest him for attempting to utter a counterfeit shilling at the Warren Street Tube Station. He said, "I knew it was bad, but it is the only one I have got, and you cannot do anything with me unless I have some more." I found upon him two sixpences, 1s. 11/2d. bronze and this counterfeit shilling (produced). When charged by last prosecutor he said laughingly, "Did you say knowingly? If I had known it was bad, I should have broken it up." To prisoner. You were quite sober. Whitfield Place is not a blank turning. SIDNEY WILLIAM SMITH, Assistant Assayer, H. M. Mint. These two shillings are counterfeit; they are not very good imitations. Prisoner's statement before the Magistrate in regard to the second case of uttering: "I am perfectly innocent of uttering this coin knowingly. I admit tendering the coin, but not knowingly." WILLIAM LAWRENCE (prisoner, not on oath). In the first place it is a case of mistaken identity. The bill was ignored and I was discharged. If I had been tried I had an important witness to call to prove I was in his company at the time this affair occurred. Since my acquittal he has gone to Wales and I do not know his address. I have been on remand five weeks and the police never told me anything about this charge until Monday afternoon and I had no chance of calling this witness and preparing my defence. As regards the second case, I was drinking all the night, and when I was told by the booking clerk that the shilling was bad I was on my way to the public-house where I thought I had got it from and where I had been drinking when I was arrested. I said I knew it was bad because the clerk had already told me; I did not know when tendering it that it was bad. Verdict, Guilty. Twelve convictions, dating from 1892 (none for coinage offences), were proved. Prisoner was released from his last sentence on July 21 last year. He was stated to be an associate of thieves. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour on each count, to run consecutively. LOCK, John (41, labourer) ; unlawfully uttering counterfeit coin. Mr. Beaumont Morice prosecuted. FLORENCE MASON, tobacconist, 54, St. Leonard Street, Bromley-leBow. At 8. 15 a.m. on February 16 prisoner came in and asked for a packet of "Woodbines," tendering this half-crown (produced). I told him it was bad and called my father down. He took a serious oath that he got it from his employment. I returned it to him and he left. I followed him. He went into Messrs. Fletcher's, Warner's, and Eagland's shops. I spoke to all those three people. He was given into custody at Eagland's shop. ELIZABETH FLETCHER, tobacconist, 91, St. Leonard Street. At about 8. 25 a.m. on February 16, prisoner came in and asked for a packet of "Woodbines." My daughter served him. Prisoner tended a half-crown, which she brought into me for change. I saw that it was bad and I said to prisoner, "This half-crown is bad. " He said "Is it? I got it from my work, last night." I gave it to him back. He then went out. I saw him go into Warner's shop. Mason made a communication to me. I saw prisoner leave Warner's shop and go into Eagland's shop. GEORGE WARNER, tobacconist, 28, St. Leonard Street. At about 8. 25. a.m. on February 16 prisoner came in and asked for a packet of "Woodbines. " My boy was serving. The prisoner put either a florin or a half-crown on the counter. I called to the boy that I had not got change and was coming into the shop from the parlour when prisoner picked up the coin and left the shop hurriedly. Mrs. Mason came in, and in consequence of what she told me I followed prisoner into Eagland's shop. Eagland then had this half-crown (produced) in his hand. I said to him, in prisoner's presence, "Keep the halfcrown; its a 'dud.'" Prisoner turned as if to leave the shop, and I said, "No, you have got to stop. " He said, "Don't do anything, old man. I have not been long out." I sent for a constable and he was given into custody. FREDERICK EAGLAND, tobacconist, 51, St. Leonard Street. At 8. 20 a.m. on February 16 prisoner came in and asked for a packet of "Woodbines, " tending this half-crown (produced). Testing it on a piece of slate, I found that it was a bad one. I asked my wife to give me a half-crown to weigh it with, and prisoner said, "Forgive me. " I went round to him. Warner then came in and he was given in charge. I handed the half-crown to the constable. Police-constable FREDERICK EMBURY, 772, K Division. At 9 a.m. on February 16, I was called to Eagland's shop, where I saw prisoner detained. Eagland handed me this half-crown, saying that prisoner had tendered it to him. Prisoner said nothing. He was charged. I found nothing on him. SIDNEY-WILLIAM SMITH, Assistant Assayer, H. M. Mint. This halfcrown is counterfeit. JOHN LOCK (prisoner, not on oath). This half-crown was given me on the night of February 15 by a sailor for a job I had done, tried to change it in the morning. I would not believe it was bad, and that is why I kept on going to the other shops. Verdict, Guilty. Twelve convictions, dating from 1891, were proved. None were for coinage offences; they were mostly for stealing. They included a sentence of three years' penal servitude, in January, 1908, for housebreaking, and the last conviction was on November 25, 1910, when prisoner was sentenced to 10 months' hard labour for larceny; he was liberated on the 27th of last month. It had been ascertained that it was true, as he had stated, he had endeavoured to obtain employment at Messrs. Spratt's, but without success. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour on the first count, nine months' hard labour on the second count, to run concurrently. TITCHENER, Robert (29, dealer), robbery with violence upon Elizabeth Randell and stealing from her one bag and other articles, her goods. Prisoner pleaded guilty of robbery without violence, and the plea was accepted by the prosecution. The prosecutrix was stated to be still under medical treatment for shock. He confessed to a previous conviction of felony on January 22, 1902, at the Westminster Police Court. A previous minor conviction was proved. It was stated that there had been several cases of a similar nature in the street where prisoner had committed this offence, and that since prisoner's arrest these had ceased. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. WHEATLEY, Ernest (42, watcher), attempting to procure the commission by George Hawker, a male person, of an act of gross indency with himself, the said E. Wheatley; procuring the commission by William Lambert of an act of gross indecency with himself, the said E. Wheatley. Mr. Lawless prosecuted; Mr. W. Van Breda defended. Verdict, Not guilty. SHIEL, William (34, carter), pleaded guilty of stealing 74 yards' length of crape, the goods of Stockwell and Co., Limited. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction of felony at the North London Sessions on November 19, 1907, when he was sentenced to three years' penal servitude. Nine previous convictions since 1895, for two of which he had been sentenced to penal servitude, were proved. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. HAND, Stephen (32), pleaded guilty of forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, two several orders for the delivery of goods, the property of Spiers and Pond, Limited, with intent to defraud. Evidence was given that prisoner was a man of means, but weakminded and not fully responsible. He was released on his own recognizances in  50 to come up for judgment if called upon. BEFORE THE RECORDEE. (Friday March 1.) GULLIS, Thomas (17, chairmaker), pleaded guilty of forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain order for the payment of money, to wit, a banker's cheque for  2 4s. 6d., with intent to defraud. Prisoner bore a good character previous to this offence. Sentence: Two days' imprisonment, entitling prisoner to be immediately discharged. KALLAWAY, Bernard Arthur (45, painter), having received certain property, to wit, the amounts of 1s., 2s., 1s., 1s., and other sums for and on account of the Provident Clothing and Supply, Limited, unlawfully fraudulently converting the same to his own use and benefit. Mr. Muir and Mr. Roland Oliver prosecuted. JOHN WILLIAM MORETON, secretary, Provident Clothing and Supply Company, Limited. Our registered office is at Bradford, and we have branches all over England. Prisoner was a collector at Hammersmith. The company supply persons with orders for 10s. (or any multiple of 10s.) worth of goods on local tradesmen, to whom we guarantee payment, our customers paying 6d. a week for every 10s. ticket. The collectors of each district are appointed by the company under written agreements. This is prisoner's contract, dated June 16, 1910 (Exhibit 8 read), and it has a certificate attached by which he acknowledges receipt of the printed copy of the duties to be performed as a servant. Every week he had to go his round, collecting small sums, not less than 6d., from 278 customers; when they had paid 10s. they received an order, which was sent from the Bradford office as soon as we advised them there the first amount had been paid; according to the local manager's discretion customers could have credit to the amount of  3; they have to make eight payments of 6d. each to obtain the first 10s. order. The collector is furnished with a collecting-book, which he has to return to the district office every Wednesday when he hands in the money shown thereon; he makes out a statement of all moneys collected and hands that in as well. The customer is handed a receipt card similar to Exhibit 1, on which the collector receipts the money that is paid by initialling the amount paid; if no money is received on any particular week the collector puts a cross. It is his duty to make in his collection-book an entry corresponding with the entry he has made on the customer's receipt card, putting a cross where the customer has not paid that week. On Henry Messenger's receipt card (Exhibit 1) I find he appears to have paid a shilling on January 6, the payment having been initialled by prisoner. William G. Taylor's receipt card (Exhibit 3) purports to show in the same way a receipt for a shilling on January 6. Joseph E. King's receipt card (Exhibit 4) purports to show two payments of 1s. and 2s. on December 23. John Hanson's receipt card (Exhibit 5) purports to show on December 30 two payments of 1s. 6d. and 6d. F. Horton's receipt card (Exhibit 6) shows a shilling paid on January 6 F. Brown's receipt card (Exhibit 7) shows 1s. 6d. paid on December 30. In each case in his collection book (Exhibit 2) opposite to the name prisoner put a cross, indicating to the company that nothing had been paid on the dates mentioned. He accounted every Wednesday for moneys he had received according to his collection book and gave in a weekly balance-sheet and such moneys, for which he would receive a receipt on a form, the counterfoil of which, similar to this (produced), being retained by us. He was paid exclusively by commission. I have all prisoner's weekly sheets except those for December 23 and January 6. (The Recorder decided that these be obtained.) The page of the collecting book in which the amount received is entered is referred to in the sheets, which are signed by him. The sheets are checked with the collecting books, but any omissions in the collecting books cannot be found except by reference to the receipt cards, which are examined once a month. I have compared the receipt cards on his round with his collecting book. (The Recorder stated that he would not allow other instances of discrepancies outside the six cases alleged to be gone into unless prisoner himself chose to refer to them.) Prisoner's average earnings were 30s. 9d. a week. (To the Court.) I can identify his signature and his initial. Cross-examined by prisoner. You were a spare-time agent before you signed the full-time agreement on June 16; you took over your wife's collecting book, which was increasing when in her hands, not going down. You did not turn up at the office on January 17 as usual; I do not know anything about the message you sent. According to your sheet for January 13 you collected that week  21 19s. 3d.; I do not know that you actually collected only  18 10s. 6d. I have not your sheet for January 6. (Prisoner put in a duplicate receipt, Exhibit 9, showing that prisoner had paid in on that date  17 19s. 2d., commission not having been deducted.) It does not include any of the items mentioned in the indictment. I do not know that you only collected  16 5s. FREDERICK CHARLES FELTON, assistant district manager, Provident Clothing and Supply Company, Limited, 392a, High Road, Chiswick. Prisoner rendered his weekly accounts to me every Wednesday at 9 a.m., bringing his weekly balance-sheet and collecting book. His sheet dated December 30 (Exhibit 10) shows that he paid in,  19 10s. 4d. All I am able to check is that the total on the sheet coincides with the amount shown as received by him on the collecting book. For about 18 months he had had a regular round, consisting of about 270 people; they do not change very much; when they have finished one check they have another. On January 17 he did not come to the office but sent a telegram, stating he would arrive by a later train. He sent someone later in the day. We heard nothing more from him until the Friday, when he sent up another agent, McQueen. On January 18 he came with his collecting book and paid in  19, whereas he should have paid in  20 11s. 10d. on his own showing. He was suspended. I went the same evening to prisoner's house and met him coming away. I arranged with him to go on his round the following day to check his account with the receipt cards. We went round accordingly and checked Messenger's, Taylor's, Hanson's, Horton's, and Brown's cards. (Witness gave evidence as to having found the discrepancies between the prisoner's collecting book and the receipt cards in these cases deposed to by Mr. More-ton.) In addition I went through the whole of his book and found altogether 183 discrepancies amounting in all to  13 18s., about two-thirds of which were in December and January. When I told him the whole amount he was short he said he could not account for it. I also found 23 cases in which he had accounted for money he had not received, amounting to  1 11s. Adding the discrepancy of  1 11s. 10d. on January 19 to the  13 18s., and deducting from the total the  1 11s. 10d. which he had overcharged himself, his total discrepancy is  13 18s. 10d. To prisoner. McQueen stated that you could not make your accounts agree and that you were coming up in the morning. You sent your balance-sheet before you came. When you came you said you were short. I checked your book. I do not know the amount you actually collected and should have paid in on that day. It is not the rule for agents to have discrepancies; we have not a sheet that comes down from the head office every week with a list of about 30 discrepancies. In the event of any overcharge being discovered you are refunded; you have had several such refunds. You have not on many occasions paid in too much money. About 18 months ago you paid in a sovereign too much. Your overcharging might run into about sixpence a month. I do not know of any agent at our office who is still  16 short. You agreed to go round with me and show me exactly the same way as you went round. I had not been the whole of your round checking the account on the day before, although it is true I had been to certain places; I had been round to tell people not to pay you any more; I had not your dismissal at the time, so I did not ask you to accompany me on the occasion; my object was to prevent you going round collecting. After being round on Saturday we arranged to go round on the Monday following. I do not think you asked me on the Saturday what I made of it; I cannot remember the exact figures; I do not know that I told you anything; I think you were  5 out on the day's checking; and I think you were about  1 10s. to the good, so you were  3 10s. out. You have been credited for all the overcharges found in your collecting book. (Prisoner elicited from witness details of cases in which he had overcharged himself.) I met you again on Tuesday and we went round again. As far as I know, you have never had an account delivered to you. (Prisoner admitted that he had received one last Saturday.) I do not know what you should have paid in on December 30. (Prisoner put in the original receipt for  19 10s. for moneys he had paid in on that date, Exhibit 11. He then began to ask a question bringing in the name of his wife, when Mr. Muir warned him not to proceed.) It is usual for collectors to use their collecting books on their rounds; they must do so according to the rules; you are not supposed to use copying-ink and there is no difficulty in using the book. I cannot remember how many mistakes there were, if there were any, which were put right in your sheet on January 13. You were checked up once a fortnight and whenever the receipt cards go to Bradford they were checked. There are three agents on your book at present. Re-examined. Prisoner has had credit for every overcharge and I produce a list of 23 such "overs"; they are all in January and December; the bulk of the "shorts," 183, are in the same months. According to the counterfoil receipt for December 23 he paid in  10 16s. 5d. There were only about seven cases that I checked when prisoner was not with me. I produce a list of them; the people were out when we called. Every time a member applies for a new card his old card goes up to Bradford and is checked; the collecting book is only sent up once a fortnight; I do not know how they check the collecting book When they have not the receipt cards. MARGARET MESSENGER (Grosvenor Road, Southall), CLARA KING (9, Beaconsfield Road, Southall), ELIZABETH HANSON (32, Townsend Road, Southall), GRACE BROWN (2, Weston Road, Southall), FANNY LOUISA TAYLOR (1, Essex Road, Southall), and ROSANNA HORTON (11, Grange Road, Southall), stated that they had paid prisoner the sums which Mr. Moreton had deposed to had not been entered by prisoner in his collecting book as having been paid, and that on each occasion prisoner had initialled their receipt cards, which they produced (Exhibits 1, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 respectively), acknowledging the receipt of such sums. (Defence.) BERNARD ARTHUR KALLAWAY (prisoner, on oath). I was appointed full-time accent in June, 1910; in consequence of some little difficulty with an agent his book was handed over to me; I agreed to take over the book without it being checked up; I was asked just now not to mention that agent's name. From time to time I found discrepancies and I made them good. I continued as agent till January 18. There are discrepancies in all the agents' accounts; either they have paid in too much or paid in too little. I have always made my discrepancies good when my attention has been called to the fact that I had paid in too little; I have on the other hand had to claim what I paid in too much. (Prisoner gave instances prior to December where clerical errors had been made and subsequently put right by him.) When I took over the collecting book I brought the takings up from  15 a week to  22 a week. There are scores of instances of "overpaids." On a previous occasion, when I was short, Mr. Dickson, the manager, lent me a sovereign to make up my account; I returned it to him after I returned to my house and found it. If I had been in a position to pay what I am short of now, I should never have been here. I produce   book which I took round instead of the collecting book, and I can show that in it I account for every sixpence I received on my round for the past two years. On account of difficulties at home, such as ill-health, I entered up my collecting book from memory and did not. refer to the book I had taken round and so the discrepancies arose. Mr. Dickson himself has verified instances of my having paid in money I never received. I sent McQueen to the office to tell them I would balance up as soon as I could. I went up the following morning and at once reported how I stood. I was suspended in consequence. I immediately fell in with Mr. Felton's suggestion that I should go round and check the cards; he did not tell me he had been round before. I rendered him every possible assistance I could on the three days I went round with him. I never attempted to defraud the company. I have never been checked by them since I started. I have 27 years' good character; I was in the Mounted Constabulary 2 1/2 years; I then left and became a warder at Broadmoor. I then joined the Great Western Railway as a ticket collector and after 12 months' service was appointed detective officer, remaining as such for 16 years. I left them five years ago as I lost my wife and family. I became ill and on getting better I was employed by Horace Watson, house and estate agent, of Southall, where I remained till I joined this company. Cross-examined. I understood the rule saying that when collecting I was to enter in the collecting book in ink the money I had received at the time I received it. I did not carry the company's collecting book because it was too cumbersome and it would get wet if it rained; I used my book instead as it was smaller. The other agents also did not obey the rule; I do not know why. And I cannot always carry a pen either. I used my book in entering up the collecting book, but during the latter part of the time I did it from memory and the entries do not agree because I did it hurriedly; it was sheer negligence; this happened it may be for some weeks. In my book in the case of King there will be found the money entered that I received; I entered it at the time. I have never mentioned about this book of mine before; I tried to do so at the police court, but I was "put down." I refuse to answer whether the woman I obtained my collecting book from was the woman I had seduced under the promise of marriage; I decline to say whether I have ever been married to her. I do not suggest that her book was wrong knowingly. There has never been a question about it; neither is there now. (Saturday, March 2.) HORACE WATSON, estate agent, Southall. I have known prisoner about 16 years. I employed him as assistant bailiff for about four years and I found him perfectly honest. Cross-examined. The last case he did for me was six months ago; he gave me to understand then that he was only part time agent. Detective ALBERT CAWDRON, T Division, corroborated prisoners statement as to his past employment, but stated that he asked the chief clerk of the Great Western Railway why prisoner had left that company's service, and he said that not wishing to harm prisoner in any way he would not say any more than he had left the service. Verdict, Not guilty; the jury adding the rider, "We consider there was a great laxity on the part of the company in the checking of their agents." BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Friday, March 1.) EDWARDS, Arthur (23, stoker), and EMBERSON, William (21, labourer), pleaded guilty of breaking and entering the warehouse of Harold William Hovan and another and stealing therein four clocks and other articles, their goods; breaking and entering the warehouse of Julius Pumphery and another, with intent to steal therein; breaking and entering the warehouse of Walter Gidley Wheeler and another and stealing therein a number of postage stamps and 34 cheque forms, their property. Edwards confessed to a previous conviction of felony on July 20, 1909, at the London Sessions, in the name of " Edward Arthur Matthews." Emberson confessed to a previous conviction of felony at this court on November 15, 1910, in the name of " Henry Smith. " Convictions for warehouse breaking on 1908 and 1911 were proved against Edwards; his father had stated that he always had a home for him. Four convictions, for which he had received light sentences, were proved against Emberson; from his last employer it was stated that he had stolen jewellery and money. Sentences : Edwards, Fifteen months' hard labour ; Emberson, Eighteen months' hard labour; the Recorder remarking that both prisoners were evidently habitual criminals, and the next time they came to this court would certainly be sent to penal servitude. GALL, George (34, police constable) ; carnally knowing a girl above the age of 13 years and under the age of 16. Mr. A. S. Comyns Carr prosecuted; Mr. Curtis Bennett defended. verdict, Not guilty. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Friday, March 1.) PAINE, Harry (38, labourer), pleaded guilty of breaking and entering the shop of Edgar Coombes, and stealing therein two rings and other articles, his goods. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction of felony at the Loudon Sessions on April 19, 1910. He had given himself up to the police in order, he said, to frustrate his wife, who had expressed her intention of informing against him. Three previous convictions, dating from 1906, and including one for which he was sentenced to two years' hard labour at this court for shopbreaking in 1908, were proved. It was stated that it was, when possible, prisoner's practice to enter jeweller's shops by means of scaffolding erected next door. Sentence: Three years' penal servitude. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Wednesday, February 28.) PORTEOUS, Robert George (59, no occupation), and CASTIGLIONE, James Lawrence (65, picture dealer), both conspiring and agreeing together to commit wilful and corrupt perjury; both on August 22, 1907, and on divers dates thereafter between that day and December 29, 1911, did unlawfully conspire, combine, confederate, and agree together and with Reginald Scale, Harry Ernest King, and one F. G. Wright and divers other persons whose names are unknown, to cheat and defraud such liege subjects of his Majesty the King as should be induced to purchase pictures in the belief that the said pictures were the genuine property of real judgment debtors whose goods had been seized in execution by the Sheriff upon judgments obtained in genuine actions brought against the said judgment debtors for the price of goods actually sold and delivered to them; both on August 22, 1907, and on divers days thereafter between that day and December 29, 1911, did unlawfully conspire, combine, confederate and agree together and with divers other persons to commit divers contempts of Court by bringing divers fictitious actions in the King's Bench Division of the High Court of Justice against divers fictitious defendants; both committing wilful and corrupt perjury; Castiglione committing wilful and corrupt perjury. Mr. Muir, Mr. Leycester, and Mr. Waldo R. Briggs prosecuted; Mr. St. John Hutchinson appeared for Porteous; Mr. George Elliott, K. C., and Mr. Curtis Bennett defended Castiglione. Porteous pleaded guilty. WILLIAM TURNER COOK, senior clerk, L to Z Department, Judgment Room, Royal Courts of Justice. In my room are recorded all the steps of actions the plaintiffs' names in which begins with the letters L to Z. A writ is issued signed by the plaintiff. Writ produced is by James Martin, address for service 24, Ludgate Hill, residing at 8, Stroud Green Road, Finsbury Park, picture and fine art dealer, against Alfred Jones, for goods sold and delivered. Eight days after service, if no appearance is entered, the plaintiff, on making affidavit of service, can sign judgment. Produced is the affidavit of service sworn by James Martin, stating that on November 15, 1907, as 260, St. Paul's Road, Canterbury, he personally served Alfred Jones with the writ. Original judgment produced was issued on November 29, 1907, to James Martin. Writ of fi. fa. was then issued, on the plaintiff signing the precipes directed to the Sheriffs of Warwickshire, Lincolnshire, Lancashire, Staffordshire, Surrey, Yorkshire, and Northamptonshire; writs were then issued to those Sheriffs giving them authority to seize the goods of the defendant and account for the proceeds to the plaintiff. I know both prisoners by sight. In 1907 Castiglione frequently came to my room as plaintiff in person in the name of Martin. I noticed he issued a great number of fi fas in different actions and spoke to him about it. I said it was rather dangerous issuing so many fi fas in an action, because one Sheriff might get part of the claim and another Sheriff get more than enough, and he (Castiglione) might have an action brought against him by the defendant for excessive levy. He said he was a picture dealer and his pictures were sold to people going all over the country and he might have to follow them from one county to another to get execution. After that Castiglione brought no more actions in the name of Martin. Cross-examined. If an appearance is entered, when there is a specially endorsed writ, the plaintiff can get judgment in default of defence the writs in these cases were specially endorsed in all cases the service of the writ must be proved. ROBERT LESLIE OVERBURY, clerk in Central Office, High Court of Justice, Writ Department, A to K. I have known Porteous for a year or more taking out a number of writs for the plaintiff in person in a number of actions in the name of James Clark. I produce writ of August 27, 1907. James Martin v. W. Wilson, 55, Lord Street, Liverpool, for goods sold and delivered, being oil paintings, water. colour drawings, and other pictures,  24 5s. and 10s. costs, signed by James Martin, 24, Ludgate Hill, plaintiff in person, residing at 8, Stroud Green Road, picture and fine art dealer; fi fa sworn by R. Skaif. On September 18, 1907, deposing to personal service on Wilson on August 22, sworn before F. J. Day, Commissioner for Oaths; judgment in default of appearance signed September 18 for  24 5s. and  1 5s. 4d. costs by James Martin; six precipes directed to the Sheriffs of Berkshire, Cardiganshire, Sussex, Lincolnshire, Yorkshire, and Glamorganshire. Witness produced a large number of similar series of documents in actions of James Martin v. Arthur Thompson. 55, Air Street, Leeds, v. William Castle, 23. Market Street, Manchester; v. Alfred Jones, 260, St. Paul's Road, Canonfoury; v. Alfred Pratt, 15, St. Andrew's Street Cambridge: v. Thomas Warner, 35, Hill Street, Bristol; v. Alfred Ashford, plaintiff in person, of 24, Ludgate Hill, and 8, Stroud Green Road; v. James Taylor, 55, Windmill Road, Gravesend; v. James Turner, Wimbledon: by Alfred Burton, 24, Ludgate Hill, and 8, Stroud Green Road; v. Walter Smian, 23, New Road, Gravesend; E. L. Phillips; plaintiff of the same addresses v. Alfred Jones, 270, St. Paul's Road; affidavit of service by R. E. Skaif; Alfred Charles, of 163a, Strand, and 8, Stroud Green Road; v. Frank Thomas, 40, St. Paul's Road; affidavit by R. G. Porteous; James Williams, of 163a, Strand, and 8, Stroud Green Road; plaintiff v. Charles Makepeace, Harwich; James Clark v. Charles Mack; writ issued by O. C. Kent, solicitor, 91, Queen Victoria Street; affidavit sworn by Registered E. Scale; James Clark by O. C. Kent, solicitor, v. Thomas Graham, of 8, Stroud Green Road; James Clark, in person, of 163a, Strand, and 8, Stroud Green Road, v. Alfred Lever, 19, Mile End Road; affidavit by R. G. Porteous; James Clark, v. Charles Williamson, 4, Long Acre; affidavit by Porteous; James Clark v. R. Stark, 44, Fairfield Road, Bow; James Clark v. Alfred Feltham, 14, Cambridge Street, London; some 30 similar series of documents were produced, the affidavits being sworn by Porteous, for amount of about  25 in each case, fi fa's being issued to the Sheriffs of several counties, ranging in date from September, 1907, to October 30, 1911; in all cases judgment being signed in default of appearance. Cross-examined. I have never seen Castiglione bring a writ in. JOHN HENRY HOPE, 13, Chichester Rent, Chancery Lane; FRANCIS TOM DAY, 93, Chancery Lane; ARTHUR NOBLE ROBINSON, clerk to F G. B. Crawley (deceased), Chancery Lane; IRVINE HARLE, 61, Tufnell Park Road; HORACE OCKERBY, 114, Queen Victoria Street; JOHN EDMUND BENTLEY, Record Department, Royal Courts of Justice, and ALEXANDER ROSS, solicitors and Commissioners for Oaths, proved the swearing of various affidavits in the above actions by Castiglione, Porteous, Skaif, and others. GEORGE OWEN HEATH, Exeter, Sheriff's Officer for the County of Devon. On November 2, 1911, I received from a Mr. Wright warrant and fi fa in an action of James Clark and Charles Forsyth. I put the execution in the hands of T. Chapman, and instructed Wills, auctioneer, Newton Abbott, to sell, and received cheque from him for  25 15s. 4d., which I forwarded to the plaintiff and received receipt (produced) signed "James Clark, 8, Stroud Green Road." CHARLES GERMAN WILLS, Newton Abbott, auctioneer. On November 3, 1911, Chapman, a bailiff, and Wright, instructed me to sell a parcel of pictures. Posters were circulated: "Large and valuable collection of oil paintings and water-colour drawings, comprising examples by or attributed to Sidney Cooper, Peter de Watt, Charles Stewart, Walter Donkin, George Morland, Corot, Patrick Nasmith, Teniers, and other celebrated artists." Six hundred catalogues were sent me from Wright, of 8, Stroud Green Road. I was instructed by the Under-Sheriff to sell up to about  40 to clear the execution and expenses, and on November 10 I sold by auction to that amount. By request of Wright I offered the whole of the pictures. A number of local people attended and bid; the sale realised  154 1s. 6d.; the highest price realised for a picture was  13 13s. A number of the pictures were bought in, the bidding in those cases being as much as  25 4s. the total of the sale was over  400. I forwarded cheque to Heath for  32, and paid Wright in cash and a cheque payable to E. L. Phillips (at Wright's request)  107 4s. 6d., for which I received receipt (produced) signed "E. L. Phillips, p. p. F. T. Wright." I have been nine years at Newton Abbott; I know no picture dealer there named Forsyth. (Saturday, March 2.) CHARLES GERMAN WILLS, recalled, cross-examined. This is the first sheriff's sale I have had; it was under ordinary conditions. I have not had any complaints by buyers of pictures. I thought the picture I sold for  13 13s. a nice piece of work. JOHN DOUGLAS EDWARDS, goods clerk, G. W. R., Newton Abbott. I produced invoice of a parcel consigned from Wright, of Bridport, to C. Forsyth, Newton Abbott, of a "quantity of common pictures," weight 12 cwt., dated October 31, 1911."Oil paintings" are carried at a higher rate than common pictures." A further consignment. dated November 9, 1911, was addressed to F. G. Wright, Market Buildings, Newton Abbott, weight 1 cwt. 21 lb. Delivery receipt is signed "For C. Forsyth, p. p. F. G. Wright." On November 30 there is consignment note of three crates, "common hawkers' pictures," weight 6 cwt., sent by F. Wright to J. Forsyth, Truro. On November 15 there is consignment note of 1 ton 12 cwt. "common hawkers' pictures," sent in truck (No. 58,036) by F. Wright, 8, Stroud Green Road, to J. Forsyth, Truro, carriage  3 3s. 6d. I saw Wright on two occasions and should know him again. I have been in attendance both here and at the police court. I have not seen Wright since seeing him at Newton Abbott. WALTER JOSEPH PARROTT, motor-driver, G. W. Railway. On November 9 I collected from the Fine Art Company, 8, Stroud Green Road, consignment to F. G. Wright, Market Buildings, Newton Abbott. At the police court I pointed out the man who delivered the goods; I think he answered to the name of Reginald Skaif. MRS. MARGARET GERALDINE HART, 27, Compton Terrace, Highbury, boarding-house keeper. I have been at 27, Compton Terrace two years and five months. No one under the name of Forsyth has been living there; no writ was served there on November 18, 1911. EMILY HYSON, for two years general servant to Mrs. Hart, 27, Compton Terrace, corroborated. HENRY JAMES LEAN, Truro, Sheriff's Officer for Cornwall. On November 18 I received warrant for a writ of fi fa in an action of James Clark, of 20, Haymarket, and 8, Stroud Green Road, London, v. Robert Howe, for  24 15s. 4d. and 10s. costs. I saw Wright at Truro goods station. He handed me letter produced: "51, Southbourne Road, Brixton. November 27, to James Clark, 8, Stroud Green Road. Dear Sir, I hereby declare that the goods now at Truro Station, which I have already given you in my previous letter authority to seize and to sell, are my absolute property. They are consigned in the name of Forsyth, as I have been trading under this name. Yours Faithfully, ROBERT HOWE." Wright handed me the key of the truck, in which I levied on a number of pictures, seizing enough to cover debt and cost, and instructed Sampson, auctioneer, to sell. I returned the key to Wright. The whole of the pictures were removed, and a sale took place on December 6. A number of local people and also strangers were bidding. Castiglione was there; he bid a good deal. The next morning I saw Wright and Castiglione at Sampson's office. Castiglione wrote pencil note (produced) for me to give Wright, signed "J. L. C." Letter (produced) is in the handwriting of W. N. Coode, the Under-Sheriff: "Dear Sir, Yourself v. Howe. I have now received the debt and costs. I have to retain the money for the statutory period of 14 days, after which a remittance shall be made to you unless bankruptcy ensues," addressed to James Clark, 8, Stroud Green Road. Cheque of December 21 (produced) is for  25 6s. 1d., by W. N. Coode to James Clark, and endorsed by Clark. JOHN HENRY SAMPSON, 2, Green Street, Truro, auctioneer, corroborated the last witness. I have been 35 years at Truro. I know no picture dealer of the name of Howe there. I received 500 catalogues from London before the pictures arrived. There were 269 lots, described as "A large and valuable collection of oil paintings and water colour drawings by or attributed to F. Goodal, Birkett, Forster. Peter de Windt, F. Herring, Walter Donkin, Sidney Cooper, and other well-known artists." After selling enough to satisfy the Sheriff, Wright and prisoner (who was introduced by Wright under the name of "Lawrence") directed me to continue, some pictures were added, and, in all, 284 lots were put up; 79 lots were sold to local bidders, realising  90 7s. 6d.; the others were bought in, the total amounting to  530 13s. 6d. One picture was knocked down to prisoner at 200 guineas that was A market cart Geo. Morland." I received commission only on  90 7s. 6d. I paid  31 4s. 2d. to the Sheriff,  5. to prisoner, and  10 to Wright, and handed Wright cheque produced for  24 1s. 4d., made payable to J. L. Castiglione at Wright's request. Wright gave me receipt for the whole amount. Cross-examined. The sale was under the usual conditions; there was nothing abnormal about it; it is no; unusual to have a number of persons employed by the owner to bid in; there was considerable genuine bidding; I have had no complaints, the sale being advertised as under the execution of the Sheriff gives extra publicity to it. HENRY SAMWAYS, goods clerk, G. W. R., and WILLIAM CHARLES CLEMENS, of R. and J. Lean, cart agents to G. W. R., Truro, gave evidence as to the consignment and delivery at Truro and, after the sale, of the consignment by Wright of a quantity of pictures to Devonport. FREDERICK BROWN NORRIE, goods agent for G. W. R., Devonport, produced invoice of a quantity of common hawkers' pictures, weight 12 cwt. consigned by F. Wright, Truro, to A. Pitt, Devonport. On December 19, four crates pictures arrived from London. On December 13 I saw Wright, who handed me letter by A. Pitt, giving up possession of all goods lying a: Devonport, asking for them to be sold by auction, addressed to "James Clark, 8, Stroud Green Road." I understood Wright to be Clark. ARCHIE JAMES NORTHCOTT, of Sweet and Arnott, Sheriffs Officers of County of Devon. I produce writ and fi fa issued by James Clark, 20, Haymarket, and 8, Stroud Green Road, plaintiff in person, against A. Pitt, picture dealer, Devonport. I have known Devonport 20 years there is no such picture dealer there to my knowledge. I saw Wright on December 13; he gave me the keys of the railway truck. I seized certain pictures and instructed Peter Hamley and Sons to sell which they did on December 21. I wrote letter produced (found at prisoner's offices) demanding  3 3s. 8d. railway charges and cheque was forwarded by James Clark, of 8, Stroud Green Road. PETER HAMLEY, auctioneer, Plymouth, gave similar evidence to that of J. H. Sampson, with regard to a sale at Devonport of 264 lots, 17 pictures being sold to genuine. buyers for  17 4s. 6d., 63 lots bought in at  158 19s. 6d., the remaining lots not being offered. Castiglione told me before the sale that he would be answerable for those who attended to bid for him; he paid me  35 to balance the sheriff's amount and my costs. The remainder of the pictures were handed over to Wright. ISAAC SLESINGER MOSS, landlord of 23, Market Street, Manchester. No one named William Castle was a tenant at that address in October 1907. JAMES HENRY SMITH, 15, St. Andrew Street, Cambridge. Alfred Pratt has not lived at my address for 20 years. CALEB TOOMEY, 55, Lord Street, Liverpool. Walter Wilson has not lived at 55, Lord Street no writ was served there on August 22. 1907. CALEB STERRY, messenger, Old Bank, Bristol. In 1908 my bank occupied 35, Corn Street; no one of the name of Thomas Warder occupied or used that address. JOHN WILLIAM STEVENSON. I have been employed at 55, Air Street. Leeds, for 11 years. In September, 1907, no person named Arthur Thompson occupied or used the premises. (Monday, March 4.) PERCIVAL FREDERICK DENMAN, goods carman, G. W. R., London. I collected five crates "C. H. Pictures" from 8, Stroud Green Road, consigned to F. G. Wright, Truro. Castiglione delivered the goods to me. FREDERICK STANLEY WHITE, 20, Hill Street, Peckham, fishmonger. Robert Howe has not lived at my house. Porteous did not serve a writ there on November 1 or any time. MAUD WHITE, wife of F. S. White, corroborated. EDWARD SINCLAIR, carman, G. W. R. I collected from 8, Stroud Green Road four crates and one bundle common hawkers' pictures consigned to Hamley and Sons, Devonport. They were delivered to me by Castiglione. JAMES ELLIS, lift attendant, and F. C. HILDEBRAND, caretaker, 7, Walbrook. No one named Alfred Pitt has used thus address or been served with a writ by Porteous. EDITH KING, 51, Southbourne Road, Brixton Hill, wife of Harry Ernest King. My husband has been employed by Castiglione, who has traded as "E. L. Phillips and Co." and "The London Fine Art Company," at 8, Stroud Green Road for 12 years. Up to 12 months ago I lived for six years at 6, Rochester House, Rushworth Road. We took our present house from May and Philpot agreement produced is signed by my husband. I do not know James Morton or Alfred, Ash ford my husband was not employed by either to my knowledge. Card produced, "H. E. King, Fine Art Dealer, 6, Rochester House, Brixton," is my husband's card. He has never traded under the name of Forsyth, nor has Forsyth traded at 57, Southbourne Road. Letter produced signed Forsyth giving James Clark authority to seize and sell goods at Truro is in my husband's writing. A. Pitt has not lived at 51, Southbourne Road. Letter from Pitt to Clark authorising the seizure of goods at Devonport is not in King's handwriting. Letter of December 19, 1911, from A. Pitt to Hamley and Son is not in my husband's handwriting. The signature of the "Witness H. E. King, 26, Burfield Road, Brixton" is my husband's writing. On that date H. E. King was not living at 26, Burfield Road. Mr. Castle lives at 26, Burfield Road. HARRY FRANK BAKER, 10, Acre Lane, Brixton. 6, Rochester House, was let to King from February, 1905, to March, 1911. EZRA ALBERT EDWIN PILGRIM, clerk to May and Philpot, estate agents, Brixton Hill. On March 6, 1911, my firm let 51, Southbourne Road, to H. E King. He referred to E. L. Phillips and Co., and the Fine Art Company, of 8, Stroud Green Road. HERBERT HENRY CHILD, secretary to J. P. Restaurants, Limited. In February, 1910, I let ground floor and basement of 163a, Strand, to Castiglione, and produce letters in his handwriting. ALFRED LEWIS, cashier, London, County and Westminster Bank, Holloway Road. Ada Castiglione and J. L. Castiglione had accounts at my bank. Cheque  3 8s. 8d. in favour of Sweet and Arnett was drawn on Ada's account. On December 2, 1911, there is a debit of  4 7s. 2d. in favour of Lean. Cheques of C. J. Wills to E. Phillips,  97 7s. 6d.; G. L. Coode to James Clark,  55 15s. 4d. and  25 6s. 1d.; Sampson to Castiglione,  24 1s. 4d.; and F. C. Wetherby to Clark,  56 6s. 10d., were. paid into the accounts of Ada or J. L. Castiglione. HENRY SIMMS, engineer. My wife is the owner of 8, Stroud Green Road, which I let to Castiglione in 1900 at  75 a year, afterwards increased to  100. It is a large covered-in-yard, with work-shops at the end, and a front shop. In June, 1910, I let No.  , a house and shop, also to prisoner at  65 a year. Cross-examined. Castiglione has always behaved. to me honourably. He is a manufacturer of pictures; he employs men to make frames, to restore and to paint. Detective NOAH HOLT, Gravesend Borough Police. I have lived at Gravesend for 11 1/2 years. There is no street called Windmill Road; there is Windmill Street. I have not been able to find any James Taylor at No. 55. SAMUEL CLARK, 8, Beresford Road, Harringay, artist in oils. I have never brought an action against Charles Maggs, of 66, Great Dover Street, and do not know Maggs or the action for  23 6s. 2d. I know no solicitor named O. C. Kent. I know Reginald Skaif as an employe of prisoner; he did not serve any writ for me. I have been a landscape-painter for 50 years. I have painted pictures for prisoner and have sold him 20 to 25 in a year, the price varying from  1 to  15, averaging about  5 a picture. I have a half-brother named James Clark; he has been brought up to paint, but he is mostly employed by prisoner to go into the country and see if there are any pictures worth purchasing and to repair and restore pictures. He lives at 6, Landseer Road, Holloway. I know H. E. King as an employed of prisoner. Cross-examined. My father was a well-known animal painter. I have painted several pictures for the Prince of Teck. Prisoner has always acted honourably to me; I looked upon him as a friend as well as a patron. He has never asked. me to sign anyone else's name to a picture or to make any false representation of any kind. I have received 100 guineas for a picture. Prisoner has paid me as much as  20 for a picture. Prisoner is a very large buyer of pictures at sales; valuable pictures are often picked up cheaply. SARAH MAGGS, 66, Great Dover Street, widow of Charles Maggs. My husband was not served with a writ on September 12, 1910, at my house. I should have known if it had happened. FRANCES CLARK, wife of James Clark, 6, Landseer Road. Holloway. My husband works for prisoner. Thomas Graham was not served with a writ at my address in October, 1910; I do not know Graham. FREDERICK WILLIAM HEALE, secretary to a public company, landlord of 24, Ludgate Hill. On December 8, 1908, I let 24, Ludgate Hill, to prisoner at  450 a year, payable monthly. He left on March 21, 1910. Cross-examined. Prisoner has always fulfilled his obligations. I regarded him as an honourable man. Detective-sergeant ROBERT SCOTT, New Scotland Yard. There is no such road as Lansdown Road, Holloway. ESTHER ADLER, 19, Mile End Road, wife of Sims Adler. Alfred Lever did not live at my house in February, 1911. MRS. ANNA CRASH, 14, Mile End Road. Alfred Lever has not lived at my house, nor been served with a writ by Porteous. HARRY HICKS TUCKER, manager to Heath, Son and Read, auctioneers. Old Bailey. On February 13, 1911, I received from Howard and Co., the key of 64, Long Acre; there was a sale on February 16, conducted by my firm. No one named Charles Williamson was served with a writ there on February 14, 1911. EDWARD ALBERT SHAW, surveyor, corroborated. CHARLES LEONARD PARKER, 44, Fairfield Road, Bow. Robert Skaif was not served with a writ at my house on February 23, 1911. ADA DUNCKLEY, 14, Cambridge Street, Edgware Road. Alfred Totham was not served with a writ at my house on March 1 1911. ALFRED JAMES COLES. Charles Burr was not served with a writ at 56, Commercial Road, on April 1, 1911. Fifteen other witnesses at various addresses proved that writs had not been served as stated in the affidavits of service exhibited. Inspector DAVID LEWIS, Scotland Yard. On December 29, at 12 noon, I, with Sergeant Bishop, saw Castiglione at 8, Stroud Green Road, and read the warrant to him. He said, "Where is the harm; I have been doing it for ten years. Has Porteous been arrested?" I said, "Yes." Porteous's name was mentioned in the warrant. He said, "He advised me that it was all right." When charged at Bow Street he said, I did nothing wrong, but if I did I did it in ignorance." I found at 8, Stroud Green Road, letters from Coode and Sweet and Arniss to James Clark, and a number of writs fi fas and other documents (produced); also ledger containing entries of the purchase of a large number of pictures, ranging from 5s. to  1 2s. 6d.; other entries refer to cleaning or restoring pictures. Detective-sergeant CECIL JOHN BISHOP, Scotland Yard. After the arrest I conveyed Castiglione to Bow Street in a cab. On the way he said, 'I have done this for the past ten years on the advice of Porteous and other solicitors; I will not mention their names; I shall not do any good by bringing them into it. If I have done wrong it was in ignorance." Mr. George Elliott stated there was no dispute as to the facts on which the charge of perjury was based, but he submitted that they did not constitute the offence of perjury, there being no "cause" as defined by the Judicature Act, 1872.s. 100; no lis pendens; no real plaintiff and no real defendant; no person seeking relief and no one against whom relief could have been obtained; therefore no "judicial proceeding." (R. v. Pearce, 9 Cox, 258; Archbold. p. 1157; R. v. Ewington, 2 Moody, p. 223.) Mr. Leycester submitted that the facts constituted a "judicial proceeding"; also a "matter other than a judicial proceeding"; further, under the Commissioners for Oaths Act, 1889, any wilfully false affidavit sworn before an authorised commissioner was sufficient to establish the crime of perjury. Judge Lumley Smith said that for the purposes of to-day he should rule that there was a judicial proceeding and that the oath was a material oath to make in the course of a judicial proceeding for the purpose of obtaining a judgment of the court; although there might be no issue before the court and there could be no effective judgment prejudicing anybody, nevertheless it was avowed by a judicial proceeding. It might be that Mr. Elliott was right, and he would grant leave to appeal and state a case for the Court of Criminal Appeal. A verdict of guilty was then taken against Castiglione; Mr. Elliott to be at liberty to produce evidence on the question of fraudulent intent before the judge alone in mitigation of sentence, which was postponed until the hearing of the appeal on the point of law. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Saturday, March 2.) BAKER, Henry (33, traveller), embezzling the several sums of  1 6s. 9d.,  17s. 8d., and  1 10s. received by him for and on account of Ernest James Larby, his master. No evidence being offered on the part of the prosecution, the jury returned a verdict of Not guilty. WRIGHT, George (25, labourer), stealing one pair of spectacles and one pawnticket, the goods of Richard Crowley, from his person. Police-constable James Wiggins, 313 E. About 1 a.m. on January 27 I was in Gray's Inn Road when I saw prosecutor lying on his back outside the "Olive Branch"; prisoner was standing across him with both his hands in prosecutor's trousers' pockets. On seeing me he walked sharply down the Mews. I caught him and told him I should charge him with attempting to rob a drunken man. He said, "It's all right; he is a pal of mine. I have been with him all day." I took him to the station where he was charged; he made no reply. I found on him 2s. in silver, 8d. in bronze, a pawnticket, and a pair of pince-nez. Prosecutor was hopelessly drunk; he was taken to the station on an ambulance and also charged. Prisoner was perfectly sober. Cross-examined by prisoner. I was. about seven or eight yards away from you when I saw you with your hands in his pockets. Prosecutor was lying on the footway. There were no other people round there. Another officer was with me at the time. I showed you the things that I found on you. I asked you if they were yours and you made no reply. I did not find on you three letters and a purse. I heard prosecutor say he had lost between  7 and  8 that night. RICHARD CROWLEY, electrician. I can remember up to 8.30 p.m. on January 26; I had got very drunk and after that I remember no more. These glasses (produced) are very like mine; I had a pair with me that night. The pawnticket (produced) is mine. At about 8 p.m. I had paid me  7 10s. and I had this cheque for 30s. (produced). I can account for about  2; the last time I recollect having the balance was about 8.30 p.m. I went to different (public-houses. When I came to myself I found myself at the station. I only know prisoner by seeing him in the station in the morning. I was fined for being drunk and incapable. To prisoner. I said to you in the waiting-room, "You have got nothing to be afraid of; I cannot see what they have got to do with you; you never had my money" because I did not know anything about it then. I generally carry my spectacles in my vest pocket. I also had the cheque in my vest pocket. I remember putting the cheque in that pocket when I received it; sometimes I carry my money there also. Police-constable STANLEY BENNETT. About 1 a.m. on January 27 I was with Police-constable Wiggins in Gray's Inn Road when we saw prosecutor lying on his back across the pavement in front of a mews; prisoner was standing over. him with his hands in his trousers' pockets. He attempted to run away; the other police constable followed and secured him. I got the ambulance and took prosecutor to the station; he could not walk. I returned and about five yards from where prosecutor had been lying I found this cheque for 30s. I saw prisoner searched. He said the property found on him was his. To prisoner. I was between five to ten yards from you when I saw you with your hands in his pockets. I did not notice any people round you. The other officer was present when you said that the property belonged to you. Prisoner's statement before the Magistrate, "I will make a statement later on." GEORGE WRIGHT (prisoner, not on oath) stated that the pawntickets and the spectacles alleged to have been found on him were not shown to him till the following morning at the Court; that the officers had given contradictory accounts of what he had stated when they were found, and also as to the distance they stated they were from where they alleged they saw him with his hands in his prosecutor's pockets; that on that evening at 12.15 he saw prosecutor with three men coming out of a public-house singing. He went into the public-house and stayed there till closing time. On coming out he saw a crowd surrounding the prosecutor, who was lying on the road. He had begun to lift him up when the police arrived and wanted to know what was the matter. He said he was trying to lift him; but they were not satisfied and took him to the station. When searched he was given back a leather purse found on him. He was not saying that the things were not found upon him, but he contended he ought to have been asked to account for them. He presumed they must have been placed in his pocket by someone whilst he was trying to lift prosecutor. Verdict, Guilty. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction of felony at this Court on January 12, 1911, in the name of " Charles Dodd," when he was sentenced to nine months' hard labour. Two further convictions in 1909 and 1910 were proved. It was stated he was an associate of a prostitute whom he assisted in robbing drunken men; he was never known to have done any work. Sentence: Twenty-two months' hard labour. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Saturday, March 2.) BUSHNELL, Robert George (27, newsvendor), stealing a purse and a book, the goods of Ethel May Carter, from her person. ETHEL MAY CARTER. On February 19, about 7 p.m., I was at the foot of Blackfriars Bridge, waiting for a tramcar. Prisoner came behind me and snatched my purse and a book, value altogether 35s. I called out, and a constable gave chase and caught prisoner. Police-constable ERNEST JOHNSON, 95 B, said that he heard the last witness shout, and looking round saw prisoner running. Witness gave chase; prisoner dodged about the traffic on the bridge, and but for the quickness of a taxi-cab driver both witness and prisoner might have been run over. The purse and book were found just where witness arrested prisoner. ROBERT GEORGE BUSHNELL (prisoner, not on oath), said that he did not steal the purse; a chap at a lodging-house had given it to him. Verdict, Guilty. Twenty-three previous convictions were proved. Prisoner had said to a police officer that he wished he might get penal servitude, when he would have a chance to learn a trade and make a man of himself. Sentence: Six months' hard labour, Judge Rentoul saying that he would cause inquiries to be made in order to see whether prisoner could /be put in the way of earning an honest living. TURKINGTON, William (39, sorter), committing an act of gross indecency with a male person. Verdict: Not guilty, the jury adding that the prisoner left the court without any stain on his character. COLES, Arthur (40, engineer), and WHITTOCK, William (40, painter), both conspiring and agreeing together to steal the moneys of the Brentford Gas Company; both unlawfully soliciting and inciting George Harry Stevens and Henry Goreham to steal the moneys of the said company, their masters; both unlawfully soliciting and inciting George Harry Stevens to steal the moneys of the said company. Mr. Brackenbury prosecuted; Mr. St. John Morrow defended Coles. GEORGE HARRY STEVENS, gasfitter, employed by the Brentford Gas Company. At the end of September I saw the two prisoners in the "Swan, " Hammersmith Broadway. I had on my company's uniform. Coles said to me, "I see you belong to the old B. G. C. " He asked me what district I was working, and I told him Shepherd's Bush. He said, "I should like to get a coat like yours." In further conversation he said that he had been "doing meters, " and he asked whether I could get him a key for strong-box meters. Whittock heard all this conversation. On October 12 I saw prisoners again, and we arranged to meet at 22, Ormiston Road, the next morning. On Saturday, January 13, I was working with Goreham at 41, Ormiston Road, About 1. 15 "Whittock called there and fetched me out; then he and Coles and I and Goreham went to the "Adelaide." Coles asked me what sort of a meter it was at No. 41. I said it was a hilling-in-the slot meter, that we had not finished yet, and had left our tools in the cellar. Coles said, "Then it will be easy for me; I can go for a gimlet or something." Prisoners went out. Later they returned, and Coles said that they had done 6, 8, 10, and 45, Ormiston Road. They left, and said that if we waited we should have our share leaning that they would go to No. 41). Cross-examined by Mr. Brackenbury. The two prisoners attempted to corrupt me from the first moment I saw them. I did not at once tell my employers because I had got no proof against them; I thought I would give them a little rope. Eight or ten months ago I heard that a meter had been broken open at 8, 10, and 12, Ormiston Road. I did not mention to my employers anything about the prisoners until a fortnight before they were arrested. It is not true that I sent Coles to No. 41 to fetch my tools. HENRY GOREHAM, assistant gas-fitter, Brentford Gas Company. In December I was working as mate with Stevens. Some time before Christmas he spoke to me about the two prisoners, and I subsequently communicated with the police. On January 13 I was working at 41, Ormiston Road, when Whittock called and asked to see Stevens. Whittock, Coles, Stevens and I went into the "Adelaide." There Stevens was handing me some forms of the Brentford Gas Company, giving directions for the day's work; Whittock asked me if I could get him some of those forms; I said I could not. Coles said that if I could get him a topcoat like I was wearing (with "B. G. C." on it) he would give me a sovereign. Coles asked Stevens about the meter at No. 41, and Stevens said it was a shilling-in-the-slot meter. Coles said, "Let's go and do it." Stevens and I left the public-house to take our barrow away, and I spoke to Sergeant Allerton. Returning to the "Adelaide" there was no one there. Presently the two prisoners came in; I asked Coles where they had been, and he said they had already done three meters during my absence, at 8, 12, and 45, Ormiston Road, but had only got 1s. 8d. He then suggested to do No. 41, and he left, saying that if we stopped till he came back he would share out. MORRIS JOHN HARRIS, 41, Ormiston Road, Hammersmith. In our cellar we have a shilling-in-the-slot meter. On January 13, about 3 p.m., Coles called and said, "I have called for some tools left here." I said, "Where are you from?" He said, "The Gas Company." He turned round and said to Whittock, who was standing in the street, "What is it two tees and an elbow?" I said, "You had better come down and get them." Whittock followed me downstairs to the cellar door; I opened it and he went in; as he was walking down the steps I shut the door and locked it. Coles, who had been standing at the street door, was arrested by Sergeant Allerton, and I went to fetch another officer. Sergeant ALLERTON, T Division. On January 5 certain information was given to me by Goreham. On the 13th I went to 41, Ormiston Road. From the ground floor front room I saw the two prisoners come to the house. After Whittock had followed Harris down to the cellar I went to the street door where Coles was waiting. I said to him, "You do not belong to the Gas Company; I shall arrest you for being a suspected person." He said, "Two men sent me for the tools; if you come up the street I will show you the men." Detective Ward came in and arrested Whittock. As I was taking Coles to the station we passed the "Adelaide"; I asked the potman if the Gas Company's men were there; he pointed to Stevens and Goreham going down the street; I whistled for them and they came up. On Coles being searched we found on him three latch keys and a two-shilling piece. Subsequently I returned to 41, Ormiston Road. In the cellar I saw picked up a small key which I found fitted the meter and other meters as well. The two prisoners were formally charged on the 22nd; Coles said, "I know nothing about it; I have never seen the Gas Company's men"; Whittock said, "Neither have I." To Mr. Brackenbury. Coles said that the Gas Company's men had told him they would wait for him in the "Adelaide." It is the fact that there were tools left at No. 41 in the cellar. Directly I spoke to Coles he said without hesitation that two Gas Company's men had sent him for the tools. The keys found on Coles were ordinary keys. Police-constable FRANK HOOD. On January 13 I went to 41, Ormiston Road. On unlocking the door leading to the cellar I saw Whittock. I told him I should arrest him as a suspected person. He replied, "I was sent for a tee-piece and two elbows by two gas men who are in the 'Adelaide.'" Upon Whittock when searched were found two orders to view empty houses, one in Ealing and one in Brentford, in the name of Mason. EDGAR DOZELL, inspector of meters, Brentford Gas Company. On January 15 I examined a meter at 45, Ormiston Road; the lock was undone and according to the record 1s. was missing. To Mr. Brackenbury. The house had been vacant since August, 1911. (Defence.) ARTHUR COLES and WILLIAM WHITTOCK (prisoners, on oath), declared that Stevens was the real villain; that he had constantly boasted about stealing ten shillings a day from meters; that, finding that he was suspected by his employers, he sought to shift the blame to somebody else; that he set a trap for the two prisoners by sending them to the house to fetch tools, when they were arrested by the detective who had been warned to be there. The whole story told by Stevens and supported by Goreham was absolutely false. (Thursday, February 29.) Verdict, Guilty. Sentence (each prisoner): Eighteen months' hard labour. BEFORE MR. JUSTICE BUCKNILL. (Thursday, February 29.) MOORE, Benjamin (17, porter), MOORE, Samuel (49, upholsterer), and MOORE, Alice (47); S. Moore and A. Moore, being the occupiers of certain premises, unlawfully suffering Gladys Herbert, a girl over the age of 13 and under the age of 16 years, to be in and upon the said premises for the purpose of being carnally known; A. Moore, procuring Gladys Herbert, a girl under the age of 21 years and not being a common prostitute, to have unlawfully carnal connection; a similar charge in respect of a girl named Violet Kate Jones; B. Moore, carnally knowing Gladys Herbert; B. Moore, S. Moore, and A. Moore, keeping and maintaining a disorderly house. (Monday, March 4.) Verdict, Samuel and Alice Moore, Guilty on all counts; Benjamin Moore, Guilty of carnally knowing Gladys Herbert. Alice Moore had been twice previously convicted of assisting in the management of a brothel, on the last occasion Samuel being also charged and fined. Sentences: Samuel Moore, Three months' imprisonment; Alice Moore, Nine months' imprisonment; sentence on Benjamin Moore was postponed till next Sessions. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Monday, March 4.) LEARY, Arthur (23, labourer) pleaded guilty of feloniously sending, knowing the contents thereof, a letter demanding with menaces from the National Cash Register Company, Limited,  5. The letter upon which the charge was founded contained the following passages: "A few months ago you prosecuted a man at the Old Bailey for smashing a window, and you asked for a heavy sentence as the insurance people refuse to insure your windows. This is to inform you that unless  5 is paid to us all your windows will be broke, and as fast as they are replaced they will be broke again, until  20 is paid to meet expenses; so that is likely to cause hundreds of pounds. It will be no good having the place watched, as we shall bide our time and the job will not be done on foot. There are plenty of firms who have paid the money, and we therefore respect their property Once the money is paid your shop will be safe from us. This is final." Prisoner confessed to a conviction of felony at Old Street Police Court on March 4, 1911, and five other convictions were proved. There was no evidence to show whether or not he was acting, as the letter suggested, as one of a gang. Sentence: Twelve months' hard labour. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Thursday, February 29.) CARTER, Harris (27, grocer), feloniously receiving 36 cases of sardines, the goods of Maurice Morrison, well knowing them to have been stolen. Mr. Cassels prosecuted; Mr. Curtis Bennett defended. MAURICE MORRISON, produce merchant, 29, Widegate Street, E.C. On January 24 I had 36 cases sardines in my possession. The premises were left safe at 5.30 p.m. Next morning the cases were missing. The padlock was also missing. I put the matter in the hands of the police. On February 2 I met Mr. Magnus. In consequence of what he told me I gave information to the police. I saw prisoner later and charged him. I had not seen him before then. HENRY EVANS, warehouseman to last witness. On January 24 I left the premises safe. Next morning a stack of sardines was missing. JOSEPH MAGNUS, trading as the Great Eastern Stock and Job Buyers, 137, White Horse Street, Stepney. On January 25 prisoner came to me and offered me 33 cases of sardines at 12s. 6d. a case. I said I must have a sample. He sent one by one of his men. He rang me up on the 'phone and asked what I thought of them. I said not much, if he liked to accept 11s. a case I could do with them. He said "Very well, I will send them down," which he did in the afternoon. When I returned from an auction in the afternoon prisoner's boy was waiting for the money. I saw prisoner the same day and asked why he wanted 12s. a case when we had arranged for 11s. I drew a cheque for  17 15s. and paid the balance in silver, 8s. A few days later I met Morrison, and a few days after that Detective-sergeant Smith brought prisoner to my place. Prisoner denied selling me the goods but made a statement in which he said he purchased 33 cases of sardines with my permission. I had dealings with him on one or two previous occasions. I did not instruct him to buy 33 cases. He had 36. He had sold three and offered me the remaining 33 but by no instructions of mine. Cross-examined. My name is Joseph Magnus, not Solomon Magnus. About 16 years ago I went under the name of Solomon Magnus. I arranged to buy these sardines at 11sa case. That would amount to  18 3s. That was on January 25. I made out the cheque that day. I have not had three years' penal servitude for being in possession of stolen property. When I swore at the police court "I have never been charged with any offence before" I meant as long as I had been in business for myself. I saw in the precincts of this court the actual officer who arrested me on the charge of which I was convicted. I was convicted of stealing 20 cases of sultanas, with my brother; he was my governor. I tried to take the charge on me for him, taking pity on his wife and children. He got four years' penal servitude. I did not buy Packing Girl sardines from prisoner on January 24. I bought Bock brand on the 25th. The cheque for  17 15s. is dated the 24th. That was a pure and simple mistake in the date. I made out the cheque for that amount as the tradesman is allowed a discount. I did not take a receipt. Prisoner said the cheque was as good as a receipt. I never had Packing Girl sardines in my premises. Re-examined. Since the conviction of 16 years ago I have not been convicted of any offence. I was not owing prisoner  17 15s. on the 24th. When the officers came to make enquiries they asked for the cheque for  17 10s. I got it from the bank. (To the Judge) I have the counterfoil of the cheque at home. I showed it to Mr. Morrison. SIMON GREENFIELD, 265, Brick Lane. I bought a case of sardines from prisoner for 14s. 3d. JOSEPH MAGNUS, recalled. I did not sell one case of Bock brand sardines to prisoner on January 25. Detective-sergeant HUBERT SMITH, City Police. I saw prisoner on February 5. I was with another officer. I said we were police officers and were "Making enquiries with regard to 36 cases of sardines stolen in the City, 33 of which you sold to Joseph Magnus of 137, White Horse Street, Stepney, on January 25." He said "I have never sold him any sardines." I then showed him the cheque. I got the cheque from Magnus. I said "Is that your endorsement." He said "Yet." Prisoner then said "This was for condensed milk and other articles. This is a case of blackmail," After that I went to Magnus's place with accused. He was shown one of these cases. He then said "I have purchased 33 cases of sardines with the permission of Mr. Magnus. The one shown me is one of them and I sold them to him at 10s. 9d. a case. I bought them at 12.30 p.m. on the same day from three men, cigarette customers; I do not know where they live or their names. I paid them 9s. a case cash. They were brought to me on a coster's barrow." When charged he made no reply. (Defence.) HARRIS CARTER (prisoner, on oath). I have carried on business as a grocer and provision merchant at 128, Brick Lane for the past nine years. I have known Magnus five years by sight. I first had dealings with him three or four weeks before this case arose. I knew him as Solly. I never heard anybody call him any other name. Every grocer in the East End knows of his conviction 16 years ago. January 24 I 'phoned him that I had 33 cases of blown sardines. I said "If yon can do with them I will buy them." He said, "Send me a sample and I will let you know if I will have them." I sent my boy with the simple about 12 o'clock. I told the boy he could let him have them at 11s. or 12s. Magnus came to my place and wrote out the cheque on Wednesday evening about 7.30 or 8. I eventually took 10s. 9d. a case. This did not take place on the 25th. He did not pay me 8s. for other articles. I gave him a receipt dated 24th. I sold him some stoned raisins on the 25th. He then took me to his place at Ben Jonson Road. He showed me some other sardines which he said he would let me have at 12s. 6d. a case. I said "If I can sell them I will take the lot." I sold that case to Mr. Greenfield at 12s. 3d. I told the officer "I purchased 33 cases with the permission of Mr. Magnus. The one shown me is one of them. I sold them at 10s. 9d. a case." I did not sell Magnus any sardines on the 25th; it was on the 24th. I have never received any property knowing it to have been stolen. Cross-examined. The officer said, "I am making inquiries about 36 cases Bock brand sardines." I meant by saying I had never sold any sardines, that I had never sold him any Bock brand. He asked about the cheque for  17 15s. I said, "Yes, those are for some milks." I had sold him some milks a week previous and the cheque came to nearly that figure. I suggested to the officer that we go to Magnus's place. I wanted to see what he had to say. The place at Ben Jonson Road was dark where they showed me the case. I have seen the three men who sold me the sardines at auction sales. I have not seen them since. It was not put to Mr. Magnus at the police court that he had sold me a case of Bock brand. I did not sell him anything else at the time I sold him the Packing Girl sardines. ERNEST HENRY JONES, manager, London and Provincial Bank, Commercial Street branch. I have known prisoner since November, 305. I have always known him as a perfectly straightforward and honourable man in every way. MARK MOSES, 17, Princelet Street, E., J. P., and Guardian of the parish of Whitechapel, gave similar evidence. Verdict, Guilty. Sentence: Twelve months' imprisonment, second division. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Tuesday, March 5.) BACHER, Percy (18, cabinet-maker), pleaded guilty of having received certain property, to wit, the sum of  3 10s. for and on account of Peter Bacher, unlawfully fraudulently converting  2 to his own use and benefit. In July last prisoner was charged with stealing, and had been remanded till August, when he committed this offence. It was stated that his father, the prosecutor, had given him every chance. Sentence: Three years' detention in a Borstal institution. WHITE, William (65, tailor), feloniously uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain order for the payment of money, to wit, a banker's cheque for  6, with intent to defraud; attempting to obtain by false pretences from Frederick Mitonette Rogers  6, with intent to defraud. Mr. Leycester and Mr. Waldo R. Biggs prosecuted; Mr. H. W. Wickham defended. (Refer to case of John McPherson, page 600.) LADY RACHEL THEODORE BYNG, 33, Lowndes Square. At the beginning of January my footman, John McPherson, left. I heard from my bank, the London County and Westminster Bank, Marylebone, and found that three blank cheques with the counterfoils, Nos. 217948 50, had been removed from the end of my cheque book, one of which is cheque No. 217949 (produced) for  6, signed and endorsed "R.T. Byng"; it is not my signature. FREDERICK MITONETTE ROGERS, cashier, London County and Westminster Bank, Marylebone. On January 23, at 2.50 p.m., prisoner presented cheque produced. I immediately saw it was not the signature of Lady R. T. Byng and passed it to a clerk to take to the manager's room. Prisoner, who remained at the counter, was shown into the waiting-room. As he passed the swing door he became agitated and requested to be allowed to go to the lavatory, which he did. The police were sent for. Cross-examined. Another clerk guarded the outer door prisoner might have got out if he had gone instantly on my passing the cheque. PERCY HODGSON DIGNUM, manager, London County and Westminster Bank, Marylebone. On January 23 prisoner was shown into my room and the forged cheque produced was handed to me. I asked him if the cheque was in his handwriting, if he had signed or endorsed it. He said, "No." I asked from whom he had obtained it. He said. "From a Mr. Gibbs." I asked what Gibbs was; he said he was a casual gambler. I asked what that meant; he said, "Well, he does the three-card trick gambles here and there and bets a little." I asked his name and address; he said, "William White" and that he lived at some number in Fanshawe Street, New North Road, Hoxton. I made a pencil memo, of the address on the back of the cheque. I am not certain how it arose, but I was informed by one of the cashiers that there was a taxicab waiting with somebody to know the fate of this cheque. Prisoner said he had the cheque from Gibbs in payment of a gambling debt of  2 and they had arranged to come to the bank in a taxicab from near the Bank of England, and he was to present the cheque and cash it, retain the  2 due to him, and hand over the balance. The messenger went out and found the taxicab had gone, but he came back with a slim, dark, very sallow complexioned man with a dark moustache, who spoke with a slight foreign accent, about 5 ft. 8 or 9. Prisoner said at once, "No, that is not the man." Prisoner had then been in the bank about a quarter of an hour. Detective GEORGE FARROW, D division. On. January 23, at 3.30 p.m., I saw prisoner detained at the London County and Westminster Bank, Stratford Place. The manager said, "That man is in possession of a stolen cheque which he has presented for payment." I told prisoner I was a police officer and that he had presented for payment a forged cheque that had been stolen from a cheque book belonging to Lady Rachel Byng. He said, "I know what you are talking about." I said I should take him in custody to Marylebone Lane Station and detain him for inquiries. He said, "The cheque was given to me by an acquaintance; his name is Gibbs. I put the cheque on the counter and was then told to come in the office, where I remained until you came. About two o'clock, after having a drink, I asked Mr. Bernstein, of the second public-house in Houndsditch from Bishopsgate Street end, if it was a genuine cheque. He said, Yes, it is an open cheque if you go to the bank and present it they will exchange it for you. Gibos was with me a; that time. Gibbs said he got the cheque by the three-card trick off a fellow dressed like a midshipman. Mr. Bernstein can be produced to say that this part of my story is true. I have been made a dupe of." When charged at Marylebone Lane Station he said, "How can you with your experience as a police officer charge me with forgery. The lady has just stated that it is nothing like her handwriting." He gave a vague description of Gibbs, as a man 5 ft. 7 or 8, about 30 years of age, dark, dressed in dark clothes, with a bowler hat. I saw the landlord at the second public-house in Houndsditch, whose name is Goldstein, not Bernstein. Cross-examined. I learned from Goldstein that a man of prisoner's description had been at this public-house. (The Recorder said Mr. Wickham was not strictly entitled to get Goldstein's evidence in without calling Goldstein.) Prisoner afterwards told me the man who came into the Bank and who had been waiting there for 15 minutes was Gibbs: he said he was frightened and he denied it. Prisoner asked me to try and find Gibbs. He said the man Gibbs got the cheque from was dressed like a midshipman. He wrote a letter to the Assistant Commissioner of Police giving his description. Macpherson was arrested on the Friday following, but not as the result of that letter. Re-examined. There is no difficulty in getting Goldstein here. Prisoners letter is at Scotland Yard. I can telephone for it. (Defence.) WILLIAM WHITE (prisoner, on oath). I live at Fanshawe Street, Hoxton. On January 23 at 1.50 p.m. I was in the bagatelle room at a public-house in Church Row, Houndsditch, when Gibbs came in. He said, "Bill, I owe you two quid. If you can get this cheque changed for me for  6 I will pay you that  2 what I owe you." I knew nothing about the cheque, I thought I would be on the sure side before I entertained it, and I said, "Well, if you come down to a publican that I know Bernstein's (his real name is Goldstein) I have been in and out of the house as a customer." He said, "All right. I will come with you." We went there and had a glass of bitter each. I said to Goldstein, "This man owes me  2 and he tells me he has just won this cheque at cards; will you tell me whether it is a good cheque or not." Goldstein looked at it and said, "Yes, good, yes, it is an open cheque. If you take it to the Bank they will change it for you." We went to the Bank in a taxicab. Gibbs said he would wait outside the Bank while I went in to change the cheque. I put it on the counter. I saw the manager and the cashier and after some time Gibbs was brought in. I was that excited at being charged with forgery that I did not know what I was doing and I said, "That, is not the man." It was Gibbs, and he had been waiting outside for a quarter of an hour. I asked the police and wrote to the Commissioner of Police letter (produced) giving a description of Gibbs. I had had a visit from a friend who had informed me that Gibbs had got the cheque from a man dressed like a midshipman about 23 or 24 years of age, of sallow complexion, who had been at the docks trying to get a ship to get away from Liverpool, and I asked the Assistant Commissioner to try to get the man arrested to prove my innocence. At the police court I was promised that my letter should be produced. Cross-examined. I have known Gibbs two years, meeting him casually in public-houses. I did not suspect there was anything wrong with the cheque. I knew Gibbs was a gambler and that he might have got the cheque improperly by the three-card trick. I did not know where Gibbs lived. JOHN MCPHEESON (brought up in custody). I was formerly in the employ of Lady Rachel Byng as a footman. I took two cheques from her cheque book and forged the cheque produced for  6. I gave evidence at the police court in this case. I had never seen prisoner before. I was in the train going to the Albert Docks and gambled with a party of young men, to one of whom I gave the cheque. I was arrested on January 26. Cross-examined. I parted with the cheque about a week before my arrest, on the Tuesday. I dated it the day before; it is dated January 22. (Witness wrote the words "Self Six pounds R. T. Byng 22-1-12  36" on a paper which was handed to the jury.) I was arrested on Friday and was informed that a man had been arrested for uttering the cheque. I told the inspector what I have stated to-day. Verdict, Not guilty. MCPHERSON, John (21, footman), pleaded guilty of forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain order for the payment of money, to wit, a bankers' cheque of  4, with intent to defraud. Prisoner had stolen the cheque from his employer and signed it, without endeavouring to disguise his handwriting. With the money obtained from a local tradesman to whom he had passed the cheque he was making his way out of the country, when he passed another cheque for  6, obtained and forged in a similar manner, to a stranger named White (see p. 620) for a gambling debt incurred in the train. Prisoner's downfall was stated to be due to drinking and gambling. Sentence: Six months' hard labour. SEAGRAVE, George Alfred, otherwise George Wilson (34, metal worker), obtaining by false pretences from Thomas Quick two tons weight of zinc, the goods of Charles Napier Mills and others, and from William Henry Slack a quantity of old metal, the goods of John Edwin Pinder, in each case with intent to defraud. Mr. Duncan Wallace prosecuted. HERBERT GIBBS, clerk to Miles, Druce and Co., 29, Upper Thames Street. On May 11, 1911, I received a telephonic message and prepared two tons of zinc for delivery. Cheque produced was sent up to me signed J. Burton," with whom we had had a previous transaction. The cheque was returned by our bank marked "No account." With the cheque I received billhead produced. THOMAS QUICK, clerk to Miles, Druce, and Co. On May 11 at 4.30 p.m. prisoner presented to me order and cheque produced and asked whether Leftwich's van had come. I said, "No." He said, "I will go and wake them up"; in the meantime I said I would get the zinc ready. I sent the cheque up to Gibbs and received authority to deliver two tons zinc. At 4.45 Leftwich's van arrived, and the zinc was loaded. The carman came in and asked if there was any change out of the cheque. I said if he wanted any change he would have to go to the office, otherwise it would be sent on. Prisoner came in and said he had not told the carman to ask for change; that would be all right; and left with the van. I next saw prisoner at Bridewell Police Station about a month ago. JAMES BURTON, 2, Bramber Road, West Kensington, sheet-metal maker. Prisoner was in my employ for a month to about the middle of April, 1911. I ordered some zinc for a job at Victoria from Miles, Druce and Co. Prisoner went with my landlord to buy it. Cheque produced is not signed by me; I never had an account with that bank. The billhead produced is mine, but the order written upon it is not my writing; I know nothing of it. Cross-examined. Prisoner has worked with me on and off for about eleven years; he has written a large number of cheques for me. I do not recognise the cheque or billhead as his handwriting. Eleven years ago I had an account with the London and South-Western Bank, Holloway; he has drawn money out for me there. I do not know of his having stolen any cheque from me. JOHN ARTHUR FANSHAW LEWIS, assistant cashier, National Bank, Limited, Harrow Road. We have never had an account in the name of J. Burton. Cheque produced is out of a book issued on May 12, 1907, to Frank Corney, builder, 7, Orchard Street, Harrow Road. GEOKGE SARGEANT, carman to Leftwich and Co., carmen and contractors, 58, Upper Thames Street. On May 11, 1911, at 4.15 p.m., prisoner asked for a van to shift some goods from Miles, Druce and Co.; I sent a van driven by Osborne; prisoner was to pay 10s., which we have not received. The next day the van returned with a quantity of zinc, which we returned to Miles, Druce and Co. I knew prisoner as Burton and had a previous transaction with him on April 8. ALBERT CHARLES OSBORNE, carman to Leftwich and Co. On May 11 I was directed to go with my van with prisoner, who was referred to as Mr. Burton. He told me to drive to Miles, Druce and Cc, get two tons of zinc, and ask for the change. At Miles, Druce and Co. they told me they would send the change on, which I told prisoner. He then directed me to drive to Blackfriars Bridge, which I did; prisoner joined me, we had one or two drinks, and drove to New Road, Battersea. He pulled up at a public-house, paid for a drink, and left me, saying he would be back in a minute. As he seemed a long time I went outside and saw him talking to a man whom he called Walter and who said, "It is no good to me, George, it is new loaded stuff; I cannot do anything with it." Prisoner told me to drive to Oakley Street, Lambeth; we pulled up outside a ragshop with the name of Simms, where he went in, came out, and said, "He won't have it: where is your stable?" I told him Whitechapel; he said, "Drive that way." On the way he told me he had got the load very cleverly, he had "got it on the nozzle." He offered me "a  5 note and five of the best golden sovereigns" if I would take it somewhere in Fleet Street. I refused and told him I would give him in charge. At that moment my horse got restive and when I looked round for prisoner he was gone. I next saw him at the Mansion House. I took the zinc to Leftwich's yard and the next morning delivered it to Miles, Druce and Co. Prisoner gave me billhead produced, which aroused my suspicion, because it is in the name of "Geo. Seagrave," whereas his name was given to me as "Burton"; the billhead directed where I was to go for the  5 note and five sovereigns if I would take the zinc to Fleet Street. Detective-inspector ALBERT HINE, City. On January 25, 1912, at 3.30 p.m., I saw prisoner in New Bridge Street. I said, "George Alfred Seagrave?" He said, "You have made a mistake, that is not my name; my name is Williams." I said, "I have reason to believe your name is Seagrave and that you are wanted on a warrant for obtaining a quantity of zinc from Miles, Druce and Co., Upper Thames Street, and also a quantity of old metal from a Mr. Pinder." He said, You have made a mistake; my name is Williams." I took him to Bridewell Police Station and again stated the charge. He said, "I never had any zinc from Miles, Druce and Co. in my life by worthless cheque." He was then put up with eight other men and picked out by Sargeant and Quick. When formally charged he said, "These charges are not all right." JOHN EDWIN PINDER, 143, Hampstead Road, builder. On September 5 prisoner called on me, presented a card of George Longhurst and Co., and said he represented that firm; could he quote me for zinc. I said I had just placed the order, but he might get part of two tallboys which I had not ordered. He went down to the job and saw my foreman he saw there a lot of old metal, 'phoned up to me and said he would give me a price for it; he offered a price per hundredweight. I said that would involve weighing the stuff up and he had tatter quote a lump sum. He then offered  15, which I agreed to take. Two days afterwards I received from my foreman cheque produced for  15, signed Longhurst and Co.; as it was rather dilapidated, I called with it at the bank; they said it was useless there was no account. I have not been paid for the old metal. HAERY SLACK, foreman to J. E. Pinder. On September 5, 1911, prisoner was introduced to me by Pinder on the job at 7, Camomile Street. Prisoner took particulars of some zinc tallboys that were to be erected, and started talking about his knowing Mr. Pinder for some years; he noticed the old lead lying about which we had removed from the roof. On September 7 he came again and said he had made a bargain with Mr. Pinder for the old zinc and lead that lay about the job; would I telephone in Pinder? We went across to the public telephone; prisoner spoke first to Pinder and I then spoke and learned that he was to have the old metal for  15 Prisoner removed it during the day, giving me cheque, signed Longhurst and Co., for  15, and receipt (produced) signed "George Wilson for Longhurst and Co." Cross-examined. There might have been 15 cwt. of old metal and zinc left on the job. Prisoner gave me the cheque before he had the goods. GEORGE LONGHURST, trading as J. Longhurst and Co., Homerton, metal-plate worker. In August last prisoner was introduced to me by my partner. He asked for some of my cards, which I gave him. Cheque (produced) on L. and S. W. Bank for  15 was not signed or authorised by me; I had no account at that bank at the time. I never authorised prisoner to buy metal for me from Pinder, nor to deal in my name for metal. Cross-examined. Prisoner brought me some inquiries for metalwork, and handed me a specification of J. D. Walker for work to be at a post-office in Great Dover Street for W. J. Matherson, of Canning Town. I wrote to Matherson, and was informed that the order had been placed. He brought me an order for tallboys from Pinder; he may have spoken about some old metal. I have quite recently opened an account at the London and South-Western Bank. (Wednesday, March 6.) CHARLES BENJAMIN PINKERTON, electrician, 35, Queen's Road, Caister. I have known prisoner for about 15 years. I met him at the end of August last year, and we went to a place in Camomile Street. He asked me to order a cart for him, as he had bought some metal. I did so. The cart was loaded with metal, and we went with it to Barnard's. I did have an account at the Fenchurch Street branch of the London and South-Western Bank, which I closed about six years ago. This cheque is a cheque on that branch. Assuming it to be one out of my cheque-book which I had at that period, I have no idea how it would come into prisoner's possession. REGINALD BRAITHWAITE, clerk, London and South-Western Bank, Fenchurch Street. This cheque was issued to Charles B. Pinkerton, whose account was opened on May 19, 1904, and closed on March 31, 1905. The cheque is signed Longhurst and Co. We have no such account. (To the Court.) Mr. Pinkerton's cheque book did not come back. SIDNEY WYATT, clerk to Barnard's and Sons, metal dealers, of 144, Lambeth Walk. On September 7 prisoner came with two other men with a load of metal. I said, "Are you Longhurst?" He said, "Yes, I am Mr. Longhurst." I weighed the metal and he was paid by cheque,  10 8s. 3d. (Defence) GEORGE ALFRED SEAGRAVE (prisoner, on oath). I did not see the goods referred to on May 11. I did not load, them into the van; I did not ride in or walk by the side of the van. I did not offer the said goods to any rag merchant for any such sum as  38. Had I been the happy possessor of two tons of good merchandisable zinc on May 11 I should have had no difficulty in disposing of the same for the full market price. Regarding the second transaction of old metal, I positively had no idea of obtaining it by false pretences, because the cheque was given to the foreman in the public-house half an hour after the goods were loadec up and when the van itself was outside the public-house. (To the Court.) I do say that as the van was loaded up before I handed over the cheque that therefore I did not obtain the old metal by the cheque. The reason I gave a wrong name to the police officer was because! thought he was a private officer connected with a bank ruptcy notice, with which I had been threatened. (To the Jury.) I never bought two tons of zinc for John Burton. I did not see the zinc. I did not offer it for sale. What the carman says about going round with me to several places with it is untrue. I heard Mr. Quick say I handed him a cheque and order, but that is untrue. I know nothing whatever about the transaction. Cross-examined. I got possession of the cheque signed "H. Longhurst and Co." by getting an overcoat of Charles Pinkerton's out of pledge in one of the pockets of which was the cheque. It was not then filled up for  15 or signed "H. Longhurst and Co." I filled it up. I say I was allowed to act for Mr. Longhurst in that transaction. Verdict, Guilty. Two previous convictions for false pretences were proved. Sentence: Twenty months' hard labour. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Tuesday, March 5.) ILLESLEY, Amy Grace (30), pleaded guilty of feloniously marrying Herman Sommerfeld, her former husband being then alive. Prisoner married in Swindon in 1907, and lived with her husband two years. She then came to London and obtained a situation as a servant. In December, 1911, she contracted the bigamous marriage. It was urged on her behalf that the first husband, in consequence of the business which they had started not being successful, had made certain suggestions to her, whereupon she left him. Sentence: Three days' imprisonment. GOLDING, Frederick Arthur (22, cook), stealing a post letter and I certain valuable security, to wit, a banker's cheque for  2 7s., the goods of Ada Miller; forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain order for the payment of money, to wit, a banker's cheque for  62 7s. with intent to defraud the National Provincial Bank of England, Limited; feloniously obliterating the crossing on the said cheque with intent to defraud; stealing a post letter and a certain valuable security, to wit, a banker's cheque for  1 2s., the goods of J W. Avant and Company, Limited; forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain order for the payment of money, to wit, a banker's cheque for  60 2s., with intent to defraud the Capital and Counties Bank, Limited; feloniously obliterating the crossing on the said cheque with intent to defraud. Mr. Leycester and Mr. Waldo R. Briggs prosecuted; Mr. J. St. John McDonald defended. The indictment for forging and uttering cheque for  62 7s. on the National Provincial Bank of England was proceeded with. ADA MILLER, carrying on business as Ada Blanche, 159, Sloane Street, milliner. On January 3, 1912, I owed J. R. Rylands  2 7s. and at 5.10 p.m. posted cheque produced to them for  2 7s. on the National Provincial Bank: of England; it has been now altered to  62 7s. and the crossing has been Obliterated. JOHN HENRY PERKINS, manager to H. R. Rylands, 12, Brompton Road, stationer. In January  2 7s. was due to us from Mrs. Miller. Cheque produced has not been received by me; the endorsement is not that of my firm. ALFRED JOHN TAYLOR, clerk, National Provincial-Bank of England, Sloane Street. Mrs. Miller has an account at my bank in the name of Ada Blanche. On January 4 between 3 and 4 p.m. cheque produced for  62 7s. was presented by the prisoner. I asked how he would have it; he said, " 30 in  5 notes and the rest in gold," which I handed him. I afterwards noticed the crossing had been obliterated. On January 16 I picked prisoner out from a number of others. Cross-examined. By daylight the erasure of the crossing is very clear. Detective-inspector ALBERT DRAPER, B Division. On January 16 I saw prisoner in custody at Walton Street, Chelsea, Police Station, when Taylor identified him. I told prisoner he would be charged with stealing a letter and with uttering a forged cheque and thereby obtaining the money from the National Provincial Bank of England. He said, "I can prove that I did not have the letter." I then took him to Westminster Police Station. On the way he said, "I did not steal the letter; I should like the Magistrate to know about that. It is the only job that I have done. I only had  7 10s. out of it." Cross-examined. At the police court I said that prisoner had said, "I can prove that I did not get the letter; that is the only one I have ever done and I only had  7 out of it. I did not steal the letter and I should like the Magistrate to know that." I showed prisoner the cheque but I did not ask him if he forged it or uttered it or stole it. (Defence.) FREDERICK ARTHUR GOLDING (prisoner, on oath). I am 18 1/2 years old and am a pastrycook. On January 4 I cashed this cheque. I told the police and the Magistrate I got  7 out of it. On Christmas Day, 1911, J was seeing a football match at Fulham and made a bet of 1s. on Chelsea with a bookmaker. Chelsea won and he paid me. He being a respectable looking man I asked if he could give me some work; he said he would try and help me and took my name and address 171, Fulham Road where I live with my sister. He said his name was Mr. Barney Robinson and I should hear from him. Three or four days after I received a postcard asking me to meet him at 2 p.m. at the Piccadilly Tube Station, which I did. He took me into Lyons's Popular Cafe in Piccadilly, paid for some tea, and asked what business I had done. I said I was a pastrycook by trade. He said he would be willing to open a business if I did the cooking for half the profit. I agreed. He said he wanted me to cash a cheque for him at Sloane Street. I asked why did not he cash it himself; he said he had other business, gave me 2s. for my fare to Sloane Street, and told me to get six  5 notes and the rest in gold and to meet him at 5 p.m. at Lyons's. I went straight to the bank, presented the cheque, got the money, and handed it to him at Lyons, where he again paid for tea and gave me  7, telling me I was to look after a business and I should hear from him again. I went to Hollingbrook's at Walham Green, where the clerk told me I should want  25 for a business. About January 11 I received a postcard to meet Robinson at Lyons's on Saturday. January 13 at 11.30, which I did. He asked if I had been about the business. I said I should want  25 to start it. He said he would be witting to find that amount and asked me to cash a cheque for  60 2s. in six  5 notes and the rest in gold. I cashed it at a bank in Oxford Street, met him again at Lyons's, handed him the money, and he grave me  5. He told me to meet him again next Saturday at Piccadilly Tube Station and he would see how I was progressing with the business. I had no idea the cheques were bad. I simply went straight to the banks and drew the money. I was trying to get a bakehouse. Robinson said he would give me the money to start it. Cross-examined. I do not know where Robinson lives; he said he travelled all over England all over the world. I did no work for him except cashing the cheques. It never occurred to me that there was anything wrong with the cheques, not knowing anything about cheques. I was not surprised when he gave me  7 looking at the big amount I drew. I told Draper I got  7 for cashing it. I did not say it was the only one I ever cashed. Re-examined. I got the  7 to start the business a pastrycook's shop. To Mr. Leycester. I never told this story to the police or the Magistrate. I was never asked how I came to be in possession of the cheques. Verdict, Not guilty. (Wednesday, March 6.) The indictment for forging and uttering a cheque of the value of  60 2s. was now proceeded with. Mr. E. L. Hadfield prosecuted; Mr. St. John McDonald defended. Mr. McDonald raised the plea of autrefois acquit, submitting that prisoner had virtually been tried upon the same charge yesterday and acquitted by the jury. Judge Lumley Smith refused to accept the plea. VICTOR CULLEN, surveyor, 6, Mortimer Street, W. This is my signature on the cheque (produced). When I drew the cheque I made it payable for the amount of  1 2s.; the amount is now altered to  60 2s. I crossed the cheque and made it payable to Messrs. Avant and Co., Limited. It was sent by post on January 12. I have not at any time authorised anybody to obliterate the crossing or alter the amount. HUBERT ARMSTRONG, clerk to last witness. I posted the letters of the firm on January 12; amongst them was one addressed to Messrs. Avant and Co. Cross-examined. I could not really remember what letters I posted that day. Re-examined. I know Messrs. Avant's letter was entered, stamped, and put aside to post. EDWARD ERNEST GARON, salesman, in the employ of Messrs. Avant and Co. When I left Avant's premises on January 12 the letter box was securely locked. On January 13 I found it had been broken open and emptied of its contents. The endorsement on the cheque is nothing like that of my firm. EVEHARD FRANCIS WEBSTER, clerk, Capital and Counties Bank, Oxford Street. On January 13 this cheque was presented by prisoner. The clique is made payable for  60 2s. It was an apparently open cheque when presented and was apparently endorsed by Avant and Co. I cashed it and prisoner took  30 in notes and the remainder in gold. Cross-examined. My bank are prosecuting. They will have to lose the money, except  1 2s. When I put the cheque down on the table I cannot see the crossing. If I held it up I can see the obliterated crossing. While the cheque was being examined the prisoner stood there the whole time. He showed no signs of flurry. He looked like an honest man. He stood waiting to have the money paid to him. Re-examined. I did not spend the whole time watching him. I was engaged in counting out the money and writing down the notes. When the cheque was handed to me the obliteration was not apparent; if it had been I should not have cashed the cheque. The time was between 11.30 and 12 I should say. My reason for fixing the time is that I went off to do other work from, I think, 12.30 till one. Detective THOMAS NICHOLLS. I searched prisoner when he was arrested and found upon him  6 8s. 10d. I think that was January 15, Monday; the cheque was presented on Saturday, 13th. I also found upon him a cap and muffler. He was wearing a bowler hat at the time. Sergeant CHARLES VANNER, C division. On January 24 prisoner was charged at Rochester Row Police Station with forging and uttering this cheque. He said, "I admit this case, but I had only  5. I remember that gentleman" (pointing to Mr. Webster, the cashier). "I thought he would pick me out. This job and the other I was charged with last week are the only two I have done." I made a note of this reply; two minutes afterwards. On January 31 prisoner was charged with stealing the letter containing the cheque. In reply he said, I put it over the counter, but did not steal it." When the charge was read over he said, "Yes." FREDERICK ARTHUR FOLDING (prisoner, on oath) repeated the story he told yesterday as to having received this and the other cheque from Barney Robinson. The jury disagreed. (Friday, March 8.) Prisoner was again tried upon the indictment as to the cheque for  60 2s. The evidence given on March 6 was repeated. In addition the prosecution called in rebuttal the following witness. HENRY LESLIE CHEESEMAN, clerk to Mr. John Hollingsworth, auctioneer and surveyor, Effie Road, Walham Green. I do not ever recollect seeing prisoner at our place of business. We have no such name as his on our books between January 3 and 13. If he came in and asked, "Can I buy a business for  7," that would not necessarily go into the books. It would only do so if he had particulars, or if particulars were sent on. I know no house agent named Hollingbrook anywhere near us. Cross-examined by Mr. McDonald. We have a junior clerk about 17. He is not here. I am 26 years old. We have quite a small office on the ground floor. I am not always in the office. There used to be a Mr. Thomas Inch, who had offices at Walham Green, facing the station. He has been gone some months. Verdict, Guilty of uttering; the jury added a strong recommendation to mercy. Detective-inspector ALBERT DRAPER, B. Division. Prisoner first became known to the police in 1908, when he was bound over at West London Police Court for stealing tobacco. In August, 1910, he was bound over for stealing fruit. In December, 1910, he had six weeks, second division, for stealing an overcoat in the name of Frederick Messenger. In July, 1911, he was sentenced to three months' hard labour at Westminster Police Court for putting some sticky substance inside a letter-box with another man: he was dealt with as a suspected person. The other man was sentenced at Bedford for uttering cheques that has been stolen and forged. There are a gang of 12 or 14 who have been working the Fulham District, stealing from letterboxes and forging. The prisoner does the putting over the counter business. I have not known him do any honest work during the past two years. Sentence: Two years' detention in a Borstal institution. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Tuesday, March 5.) NEVILLE, Beatrice, pleaded guilty of feloniouslv marrying John Hammond, her former husband being then alive. Prisoner had married her husband, a soldier, in 1905, and contracted the bigamous marriage in 1908. It was stated that her first husband had deserted her, and had been in consequence imprisoned for not maintaining her. Shortly afterwards he absconded. Prisoner had an excellent character. Sentence: Three days' imprisonment. WILLIAMS, Frederick (22, labourer), stealing one kit bag and other articles, the goods of Audley Mervyn Duke, and feloniously receiving the same. Mr. Eustace Fulton prosecuted. AUDLEY MERVYN DUKE, 69, Lansdowne Road, Old Charlton, Kent. On December 19 I was a passenger from Newcastle to King's Cross. I had the bag produced with me. I last saw it at Newcastle on a barrow in charge of a porter. Among the contents of the bag were these books and rule. On arriving at King's Cross the bag was missing. I gave notice at the lost property office. On the following day I saw the bag at Somers Town Police Station. The books and rule were not in it. Other contents were missing. CHARLOTTE BATEMAN, 11, Charles Street, Somers Town. On December 13 I found this bag on my doorstep. I took it to Somers Town Police Station. ALICE FAIRBANKS, 192, Seymour Street, Somers Town. Prisoner is my brother. Six weeks ago the police took this box from my room. It belongs to my brother. Detective-sergeant FREDERICK BUTTERS, Y division. On January 16 I took the box from last witness's room to Somers Town Police Station. I unlocked it. I found in it these books and rule, also other stolen property. I saw prisoner at Clerkenwell Police Court on February 14. He was charged with stealing property of the Great Northern Railway Company and made no reply then. Afterwards he said, "I broke the bag open in Euston Road and gave it away." Cross-examined by prisoner. You made the statement at Clerkenwell. PRISONER. I cannot say anything else, because t have not been able to get here the warder who was in charge of me. If I had him here you would find that the statement was different. I cannot say anything more. I might explain, but it would not be right perhaps. Verdict, Guilty of receiving. Prisoner was further indicted with stealing one electric lamp, three lamp bowls, and other articles, the goods of the London and Northwestern Railway Company, and feloniously receiving the same. Mr. P. Grain prosecuted. ALICE FAIRBANKS gave similar evidence. Detective-sergeant FREDERICK BUTTERS. Prisoner said nothing about this London and North-Western Railway charge when I saw him at Clerkenwell on February 14. GEORGE FREDERICK BROWN. I am chauffeur to Mr. Randall Williams, of Birkenhead. I was driving him from London on December 23. The car broke down and it was given in charge of the railway company to put on rail. I identify these articles as those I put in the cupboard of the car before it was handed to the company. WILLIAM SCARH, assistant foreman, Euston Station. I recollect the car coming up on December 23. It remained till the 25th, when it was taken away. Mr. POCOCK, Brook Street, W., motor engineer. Mr. Williams's car was brought to me on December 25 for repair. These articles were missing. Prisoner. All I can say is I bought these things off the fellow I bought the other things off of. I asked where he got them from; he said he picked them up. Verdict, Guilty of receiving. Previous convictions were proved. Sentence: Four months' hard labour on each indictment, to run consecutively. HOLMES, Annie (34, charwoman), unlawfully uttering counterfeit coin. Mr. Beaumont Morice prosecuted; Mr. A. L. Ganz defended. Prisoner was tried last Sessions, when the jury disagreed. (See p. 543.) The evidence given at the former trial was now repeated, and the following additional witness (whose evidence had been on the previous occasion successfully objected to) was called. AMY PALMER, wife of James Palmer, 61, Manor Road, Clapham. On December 29 prisoner and her husband took a furnished room at 5s. 6d. a week; they came in on the Friday night and on the Saturday he paid a week in advance. They stayed the following week, and on January 5 another week's rent was due. (Mr. Ganz here objected to evidence being given of certain statements prisoner had made to witness on this day on the ground that the only question being one of identity evidence could not be given tending to show a guilty knowledge.) When the second week's rent became due I asked her for money to put in the gasmeter. She said, "I cannot give it you as my missus has given me a bad sovereign," and she had given her husband half-a-crown to go on with, and she had no coppers. I put the 2d. in, so she owed me that On the 12th she said she had been to her mistress, who had changed the sovereign for a good one, but she had left it with a friend of her's to mind to buy a costume with because she knew her husband would spend it. She said, "I don't owe you anything, do I?" I said I always had my rent in advance, and she said her husband would pay me. Cross-examined. They paid the second week's rent on January 6, but not the third. I have never asked her for money to buy beer with. I drink rum. Verdict, Not guilty. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Thursday, February 29.) SULLIVAN, Frederick (37, labourer), and RICHARDS, Samuel (34, labourer), stealing 120 fathoms length of Manilla rope, the goods of William Cory and Sons, Limited. Mr. Curtis Bennett and Mr. Hutchinson prosecuted; Mr. TullyChristie defended Sullivan. Police-constable HERBERT WEST, 201, Thames Police. On February 9, at 2.30 a.m., I was on duty with two other officers proceeding down the river towards Freke's Wharf, Greenwich. Alongside a raft was a boat with two men in it, one in the stern and one in the bow. We pulled our boat in towards the shore. I saw Richards get on the raft and disappear. I saw Sullivan on the short, 3 ft. or 4 ft. from the how of the boat. I took a lamp and made a search of the raft. I found Richards in a larger skiff at the other side of the raft apparently asleep. I called Sergeant Porter's attention to him. I did not hear the conversation they had. I saw no one else in the neighbourhood. There was a quantity of rope in the boat. Sergeant Fryer took charge of that. Cross-examined by Mr. Curtis Bennett. I first noticed the boat these men were in when we were 20 ft. away. It took us a matter of three or four seconds to pull to the shore. RICHARDS: I don't ask anything; I know nothing about the case. Sergeant FRYER, 49, Thames Police. When passing Freke's Wharf, Greenwich, I heard a noise like a boat grating on the shore. I saw the two prisoners in the boat, Sullivan was in the head of the boat about to jump; Richards was in the stern, making the stern of the boat fast to a post alongside the raft. He made the boat fast with two half hitches. He then jumped on the raft and went round to the shore end and disappeared. I saw no one else. I searched the vicinity. No one could escape West found Richards. I went to where West was. Richards appeared to be asleep, but when I saw him he was smoking a pipe; the pipe was alight. He said to Sergeant Porter, "I know whose boat it is," or "whose rope it is." Cross-examined. I asked Sullivan whose boat it was. He said he did not know. He said they knew nothing about the rope. We were about 20 ft. to 30 ft. from the raft when Sullivan jumped. It was a clear night. There was no moon. It took us two or three minutes to get to the shore. Sullivan was then on the foreshore in a stooping position. He had his trousers down. The raft was aground; the tide had flown. I have known prisoners five or six years. I am positive they are the men. Sergeant PORTER, 52, Thames Police, corroborated. EDWARD LEOPOLD CANNON, 84, Moncrieff Road, Peckham, clerk, and WILLIAM GRAY, foreman, identified the rope as the property of William Cory and Son, Limited. Sergeant GUY MERCER, Thames Police. Exhibit 2 was handed to me by last witness. It is a piece of the end of a rope which was left on The dummy barge. Prisoners were brought to Wapping Station at 7 a.m. on the 9th. I told them they would be detained pending inquiries respecting the boat they were using. Sullivan said, "The beat belongs to a man named Childs; he is away now on the cable ship, John Pinder. I have been using it while he has been away with his permission, but I was not using it this morning. Richards could hear what Sullivan said. He made no reply. When charged they made no, reply. (Defence.) FREDERICK SULLIVAN (prisoner, on oath). I was indoors on February 8, at 10 p.m. My wife was dying. I came out at half-past so as to let the woman who was with her shake her bed up a bit. I went back at 11.30, saw my wife again. I went to the bottom of the street. I thought I would have a sit down on the raft a little while, which if you stop there the police shoves you. I dozed off to sleep When I woke up the clock struck two. I wanted to ease myself. I saw the police passing by 30 or 40 ft. off. I got up and, jumping off the raft on to the shore, they heard me, and as they looked round they see me standing up. They stopped, and said, "What are you doing there?" I said, "You can see what I am doing; I am easing myself." They said, "Whose boat is it?" I said, "I do not know; I did not look to see." After I got in their boat he said, "Whose rope is it." I said, "I do not know; I did not know the rope was there." Cross-examined. I could tell they were police officers; you can always tell the way they row. I did not go there for the purpose of sleeping on the raft. I stopped there a little while to let my wife get a sleep. I did not see Richards till the police fetched him out. He was nowhere near me. I did not hear a boat come in, which the police say came within 3 ft. of where I was found. No boat was within that radius, or within 10 or 12 ft. When they asked whose boat it was I had to look to see. Then I said, "I know whose boat it is; it belongs to a man named Childs." I said this at the station as well, and that he had gone away on the John Pinder, and that I was using it with his permission. I did not know the boat was there; it was a pure coincidence. Verdict, Guilty of unlawful possession. Sullivan confessed to a previous conviction. Five other convictions were proved against him and one against Richards. Sentences: Sullivan, Eight months' hard labour; Richards, Six weeks' hard labour. MORRIS, John (47, fitter), and WILSON, George (38, cook), pleaded guilty of forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, an order for the delivery of a cheque-book and demanding and obtaining a banker's cheque upon and by virtue of a certain forged instrument, in each case with intent to defraud; forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain order for the payment of money, to wit, a banker's cheque for  40 and demanding and obtaining the said sum upon and by virtue of a certain forged instrument, in each case with intent to defraud; forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a banker's cheque for  57 10s. and demanding and obtaining the said sum upon and by virtue of a certain forged instrument, in each case with intent to defraud; Morris assaulting John McEvoy, a police officer in the execution of his duty. Numerous previous convictions were proved. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. GRAINGE, Thomas Walter (27, police-constable), stealing one bicycle, lamp and cape, the goods of Ernest Saunders. Mr. Drummond prosecuted. ERNEST SAUNDERS, Henry Cottage, Yalding Road, Bermondsey. On February 21 about 9.45 p.m. I left my bicycle in the yard at the back of the "Swan," Charlton Village. Other cycles were there. The headquarters of the Westcombe Park Cycling Club are there. I left at 12. My bicycle was not there. I reported it to the police and saw my bicycle about 7 next morning. I had not seen prisoner before the Thursday following. Cross-examined by prisoner. The roadway is about 20 ft. from where the bicycles were. It is not possible to see the bicycles from the window where the club is held. I saw no policeman up there at any time. Sergeant H. SABAN, 47 R. I was in Combe Dale Road, East Greenwich, at 1.55 a.m. on February 22. I saw prisoner wheeling this bicycle on the footway, coming in the direction of the police station from Charlton Village. He was in plain clothes. He left the bicycle outside the station and went inside. I looked at the bicycle. I said nothing to prisoner about it. He came out in about three minutes and wheeled it away. I did not know then that it had been reported lost. I went into the station and made a statement to Inspector Woodmore. To prisoner. When I went into the station I saw a manuscript which was being written out by Inspector Woodmore to be sent to the printer. I did not know where the bicycle had been taken from then. I found by seeing the book there was a bicycle missing. The reason I was near the station was because I was waiting to relieve Inspector Woodmore. I had never seen you with a bicycle. (To the Judge). Nearly every policeman has a cycle. He applies to be authorised to ride on duty. I should know those that are authorised. I had an idea this man had not one. (To prisoner.) It is about 1 1/2 miles from Charlton Village to the police station. (To the Judge.) Prisoner was off duty about 1.20 a.m. Being a married man he would go home in uniform. About half an hour later he was in plain clothes. I did not speak to prisoner before he went into the station. I saw him leave the cycle outside. I went and looked at it. Inspector WOODMORE At 12.40 a.m. I was on duty at Westcombe Park police station when prosecutor made a statement to me. I saw prisoner at 1.30 coming off duty in uniform. At 1. 55 he came to the station in plain clothes. I asked him what he was doing. He told me he had taken his lamp home by mistake. He put it away in a cupboard and left the station. At 2 a.m. Sergeant Saban made a statement to me. I went to prisoner's residence to see if I could see him. I did not find him. On the pavement outside in the forecourt I noticed wheel marks as if a bicycle had been taken into or brought out of the house. I left Sergeant Scott outside to keep observation and went to make further enquiries myself. At 4. 55 Sergeant Scott came to the station with prisoner and the bicycle. I said to prisoner "That bicycle you have was lost from the, rear of the 'Swan' public-house. How did you become possessed of it." He said, "I was going back to Charlton with my lamp and cape when a man who I have seen before asked me if I was in a hurry. I said yes. Then he said 'You had better take my bike. 'So I did so and afterwards went for a ride." I asked him if he would know the man again. He said "No, I do not think I should." I told him his explanation was not satisfactory and I should detain him until I had made further enquiries. At 1 o'clock he was charged with stealing and receiving the bicycle. He made no reply. He was searched and on him I found a cap (Exhibit 2) in his jacket pocket. The cap was underneath the bicycle saddle when it was lost. He left his patrol at 1 am. He would have to pass his own house to come to the station to report. He had not. been drinking. Sergeant SCOTT. On February 22 at 3 a.m. I kept observation on prisoner's house. I saw him at 4.45 a.m. riding the bicycle. I told him he was wanted at the station. He said, "Do you know what for?" I said, "No; Inspector Woodmore wants to see you." He said, "All right; I will put the bike inside." I said, "That does not matter, bring the bike with you." On the way to the station he said, "A chap lent me this to ride home on; I have just had a ride as far as Woolwich and back. Have you been waiting for me long?" I said "No." He said further, "He will be on to me for being out so late," meaning Inspector Woodmore, to which I made no reply. To prisoner. I said nothing to you about a bicycle being stolen that morning. ERNEST SAUNDERS, recalled. (To the jury.) I did not speak to any constable before I went to the station. I did not look for one. (Defence.) THOMAS WALTER GRAINGE (prisoner, on oath). I went on duty at 9 p.m. I did not see anybody take this cycle away. My patrol is about a mile round. There are three or four other beats between this patrol and the police station. I reported myself off duty, went home, and changed my clothes. I suddenly thought I had left my lamp on the window sill in my front garden, where I had taken it off, being in a hurry to make water, and hurried back. The station is between five and ten minutes' walk. On my way back I passed a man wheeling this bicycle about half a dozen houses from where I live. He said, "Hallo, are you in a hurry." I said, "Yes, I have been and reported myself off and forgot my lamp." I got my lamp off the window sill and hurried to the station. I thought I was likely to get choked off for leaving my lamp on the window sill. Turning round Sebert Road I picked up with this man. He said, Here you are, take my bicycle, it will save you getting into trouble, I am going that way." I said, "All right," thinking he was a man living close to the police station and I should meet him there after giving my lamp in. I did not think he was a stranger. When I came back I could not see this man and thought I would go back along Woolwich Road and see if I could see him there. I did not think it necessary to take it back to the police station until I got a chance to see if I could find him. It would have been my intention to take it to the station if I had not seen the man. (To the jury.) The man was waiting while I changed my uniform. Cross-examined. When I first met this man I was on the way back to my house to get the lamp. I did not accept the bicycle then. I met him again as I was going back at the lower end of Sebert Road. When I first met him he was going towards Woolwich Road. I overtook him on my way back with the lamp. I was not in a desperate hurry to get back to the police station. Thinking he was a local man 1 thought there was no harm in his offering me the bicycle. I have been in the force five years and eight months. I did not ask the man why he was so anxious to let me have the bicycle. Verdict, Guilty of unlawful possession. Sentence was postponed to next session. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Wednesday, March 6.) GOLDSTEIN, Jacob (50, licensed victualler), pleaded guilty of having been entrusted with certain property, to wit,  2, the moneys of Abraham Miller, in order that he might, on demand, pay over the same to the above-named person, unlawfully fraudulentlv converting the same to his own use and benefit. Prisoner was released on his own and another's recognizances in  20 and  50 respectively to come up for judgment if called upon. DENT, George (35, dairyman), obtaining by false pretences from Ralph Whittard  1, from Albert Bernard Sporing one watch, from Clarence Dawes  1 6s. 8d., and from Thomas Alexander Thomas  1 12s. 6d., in each case with intent to defraud. Mr. V. B. Mockett prosecuted. ALBEBT BERNARD SPORING, Tottenham Court Road, jeweller. On December 12, 1911, prisoner bought of me a watch  3 15s. and a chain 4s. He asked if I would take a cheque, said that he knew the bank manager and that it would be all right; he also showed me his lease of 94, High Street, Hornsey, and gave me his card as a dairyman. I took cheque produced on the London County and Westminster Bank, which was returned dishonoured. I have since seen him several times and he has written me letters saying that he had been disappointed by one of his customers' cheques not being met and making excuses, until he was arrested on the complaint of another person. Cross-examined by prisoner. In November you bought another watch with a cheque for  5 14s., which was dishonoured; you then gave me a cheque on another bank, which was also returned; you have not paid for that watch. I let you have the watch on December 12 because you made plausible excuses and prevailed on me to trust you. (To the Recorder.) I was relying upon the lease and the fact that he was a dairyman in business. The Recorder. The false pretence alleged is that prosecutor gave prisoner the watch relying on the cheque and 'believing it to be a good and valid order for the payment of money. This evidence will not do. Call the next witness. RALPH WITTARD, Victoria Place, Muswell Hill, hosier. On December 16 prisoner purchased a hat of me for 3s. 6d. He was a stranger to me. He asked me to change a cheque for  1 3s. 6d. he gave me his card, "The North London Dairy, 94, High Street, Hornsey." Believing him to be a respectable tradesman, who had a banking account and authority to draw on it, I gave him  1 change for the cheque which was paid into the bank by our Holloway Road Branch and returned marked "R. D." On December 29 be wrote asking us to present it again, which we did, and it was again dishonoured. On January 9 be again wrote saying it would be cleared. We have not been paid. CLARENCE DAWES, 489, Hornsey Road, hatter and hosier. On December 19 prisoner, whom I have seen once before, bought two flannel shirts and a pair of pants amounting to 13s. 4d. and asked me to take in payment cheque (produced) for  2 on the L. and S. W. Bank. I at first refused as it is contrary to our rule. Prisoner produced his business card and said he had dealt with us before; after some hesitation I agreed to change it and gave him the goods and change.  1 6s. 8d. I suggested sending the goods to be paid for on delivery; prisoner was very persuasive and I obliged him by changing it. I believed the cheque to be good and that it would be all right, as he was an established tradesman; the cheque was returned by my bank marked "R.D." On December 28 he wrote a postcard promising to forward. postal order. I have not seen him since and have lost my goods and  1 6s. 8d. cash. To prisoner. I can only remember seeing you once before in the shop. I suggested to you that I should send the goods on and you to pay cash on delivery, but you said you wanted the cheque changed and, acting on your pressure, I changed it. THOMAS ALEXANDER THOMAS, assistant to Mr. Sears, bootmaker, 5, Priory Pavement, Hornsey. On December 30 prisoner came in and bought a pair of boots for 13s. 6d.; he was a stranger to me. He asked me to change a cheque for  5 odd, but I would not do so. He then presented this cheque for  2 6s. and I gave him the boots and the change,  1 12s. 6d., thinking it was a good cheque. He told me who he was and that he had a dairy business, and asked me if I would be a customer of his, but at the time I did not say whether I would or not. The following day I presented the cheque, but it was returned to verify the payee, which was not initialled; some dairy had been altered to "Mr. Furness." The amount was also altered when I had the cheque. I got prisoner to make the necessary initiallings and represented it. It was again returned to me marked "account closed." I never had my money. He was arrested on the warrant I applied for. To prisoner. I saw one customer in your shop when I called. To all appearances the shop was clean; that was all. PERCY JOHN BALL, clerk, London and South-Western Bank, Wood Green branch. On December 6 prisoner opened an account with  7 and I produce a certified copy of it. He subsequently paid in  1 5s. and  1 10s. His balance was exhausted by December 18 and he never paid in any further sum. He came to the bank on that date and I heard the cashier tell him he had no money at the bank. Detective-sergeant ALFRED GROSE, Y division. On January 17, at 7 a.m., I went to prisoner's address at 94, High Street, Hornsey. I found him in bed. 1 read the warrant to him and he said, "Which of them is it?" I said, "The one for Mr. Sears, where you obtained a pair of boots and the change for the cheque." He said, "Are there any more charges?" I said, "I believe there are others, but I have not had time to formulate them." He said, "I have lost my cheque book or thrown it away. One cannot always remember what one does." I took him to the station, where he was charged; he made no reply. The business had been closed the previous January 2 or 3. On January 24 he was further charged with the  1 6s. 8d. obtained from Dawes and the watch from Spring. He nodded his head in assent, but he made no reply. To prisoner. When I arrested you you said to your wife, "Go and fetch the money for the milk round that I have sold to Mr. Bennett," and she said, "What is the good of doing that? There are only two customers on the round all through your neglect." GEORGE DENT (prisoner, not on oath). The trade I was doing when I paid away the cheques was about  5 on the round and about  6 in the shop, and I had a 21 years' lease of the premises which I have lost through this. When I opened the account at my bank the hank promised me an overdraft of  50. (The Recorder stated that prisoner must not make these statements without putting them to the clerk from the bank in the first instance. At his request P. J. Ball was recalled; he stated that prisoner had asked for an overdraft when opening the account, but on the guarantor which he had given, Mr. Willis, proving not to be satisfactory he was refused.) I must say that I was considerably misled in the matter; the overdraft was never declined to my knowledge. I can produce letters from Mr. Willis and the manager. The Recorder would not allow prisoner to read these letters.) Why, if there was no money in the bank, were my cheques returned "Referred to drawer" and not "Account closed." In each case I gave my right name and address: that does not look as if I had an intention to defraud. I sold my milk round on January 10 and the money was due on the 17th, when I was arrested. (The Recorder would not allow prisoner to read a letter snowing this.) If I had known I should not have been allowed to read these letters here I should have brought witnesses. Verdict, Guilty on all counts except the first. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction for obtaining money by false pretences at the Birmingham Quarter Sessions on January 27, 1910, when he was sentenced to six weeks in the second division. It was stated that in 1909 he had been arrested for obtaining goods by false pretences, but on the plea of insanity he was confined to a lunatic asylum, from which he was released after nine days. Dr. DYER, medical officer of Brixton Prison, stated that there was no reason to believe that prisoner was not now mentally sound. Prisoner had committed the offence of which he now was convicted on a number of previous occasions. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Wednesday, March 6.) COHEN, Myer Frederick (48, dealer), being an undischarged bankrupt, did unlawfully obtain credit to the extent of  20 and upwards from the National Cash Register Co., Ltd., without informing them that he was an undischarged bankrupt. Mr. Graham-Campbell prosecuted; Mr. Cecil Walsh defended. ARTHUR MOLYNEUX, Clerk to the Official Receiver. Brighton. I produce the Court file in bankruptcy of prisoner; I identify him as the bankrupt; he is described as Frederick Cohen. The petition was filed on March 2, 1909, the receiving order was on May 18, 1909, and he was adjudged bankrupt on May 20. The Official Receiver was the trustee. He has never applied for his discharge. No dividend was paid. I served a counterpart of this notice (Exhibit 3) on prisoner and took his receipt for it; it draws his attention to the provision of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883, with regard to obtaining credit over  20; he signed it in my presence. The signature on this letter (Exhibit 6) has the appearance of his handwriting. FREDERICK PHILLIPS, manager, Experimental Department, National Cash Register Co., Ltd., 225 and 226, Tottenham Court Road. In June, 1910, our firm was dismantling the premises and we had machinery to dispose of. We advertised it and we got this letter dated June 16. On June 18 Mr. Beeching, the head of the Purchasing Department, introduced me to prisoner in the name of "W. Carpenter" and said he had come to see the machinery. I showed it to him. A day or two afterwards he came and said he would give 50 per cent. of the cost price and the arrangement was reduced to writing; this is a copy (produced). He entered the agreement in his pocket-book. (Mr. Walsh, called upon, stated he did not produce this pocket-book). As the machinery was taken out it was to be paid for week by week. It is the duty of a clerk, Rich, to enter the amounts removed in the "outwards book," and I check them. Certain payments were made on account by prisoner. About the first week in July I had instructions to clear all the remaining machinery out in the ensuing week; I told prisoner and he agreed to do so and pay at the end of the week. He had paid  163 14s. 6d. to July 1. About the second or third week in August he removed  15 worth of goods, which he paid for by the cheque dated August 25. We paid it into the bank and it was returned "Refer to drawer." As far as I know the amount was never recovered. All through these transactions I knew him by the name of "Carpenter"; he did not tell me his name was "Cohen" He never told me he was an undischarged bankrupt. I did not gather that he was acting as agent for anybody else. Some time last year we took proceedings to recover the amount due to us. I saw him sign these cheques (Exhibits 6 and 10). Cross-examined. He paid for each load as it went out. There came a time when we told him he could not take any more until we got the cash; but that was not because he had told us he was an undischarged bankrupt. I told him in consequence of instructions I received from Mr. Beeching, who did not know about the agreement that had been signed. Prisoner never told me that he was managing for Carpenter. I asked for the money when the first load was ready to go out, and then I was asked by Mr. Beeching to ask for the money before I let the machinery go; this must have been the first or second week in July. My recollection is not very accurate as to dates and amounts. Prisoner said he went home to Brighton at week-ends. Re-examined. The first time I heard his name was Cohen was at the Law Court proceedings. We obtained judgment, and on the judgment we applied to make this man bankrupt in the name of "William Carpenter." ARTHUR JOHN BEECHING, shipping clerk, the National Cash Register Company, Limited. We received this letter, dated June 16, asking us to send full particulars and lowest cash price of the machinery we had for sale; it is signed "W. Carpenter and is in prisoner's handwriting. I answered the letter, and within a day or two prisoner called and gave me a business card, which I handed to the solicitor. He gave the name of "W. Carpenter," and his address on the card was an address in Rosebery Avenue; I forget the number. I have been through the books to see how much goods was taken away and paid for by prisoner. He paid by July 1  163 4s. 6d. in different sums, and  236 3s. Id. is owing for machinery taken away between June 29 and August 25; he gave us a cheque (Exhibit 10) for  15 in respect of goods taken away on August 25, and this was dishonoured. Prisoner, whom I always knew as Carpenter, never told me his name was Cohen or that he was an undischarged bankrupt. He never told me that he was acting for a principal. Cross-examined. One of the unpaid items is  188 on July 9, which is about three times larger than the other items; this would be after the time when the directors desired that he should clear all the lot out of the premises. I have been once to his address at Rosebery Avenue; I did not go in; we simply asked for Carpenter; we did not stop long enough to see if anybody else was there. (Thursday, March 7.) Mr. Walsh stated that in view of the evidence given he had advised prisoner to withdraw his plea of not guilty and plead guilty. A verdict of Guilty was returned. Sentence: Two months' imprisonment, second division. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Thursday, March 7.) JOHNSON, Thomas Brittain (43, commercial traveller), having received from Sydney Alfred Leney,  6 19s. 7d.: from Benn Cecil Pleasants,  6 15s.; from Francis Pouchot,  6 17s. 6d.; from George William Beard,  6 17s. 10d.; from Frank Ernest Still,  6 5s. in each case for and on account of the Electrical Company, limited, fraudulently converting those sums to his own use and benefit. Mr. Frampton prosecuted; Mr. Schulteas-Young defended. WILLIAM DALDORF, 23, Spencer Street, Goswell Road. I am undermanager of the Electrical Company, Limited, which trades in a typewriter known as the "Mignon" Typewriter at 122-124, Charing Cross Road. Prisoner was engaged bv the company by an agreement in writing as agent for the south-east district of London and a portion of Kent. By the terms of the agreement he was to receive 25 per cent. commission on all sales, and had to remit to the company within 24 flours any cash or cheques received. On June 13 an order for a typewriter from Messrs. Leney and Sons, of Penge (Exhibit 3) was received by the company. The body of the order is in prisoner's handwriting, and the signature is accepted by Messrs. Leney and Sons as being theirs. We have never received any moneys in respect of that machine. We have paid a commission of  1 13s. 9d., due in respect of the sale. Exhibit 8 is an open cheque for  5 7s. 6d., dated August 21, drawn by Sydney A. Leney, in favour of Thomas B. John son. It has been passed through the London and Provincial Bank, Penge, and endorsed by Thomas B. Johnson. Exhibit 9 is a receipt given by Johnson to Leney and Sons for  6 19s. 7d. We have never received a penny of that cheque. Exhibit 2 is an order received from prisoner for a machine for Mr. Pleasants. The machine was duly delivered. We have received no sum in respect of that machine. I know Mr. Pleasants is a tailor. I never authorised the prisoner to receive from Mr. Pleasants a suit of clothes as part payment for that machine. Exhibit 7 is a receipt signed by Thomas B. Johnson for  6 15s. to Mr. Pleasants, dated August 9. We have never received a penny of that cheque, but the commission has been paid on it. We received an order through prisoner for a machine for a Mr. Pouchot. We never knew that prisoner sold a machine to Mr. Pouchot, and we have never received any money in respect of it. Exhibit 15 is an invoice for one of our Mignon typewriters, receipted by prisoner for  6 17s. 6d., dated July, 1911. He has never accounted in any way for that. In August, 1911, we received an order for a machine and accessories for Mr. George Beard, and a machine was supplied. Exhibit 10 is a crossed cheque, dated September 21, drawn by George Beard to T. Johnson, and endorsed T. Johnson for  3 4s. 4d. We have not received any part of that. In respect of the payment of that machine we never authorised prisoner to have a costume made for his wife in part payment, nor did he ever inform us while in our employ that he had taken a costume as part payment. I do not know if a machine was sent to Mr. Frank Ernest Still. Prisoner had a sample machine for the purpose of his round. I never knew he had sold a company's machine tv, Mr. Still for  6 15s., and we never received any part of a sum of  6 5s. paid by Mr. Still for one of our machines. Exhibit 11 is a crossed cheque for  4 10s., dated November 28, drawn by Still and Son in favour of prisoner, endorsed T. Johnson. Exhibit 12 is a receipt from prisoner to Still for  6 5s. We have received no part of that. Towards the end of September, 1911, we decided to terminate the agency held by prisoner, and it was so determined by telegram on September 30. Inquiries were then made respecting business he had done for the company, and a warrant for his arrest was applied for. Cross-examined. We do give our travellers instructions to sell our machines by hook or by crook, but we only mean by that that they are to do their best to get business. There is a term in the contract "Commission is only due after we have received payment in full," but I do not admit that, simply because we paid prisoner  2 a week before we received any money from his orders; we broke the contract; it was done as a favour to prisoner. We did not follow out the agreement with regard to a month's notice on either side, because we found things were so unsatisfactory. It is quite true we do not allow anything for expenses. The only explanation I can give of the expression in our letter to prisoner of September 27 "We are all the more astonished you have not made an attempt to come to some arrangement with us" is that we were very much surprised that prisoner had not been up to see us and give us an explanation of the whole thing. We did not have anything in our minds with regard to an "arrangement." You can take that as a serious answer. We did send on October 13 to prisoner an account of moneys owing. We did not treat the matter as one of account. We only sent it at prisoner's own request. (Thursday, March 7.) WILLIAM DALDOBF, recalled. Further cross-examined. It certainly is not the case that it was an understood 'thing from the first that this matter was to be treated as a debt or as an indebtedness to the company from prisoner, despite the expression in our letter of October 15, "We notice in your letter that it is not your wish to avoid the above indebtedness." This is a private prosecution. We have not always been suggesting to prisoner for three or four months from the time we dismissed him to pay these sums and settle the matter. Prisoner is a married man and he came to us with very good references. He did not tell me, when I asked him about the Leney matter, that in pursuance of his 'business he had gone, into a (public-house to sell the machines and had taken too much drink and lost the money. We did not have an explanation from him until October 5. As far as I remember he wrote on September 27 asking how the matter stood and saying he was sorry for what he had cone; but there was no explanation in that letter of Leney's account. We do offer, on occasions, a prize of a suit of clothes or lady's costumes to men who sell ten typewriters. In regard to Pleasants' case we complain that prisoner took the order by giving Pleasants an order for a suit of clothes. We expect our travellers to be well dressed. The case of Beard stands very much on the same lines as the case of Pleasants. We do tell our travellers that they must not on any account lend out machines on approval. It is not quite right that Pouchot would not have a machine unless he first had it on approval. My explanation of the incident is that prisoner came to Mr. Beard and myself and said he had a customer who would like a machine, but before signing the order the customer wanted to see it on his table. That is not on approval. We obliged prisoner by sending to him at his private house a machine to show to the intending customer. With regard to Still's machine I personally did not hear prisoner on his arrest say that the machine was given to him on his first joining the company and that he had sold it to Still, but I heard it from someone. SVDVKV ALFRED LENEV, builder, 38, Hawthorne Grove, Penge. I know prisoner. He called upon me on June 15 last year. I gave him an order for a typewriter. I signed the order, the body of which is in the handwriting of prisoner. A machine was delivered to me in due course, and I paid prisoner at first  1 2s. 6d. in cash and then the balance by cheque value  5 7s. 6d. on August 21. He gave me a receipt the same day for the full amount of  6 19s. 7d. Cross-examined. I have known prisoner as a respectable man. He came to press the sale of the typewriter upon me. BENN CECIL PLEASANTS, tailor, 14l. Beckenham Road, Penge. I know prisoner by sight. He has called on me a good many times. I signed an order for a typewriter on June 28, and a few days afterwards I got the machine. The arrangement I made with prisoner was that I would give him an order for a typewriter if he gave me an order for a suit, which came to just under  4. This was to go towards the price of the machine. I paid the balance on August 9 in cash. This is the receipt signed by him for  6 15s. Cross-examined. I should not have bought a typewriter off prisoner had he not given me the order for the clothes. It was to induce me to buy the machine that he gave me the order. AUGUST FBANCOIS POUCHOT, estate agent, Thornton Heath. I purchased a Mignon typewriter from prisoner last July. The price with accessories was  6 17s. 6d. I paid him cash and he gave me a receipt dated July. Cross-examined. I wanted to see the typewriter before I bought it. I had it on approval. I bought it direct from prisoner. (To the Court.) The receipt is made out in the name of prisoner and not in the name of the Electrical Company. When prisoner first approached he said the company he was acting for would not let machines out on approval, and as I said I must have it on approval he made an arrangement with the company by which he bought the machine himself and let me have it on approval. GEORGE WILLIAM BEARD, tailor, 70, High Street, South Norwood. About the end of last August prisoner came to see me, and I gave him an order for a typewriter, value  6 15s. I received the machine. I do not remember him saying anything about a firm or who was selling the machine. The machine came by a carrier in a box. I cannot remember whether the box had a name on it. I agreed to make a costume for his wife in part payment and to pay the rest in cash. The costume came to 3 1/2 guineas, and I paid him the balance of  3 4s. 4d. by cheque on September 21. He gave me a receipt. The cheque is made out in prisoner's name and endorsed by him. (To the Court.) Prisoner asked me to make the cheque payable to him. Cross-examined. I have not any recollection of prisoner mentioning the Electrical Company to me. I would not have given the order if prisoner had not ordered the costume. FRANK ERNEST STILL, dairyman, 88. High Street, South Norwood. On November 28 prisoner called at my shop. He owed me  1 over a cheque transaction and 15s. for milk. I arranged to have a deal over a typewriter. I agreed to buy one for  6 5s. He asked  6 15s. to start with. The machine was rather worn. I took off the  1 15s. he owed me and gave him a cheque for the balance,  4 10s. The cheque was drawn to him and the receipt is made out by him. Cross-examined. The machine was one which had had some wear. I was buying the machine from prisoner. I had not the Electrical Company in my mind at all; and I paid the sum to prisoner in his own name. (To the Court.) Prisoner himself brought the machine. Detective-sergeant HENRY FITZGERALD gave evidence of arrest. In reply to the warrant prisoner said, "I deny that. I know I owe them some money, but I thought they could only summons me for it." Mr. Schultess-Young submitted that he had no case to meet in regard to the witnesses Beard and Still, who both stated that they considered they were dealing solely with prisoner and did not know of the Electrical Company. The property now laid in the parties. Originally. before the magistrate it was laid in the company. He therefore made the point that there was no evidence to go to the jury that prisoner had received moneys from Beard and Still for and on account of the prosecutors within the meaning of the statute. (R. v. South, 1907, 71 J. P. 191. R. v. Solomons, 1909. 2 KB. 890.) Mr. Frampton submitted that there was no point in the argument that Beard and Still did not know they were paying money over for the company. He could call Mr. Daldorf to prove that the name of the company was on all the boxes containing the machines. Judge Lumley Smith said the indictment charged that the money was received by prisoner "for and on behalf of the Electrical Company." He held that it was a question of fact for the jury, even if the prisoner gave receipts in his own name, whether or not the money was received for the Electrical Company. (Defence.) THOMAS BRITTAIN JOHNSON (prisoner, on oath). Up to the time I entered the service of the Electrical Company I had been a commercial traveller for many firms, amongst others, McFarlane, Lang and Co., with whom I was for 13 years. I gave them as references. I put my character in issue in every way. I signed the agreement which has been referred to. The company's travellers were told they were to adopt any means they possibly could to get business. Mr. Beard, the manager of the company, was the gentleman with whom I had most to deal. With regard to Pouchot's machine, the firm absolutely refused to send it to him on approval, saying it was strictly against the rules. I pointed out that if I got his order it would probably mean getting four or five other orders, and Mr. Beard eventually said. "We will send you the machine and debit it to you and then you can let Mr. Pouchot have it as from yourself and has having nothing to do with us at all." As a matter of fact, the machine was sold to Pouchot in my name. It was because he insisted on having the machine on approval that I bought it myself and sold it to him. With regard to Leney, I sold a machine to him in the ordinary way as a commercial traveller. At that time I had an account with the company. They were sending me money on account. On the day Leney paid me the money I finished up several calls by trying to get an order from a public-house. With Leney's money I had about  7 when I went in there. Unfortunately I had something to drink. What took place was this: I have had a lot of trouble ever since I lost my first wife. She was taken to an asylum, and if I have a few drinks I lose my Memory entirely. I did on this occasion. I really do not know what happened. I woke up next morning and found myself in bed with no money. My coat was torn I told Daldorf exactly how I lost the money, and lie asked me how and when I could pay the money. I told him I could not not pay at that time. With regard to Pleasants, I called on him several times, but he would not have a machine unless I gave him an order for a suit of clothes. The same applies to Beard, only it was a lady's costume in his case. With reference to Still, when I first joined the company I had one sample machine. After two months Beard wanted me to have another machine, but I said it was not fair, as I had the machine first given to me in good and easy working order, and if I sold that one I took another, which would not be so easy of manipulation; it would hamper me. I said the best thing he could do was to give me one for my own use. He agreed to the suggestion, and the machine was sent to me. Having returned my first machine, I considered I was entitled to keep the second one which was given to me. There was never any question about it. Both before and after October 5 Daldorf kept worrying me to make some definite arrangement as to paying the company. I told him I could not do anything at present. I was working up the agency and I should have rendered an account at some time in the future. I have never at any time had the intention of fraudulently depriving the company of the money. If I had, I could have had hundreds of machines and not a paltry few. I was working four months for the company, during which time I received about  40. The company would have had the money at some time. That was the meaning of my letter in which I said I would pay when I found what the indebtedness was. I was not able to pay at the moment, but there were a great number of people from whom I should undoubtedly have got orders which would have recompensed me. I also had in mind a debt of  75 owing to me on a transfer transaction, in regard to which I was told by my solicitors I had a very good claim. I told the company I was expecting money and that they would have it. Cross-examined. I presume I sent in 18 orders altogether to the company. I do not know that in respect of those orders the company has received nothing; I was not keeping their books. I have been out on bail and had an opportunity of seeing the people, but I had no wish to, as my intention was honourable all the way through. I was anxious to treat this matter as a civil matter. I did not want to press it as a civil matter, but I did not think they would be so foolish as to accuse me of any criminal intent. It was a term of the agreement that I should remit to the company any moneys or cheques received within 24 hours, but they broke the agreement by agreeing to pay my commission on account instead of at the conclusion of the sale of each machine. I admit I wanted it that way and that it was an act of generosity on the part of the company. I broke the agreement by not remitting to the company within 24 hours, or at all, moneys I had received in respect of their machines. I did find purchasers for the five machines mentioned in the indictment, and I have been paid for the five, in addition to 25 per cent, commission on three of them. The company have not been paid anything in regard to those machines, because they did not give me the opportunity. If they had not dismissed me they would have received the money and other orders which I had in hand. The money the company paid me has been spent in trying to get further orders. Leney paid me first of all  1 2s. 6d. in cash. I spent that on my expenses, as the company did not allow me any. On August 21 I received a cheque for the balance of Leney's account for  5 7s. 6d. I did not remit that to the company because I thought it was a contrary account, and because I wanted it for my expenses to earn more money for the company and myself. I did not cash the cheque in the public-house but at the bank the same day. I made one or two calls after I cashed the cheque, and then went to the public-house. Now you hand me the cheque I see the date of payment is the 22nd. Could Mr. Leney tell me whether he paid me in the morning or evening? I know I went straight to the bank from him. I did not tell the company at the time of my dismissal that I had received Leney's money for the reason I did not wish them to know about the public-house incident. It was not with any wrong intent. I was spending the money in their interests, and my own I hoped, in trying to get orders. I agree, with regard to the case of Pleasants, that the company ought to have had the money, and they would have had it. I did not tell the company I had made an arrangement with Pleasants for a suit of clothes. It would have been more in commercial etiquette if I had done so. With regard to Pouchot's machine, I still adhere to the story I told in examination-in-chief. The arrangement was made entirely between myself and Pouchot, and had nothing to do with the Electrical Company. The case of Beard is very like that of Pleasant's. I did not ask Beard to make his cheque payable to me. He asked me whether he should, and I said yes. I do not know why he asked the question if he thought the machine was coming from myself. I spent the proceeds on the company's behalf. They would have had the benefit of it. The machine I sold to Still was the one given to me by the company. It was my machine. The company never asked me for it. The whole thing was a question of debt. Re-examined. No complaint was ever made to me about the money not being paid. I believed I was perfectly right in making the matter one of account between myself and the company. I took all this money for the purpose of getting about trying to get further orders. I did not keep the money with any fraudulent intent. CHARLES FREDEBICK WILLIAM BEARD. I attend on subpoena. I do not remember any incident about a machine being sent on approval. Prisoner came one day and said he had a gentleman who would only sign the order when he got the machine. Nothing was said about. approval. A machine was sent and booked to prisoner. We sent it because prisoner was a new man and we wanted to help him along. CHARLES HOWARD, managing clerk to prisoner's solicitors. We did have business in hand for prisoner with regard to a claim of  75 for commission on a transfer of a business. It was a good claim. Cross-examined. We did not commence proceedings. Verdict, Not guilty. (Friday, March 8.) JOHNSON, Thomas Brittain (43, commercial traveller), together with BLACKMAN, James (55, commission agent), were indicted for stealing and receiving on September 30, 1911, a typewriting machine, the property of the Electrical Typewriting Company; conspiring on July 1, 1911, to acquire for themselves a certain typewriting machine, the property of the said Electrical Typewriting Company, with intent to defraud. No evidence was offered by the prosecution, and the jury returned a verdict of Not guilty. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Wednesday, March 6.) MORLEY, Marian (38, housekeeper), feloniously marrying Philip Samuels, her former husband being then alive. Mr. Leycester prosecuted; Mr. Ernest Walsh defended. GEORGE PAYNE, 62, Lindsay Road, Hornsey. I was present at the marriage between Reuben Gregory Morley and prisoner. This is the certificate. The date of the marriage is February 10, 1894. I last saw Mr. Morley in October,1894. Cross-examined. I was asked to give evidence in this case by Mr. Samuels six weeks ago. LUCY MORLEY, Nottingham. Reuben Morley was my son. I was not present at the marriage between him and prisoner. I knew prisoner slightly. My son went to America in 1894. I last saw him in December, 1905. I corresponded with him. (Mr. Walsh objected to this evidence unless the correspondence was produced.) I think I have one letter at home. We corresponded till just before his death. Cross-examined. My son died on August 3, 1911. I heard that by cable from my son's employers. PHILIP SAMUELS, licensed victualler, Camden Town. In September, 1905, I went through a form of marriage with prisoner at St. Pancras Registry Office. About three years afterwards we parted. Afterwards we lived together about six years. I did not know of the marriage to Mr. Morley. I started proceedings in the Divorce Court, which were abandoned. Cross-examined. I was present at the police court on the first hearing of this charge, and gave evidence. On the remand the magistrate held that there was not sufficient evidence, and said something about she could be rearrested if there was further evidence. I did not give evidence on that occasion; I did not turn up in time. Sergeant Butters and myself applied for a warrant on this charge. I was advised to drop the divorce proceedings as I could not divorce a woman who was not my wife. She was living with a man at the time. I believed my marriage was a good one. She never told me she was married to Morley. I heard about him through a man in the bar, who called out, "Polly Morley, the brothel keeper." I told her to take no notice of it. (To the Judge.) She told me she was married to a man called Ferguson. (To Mr. Walsh.) She never told me she had met Morley's grandmother in Nottingham. I know nothing about Nottingham. I was not anxious to get her into trouble about bigamy. I went down to Nottingham to get Gertrude Cox's evidence for the divorce proceedings. I did not know that she was in a position to say prisoner knew her husband was alive. I went to the public-house where Miss Cox was. She told me she remembered a conversation she had with prisoner at the "Black's Head" public-house, when Miss Cox said, "Don't you think it is foolish to be going with Ferguson and your husband alive." I provided my own money to go into the Camden Stores. No money was found by anyone else, bar the brewers and distillers. Prisoner might have had  20 or  30. I do not know that she had several hundred pounds from Ferguson. She lent me not one halfpenny, on my oath. Out of house-keeping money she lent me  20 and I gave an I. O. U. for it. That was after I went into the stores. I pawned some of her jewellery and redeemed it. I acknowledged my indebtedness to her and agreed to pay her  1 a week. I never thought if I got her convicted of bigamy that the indenture would no longer stand and I would be clear of everything. If she liked to run as a straight woman I should have allowed her the  1 a week. There is a woman here can tell you, on our parting, I said, "Be good and I'll allow you  1 a week." She was not; she was carrying on with this man. Detective-sergeant FREDERICK BUTTERS, Y. I arrested prisoner on November 2 last. I told her I was a police officer and should arrest her for feloniously marrying Philip Samuels on September 13, 1905, her husband, Reuben Gregory Morley, being then alive. She said, "I was informed by my late husband's grandmother he was dead and I married Mr. Ferguson at the Parish Church at the Strand two years afterwards. He died suddenly on Epsom Racecourse. I thought I was a widow and married Mr. Samuels." I had three marriage certificates then in my pocket. I showed her an extract from a newspaper announcing the death of Morley. She said, "I am sorry; I thought I was a widow." She was charged with bigamy. The charge was dismissed on November 29. "I rearrested her in the Globe" public-house, Whitfield Street, Tottenham Court Road. On my entering the bar she said, "Do you want me again?" I said "Yes." She said, "What for?" I said, "Bigamy on a warrant." She replied, "What, can they do? They can only give me one day." I (then took her to Somers Town Police Station and read the warrant. She said, "Who is he? I know he was dead." She afterwards said, "I know that; I guarantee he was dead." GERTRUDE ANNE COX, Nottingham. My brother and myself have a fish and chip shop. I was formerly a barmaid. I have known defendant 15 years. When she was living at Nottingham she was called Mrs. Ferguson. She was called various names before that. She was married to Mr. Ferguson. He died soon afterwards. After she married Mr. Samuel she stopped with my mother; that was in 1906. I had a conversation with her about Mr. Morley in 1903. I used to say to her, "Are you not afraid of Morley coming back again and finding you living with Mr. Ferguson?" She said she was not at all afraid. She never suggested Mr. Morley was dead. The same conversation took place in 1906. Judge Rentoul held that there was not sufficient evidence to justify the jury in convicting, and a verdict of Not Guilty was returned. DACEY, Martin (61, dealer), stealing  2 13s. 6d., the moneys of Thomas Holmes. Mr. B. Moore prosecuted. THOMAS HOLMES, licensee "Falcon," East India Dock Road. At 5.20 p.m. on February 2 prisoner and eight other men passed into the bar. They says, "Oh dad, we are going to treat you. What will you have? Have a drop of the best in the house." I says, "I don't drink any." He says, "Have a drop of 'brandy." I says, "I don't sell brandy." They says, "Have you got a fire on at the other end?" I said, "Yes." They passed out of the bar into the saloon end, from one door into the other door in the lobby way. They says, "We have plenty of money," pretending to show money. Then they says, "Well, if you won't have any we will have a drink ourselves." I drawed up to hear the order. Prisoner and the others dragged me by the coat. I says, "Leave go of me, let me loose," and they would not. Prisoner got hold of my hand, I made a shout, and the missus came into the bar. They let go, but they fetched the coat right over my head. I heard someone at the till At the back of the bar. Prisoner took me by the back of the neck and (bore my head down on the counter. I struggled and fell back against the counter. They ran out. I followed immediately. A dock policeman, Husky, was passing at the time. He pursued them with me. At St. Leonard's Road I blew my whistle. The other men went in different directions. Prisoner went into the "Grave Maurice," into. a compartment by himself. As he opened the door I followed after him, and Husky followed. I charged prisoner. Husky said, "I will take him if you charge him." He took him with the assistance of a police-constable. Cross-examined by prisoner. You asked me co have a drink, six of you in fact did have drink. Either you or your pals says "Now, you go to the other end." Three passed on to the other end of the bar. I do not think I mentioned that before. I did not offer to shake hands. You said, "Shake hands, dad." I says, "No, I won't." But after you grabbed me by the coat then you seized me by the hand. That, of course, made me holloa out. My hand was puffed up with rheumatism. I did not say you tried to avoid me by running round vehicles or carts. I said one of you went round the cart and you ran round the other side of the cart and ran into the "Grave Maurice." Constable HUSKY. P. L. A. 46, corroborated as to pursuing prisoner and taking him into custody. FREDERICK WILLIAM DRAKE, licensee "Grave Maurice," St. Leonard's Road, E. I know the "Falcon," kept by Holmes. It's a good 100 yards from my house. I saw prisoner come into my bar on February 2 at 5.30. The other two came in almost on tap of him. They were cut again in less than two minutes I did not hear prisoner order a drink. He did not have a drink. There was not time. To prisoner. I did not notice that you showed signs of having been chased. Police-constable RUSHTON, 860 K. Hearing a police whistle I ran into St. Leonard's Road and saw prisoner in custody of Husky. Prosecutor said, "This man and some others have robbed my till." Prisoner said, "You have made a mistake. I know nothing about it. I had been with another man in the pub. drinking quite a quarter of an hour before the old man came in with the policeman." He was searched and on him were found 8s. in silver and a pair of gloves. Sergeant BRADLEY. I read the charge to prisoner at the police station. He replied, "I know nothing about it. I was in the pub. about 15 minutes drinking with a friend of mine, when the old chap rushed in." He did not say who the friend was and has not done so since. He has given no information which would enable me to find the friend. MARTIN DACEY (prisoner, not on oath). This Friday afternoon I came from Caledonian Road market with a live stock dealer, who is in a small way like myself, to Poplar Station. We went into the "Grave Maurice." We stayed there about a quarter of an hour talking over our little affairs. I walked to the top of St. Leonard's Road with him as his way lay Canning Town and mine lay through St. Leonard's Road to Whitechapel Road, where I was living. I wished him good-night. Passing the "Grave Maurice" I went in to have another drink by myself, being Friday night and I was stopping at a coffee shop and having no home comforts. As I was going in I heard a police whistle blow. I turned to my right and saw prosecutor. He was looking ahead of him. I saw no one. I thought, "This does not concern me." I walked leisurely into the "Grave Maurice" into a compartment where there was no one. I did not in any way rush in and get mixed up with other people as I could have done in another compartment. Had I been hot from the chase, a man of my build running a distance, I should have been in a terrible plight. I may mention it would be dangerous for me to run as I am suffering severely from hernia and have been twice treated for strangulated hernia. I was just about calling for a drink when prosecutor looked in and went out again and he came in again. He was followed by the dock constable two or three minutes after that. If I had been guilty I could have come out of that compartment and gone and mixed with others. I did not attempt to do such a thing. He came in and said, "This is one of them," two minutes afterwards. I said, "One of what?" He said, "One of the men that robbed my till." I said, "Nonsense." The dock constable said you had better come with us." I said, "Decidedly." We got back to the prosecutor's house. The old lady in the bar said, "That looks like one of them." The dock constable said, "You had better come to the station." We went to the station. Their statement was so flimsy I was there five hours before they would book the charge. The last witness had been to have an interview with the old gentleman; and I may tell you truth goes farthest I am a fallen man, or that charge would not have been booked. Verdict, Guilty. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction; numerous others were proved. Sentence: Four years' penal servitude. DODS, James Whalley (32, labourer), obtaining by false pretences from Samuel Roper a sheet of silver with intent to defraud; conspiring and agreeing together with a man unknown to obtain by false pretences from the said Samuel Roper certain of his goods and moneys, with intent to defraud. Mr. 'Briggs prosecuted. SAMUEL ROPER, silver refiner, 7, Garnault Place, E. C. I am accustomed to exchange scrap silver for Mr. Peters, of 17, Eyre Street Hill. On January 26 about 6.30 p.m. a man came into my shop and handed me this billhead of Mr. Peters'. The document is not in his writing. He brought a 4 oz. packet of scrap metal. I thought it came from Mr. Peters. I thought it was silver. I gave the man sheet silver in exchange worth 10s. Directly the man had gone I noticed that a trick had been played upon me. It is electro-plated metal. Next day he 'brought a larger packet. My suspicions were aroused. He said, "I will fetch Mr. Peters, he is waiting down the street," and ran out of the shop. I have not seen prisoner at all. GEORGE ALFRED PETERS, 17, Eyre Street Hill, silver mount manufacturer. Prisoner was in my employment on January 25. He has been to Mr. Roper on my behalf to exchange scrap for sheet silver. I would give him a written order like this on every occasion. I have never authorised any of my men to write such orders. I did not write Exhibit 1; it is prisoner's writing. I should not like to swear to the handwriting of the other. I did not see prisoner after January 26. I expected him, next day. There was really no work that week, but I expected him to show himself as I thought he might want to borrow a little money. Cross-examined by prisoner. You are often away two or three days at a time. You had access to my gold and silver. I have not missed any. Sergeant OXLEY, B. On February 8 at 8.30 I saw prisoner at Clerkenwell Green. I told him I was a police officer and should arrest him for stealing 10s. worth of silver from Mr. Roper. He said, "What?" I said, "You were employed by Mr. Peters, of Eyre Street Hill and filled up one of his billheads for the silver as if it was from him." He replied, "Yes, that is right; I did fill up the billhead. I admit I did wrong in using the Billhead." I showed him the billhead at the station. He made no reply when charged. To prisoner. On the remand I asked you who was concerned with you in this. You described a man and said you did not know him. You did not say his name was Charles Wilson. (To the Judge.) I have inquired for a man I have reason to believe is the man who is wanted, but he has not been seen in the neighbourhood since. I got his description from Mr. Roper. (Defence.) JAMES WHALLEY DODS (prisoner, on oath). On the day in question I met a man in Clerkenwell and had a drink with him. He asked if I could sell or exchange some silver for him. I know him well by sight. I have had no transactions with him before. I said I could not sell it for him. He said he could get 1s. 3d. an ounce for it. I said that was a bad price. He asked if I could get a (billhead and then he could sell it himself. I wrote out the billhead. I admit I did wrong in doing that. He opened the packet and showed it to me. I thought it was silver. He told me he had 4   oz. with him and that he had another 10 1/2 oz. He said I would have 2s. out of it. Cross-examined. The man's name is Charles Wilson. I do not know where he lives. I have known him five or six years. I have seen him on a meat van round the market. I could not sell it because my employer would think I had been taking his silver. I knew I was not authorised to write the document. If I had exchanged it I should have been suspected because we had been doing no work. I did not see Mr. Peters to ask if I might use his billhead. Verdict, Not guilty. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Thursday, March 7.) CARTER, James (22, porter), feloniously wounding George Driver with intent to do him grievous bodily harm. Mr. E. T. Purchase prosecuted. GEORGE DRIVER, 20, Barnsbury Street, Islington, costermonger. On January 20 at about 5.30 p.m. I was with prisoner; we had a drink at the "Agricultural" public-house, left about 7 and went to the "White Lion," where we were drinking with two other men till about 9; prisoner was drunk; I was not. We then had mere drink at the "Swan," where I was joined by my young woman, Alice Lindfield, and I went with her to Hoxton; we returned to the White Lion" and were having a drink when prisoner came in. Prisoner and I went out and started fighting by that time I was also drunk we fell; the police stopped the fight and we parted. I afterwards saw prisoner at his doorway in Penton Street; I went up to him and asked for an apology. He put his hand on my right shoulder and something stung me in the abdomen. I said, "He has done me he has chived (stabbed) me." I fell backwards to the ground and was taken to the hospital. I saw no knife. I was in the hospital three weeks and am now an outpatient, unable to work. OWEN CARR, 13, Eagle Court, Clerkenwell, metal polisher. On January 20 I was in White Lion Street with prosecutor and his young woman, when prisoner came up and said something; they starred fighting. I got prosecutor away. Prisoner said, "I will do the two of them in." I and prosecutor went up White Lion Street, when I saw prisoner standing at his doorway I saw his hand move and with that prosecutor fell back in my arms he said, "Oh, he has done it." I said, "What, George?" He said, "He has chived me." With assistance I got him in a cab and he was taken to the hospital. Cross-examined by prisoner. I am sure you said that about "doing the two in." You and prosecutor were together at about a quarter to 12. ELLEN LINDFIELD, 8, Rising Hill Street, Clerkenwell, wife of George Lindfield. On January 20 at 7.15 and afterwards at 11.50 p.m. I was in the "White Lion." Prisoner was there. Prosecutor and his young woman, my sister-in-law, Alice Lindfield, came in; he asked prisoner to have a drink both were the worse for drink prisoner left, followed by prosecutor, Alice, and myself. Prosecutor and prisoner started fighting and were parted by the police; prisoner shouted out, "I will have his life and her mother's too," and went away; we followed after. Prisoner walked to the top of White Lion Street and waited for prosecutor on the doorstep. Prosecutor went over and said, "Will you shake hands and apologise?" Prisoner said, "No. I will do it for you" he took him by the throat and laid him down the steps prosecutor called out, "I am stabbed." He was then taken in a cab to the hospital. To prisoner. You went up White Lion Street first prosecutor, Alice, I, and my husband were together you said you would have prosecutor's life outside the "White Lion." JOSEPH WATTS, 23, Carlsbad Street, Islington, vanguard. On January 20 at 12 midnight I saw prisoner in Chapel Street, drunk, and fighting a soldier pulled him away and he fell on the butcher's stall. Afterwards in Barrow Street I saw prisoner take a knife like that produced out of his overcoat pocket; he said he was going to stick it in somebody. I did not hear the name. He put it back in his pocket and went into White Lion Street. Prosecutor went up to him and wanted to shake hands with him, when I saw prisoner stick the knife into prosecutor's stomach that was outside White Lion Street School. Police-sergeant BERTIE NICHOLLS, 3 G. On January 20 at 11.55 p.m. I was on duty in White Lion Street. I heard cries of murder, a taxicab was stopped and prosecutor was lifted into it. I was told he had been stabbed. As the result of inquiries I went 50 yards up the road, saw prisoner and told him it was alleged he had stabbed a man with a knife and I should take him into custody. He said, "It was not me; I know nothing about it." I took him to King's Cross Road Police Station, where he was charged and made no reply. (To the Jury.) When arrested there is no doubt he had been drinking, but he was capable of knowing what he was doing. REGINALD PORTER, M. B., house surgeon, Royal Free Hospital. On January 20 prosecutor was brought in. When I examined him he was lying on his back, his abdomen uncovered, there was a wound on the left side from which protruded a piece of intestine; he was in a good deal of pain, but not very much collapsed. The wound was dangerous; there was great danger of blood poisoning. He is now discharged, recovered, but I have asked him to see me occasionally to watch him. The wound could have been inflicted with the knife produced. No blood poisoning occurred. To prisoner. The cut was apparently made from above downwards and inwards; the bottom of the wound was not narrower than the top. Police-constable GEORGE ARROW, 80 G. On January 21 at 10.15 a.m. I found knife (produced) in the girls' playground at White Lion Street Schools, about 6 yards from the wall. The night had been rainy, there was no marks on the knife; it was rusty. Sergeant JAMES BUTT, G Division. On January 21 I saw prisoner at King's Cross Road Police Station. I said I was a police officer, that I was going to the hospital to see how the injured man was, and that he would be charged with causing the injury. He said, "What would you have done? I wanted to have a 'read and write affair' (a fight), but there was three of them. George Driver took my tart away and has been going with her. I have told him about it and had a fight with him last Monday week and now I have properly done it on him." (Defence.) A written statement by prisoner (which was put in before the Magistrate) was read at his request to the effect that he had been living with Alice Lindfield for five years and had had two children by her; that he had wished to marry her but had been prevented by her mother; that her brother had come and taken her away; he was imprisoned for a month for being drunk; that prosecutor, whom he had asked to look after his home, had made away with it and had on this evening started the fight; that he (prisoner) was drunk; that prosecutor had said, "I will do it for you," and had come to him, pulled out a knife from his sleeve, that they wrestled, and prosecutor's knife must have caused the stab by accident. WILLIAM CARTER, driver in the Army Service Corps, brother of the prisoner. On January 20 at 12 midnight I met prisoner outside Kennett's Stores; he complained he had "had it done on him" that someone had set on him. I saw him as far as the schools in White Lion Street on his way home. I next saw him in the policeman's arms. Cross-examined. I saw nothing of the stabbing. I brought him from Kennett's Stores past the butcher's. GEORGE DRIVER, recalled (to the jury). I had no knife. I did not threaten prisoner I only asked him for an apology. Verdict, Guilty of unlawfully wounding. The jury added, "We think there was great provocation, he being under the influence of drink; the jury think that some inquiry ought to be instituted in connection with the public-house where these men were served with drink; there ought to be investigation." (Friday, March 8.) Seven summary convictions for drunkenness, assault, larceny, and as a rogue and vagabond were proved against the prisoner. He was stated to do no work, to gain a living by petty thieving, and to keep very bad company. Sentence: Twenty-two months' hard labour. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Thursday, March 7.) NEWTON, John (38, porter), TONE, John (28, shoemaker), REGAN, Johanna (30, flower-seller), and TOSSINA, Juditta (27), stealing 16 leather saddle backs, the goods of Richard Askew, and feloniously receiving the same; Tossina feloniously receiving four costumes, the goods of Abraham Michaels, weli knowing the same to have been stolen. Mr. Woodgate prosecuted; Mr. Huntly Jenkins defended Newton; Mr. Cecil Hayes defended Tone; Mr. B. Honour defended Regan. The indictment against Tossina was first proceeded with. RICHARD FRENCH, 7, Brightlingsea Place, Limehouse, E. I am errand boy to Abraham Michaels, costume maker. On January 24 I took a parcel from St. Paul's Churchyard to deliver. In Queen Victoria Street a man I did not know said to me "You are wanted." He was in the doorway of a firm. He said, "Run over to Lyons' and get Mr. Watson's tea." When I went over there they said they did not know anything about it. When I came back he was gone. I left my parcel with the man. I went straight to the police station and gave information. Sergt. MACKINNON, E. On January 31 I went to Baker's Row at 4 a.m. I went into the room where prisoner lives on the ground floor. I found three costume jackets on the bed partly covered over. I took them to the police station, where prisoner was detained. I showed her this property with other property. She pointed to this property and said, "That does not belong to me." When charged she said she bought them off a Jew in the East End. They were identified in her presence by prosecutor. ABRAHAM MICHAELS, 327, Commercial Road. I identify the costumes as my property. The value of the property lost is  23.  10 5s. worth were found in prisoner's place. JUDITTA TOSSINA (prisoner, not on oath). A gentleman come from Scotland that Friday night and on the Saturday morning went down Petticoat Lane and bought a lot. He is an Italian. They told him he will lose some, pay the duty, in case he go to Scotland. They said, "You had better leave them and have them sent on." He said, "I will write you or else I will go back to Scotland. I will take them with me when I come back." (To the Judge.) He left them in my place three nights, because I was not living in Baker's Row at the time; I was living at 41, Bonner Street. I knew him before. The gentleman lived with me sometimes, they sleep in my house for one night when they go to Italy. I keep lodgings. They do not give an address, they always trust me. I was not asked any questions. I told them at the police court the man had gone to Italy. He was going to Italy on the Monday night and was supposed to write me. Verdict, Guilty. The indictment against the four prisoners for larceny was next proceeded with. ARTHUR PAGE, porter, 141, Caledonian Road. I am employed by Mr. Askew. On January 30 I had four bales of leather on my trolley. In Sunolk Street, Clerkenwell, I left it for three or four minutes. When I returned one bale was missing. I gave information to the police. This is some of the leather I lost. Cross-examined by Mr. Hayes. I do not know who stole the property. I have not seen prisoners before. Police-constable GODFREY WILLARD, 324 E. I was on duty at midnight in Warner Street on January 30. I saw Regan, Tone, and Newton walking along the south side of Warner Street. As they got to the "Red Lion" public-house I saw Newton catch hold of the end of the bag that Tone was carrying. Tone refused to let him carry it. He then walked out into the middle of the road followed by Tone and Regan. I saw them go as far as Great Bath Street. I ran up through Bath Court, into Great Bath Street, through Crawford Passage where I met another officer. I asked him to come with me. We went through Crawford Passage down to Baker's Row. When I got about half way down I saw Regan and another woman standing in the roadway opposite No. 1, Baker's Row. I then saw Tone and Newton come out oil, Baker's Row. The two women walked up Baker's Row, past me and the other officer, on the footway, Tone and Regan were walking in the road. I told the other officer to take particular notice of them. I then walked to the bottom of Baker's Row and kept observation on No. 1. In about five or six minutes I saw Tossina come out, walk east, and join the two men. I still stood there and waited some minutes when I saw Tone and his wife come down Baker's Row and walk along Warner Street towards Phoenix Place. A few minutes afterwards I saw Tossina come along Warner Street from Great Bath Street. She entered 1, Baker's Row. I walked across to her and said I suspected some stolen stuff had gone into her house as I saw these men came out. She said, "Oh, it is only my people bringing in the washing." I said, It is a nice time to bring washing in," and asked her to let me see the back. She refused to let me see it. I sent another officer to get further assistance and kept observation on the place till he came. Meanwhile Tossina offered me 1s. 6d. and 3d. in coppers, said she was a poor woman, and asked me to go away. I refused to do so. Sergeant Sims came round the corner. He asked me what was the matter. I told him. He then went into the back-yard of 1, Baker's Row, where we saw the sack containing 16 saddles of leather and asked her where it came from. She said, "I opened the door and the men followed me in." She was told she would be taken into custody. I took her to the police station and went to Phoenix Place where I saw prisoner Tone on the ground floor. I identified him as the man that was carrying the leather. On the road to the station he said, "I suppose you know me, or are you a youngster in this part? He was taken to the station and I gave information as to where the other prisoners were and they were subsequently arrested by Sergeant Kenwood and Police-sergeant Sims. Cross-examined by Mr. Huntly Jenkins. When I first saw prisoners, I was about 15 yards from them in a dark doorway in Warner Street, between Bath Street and Bath Court. I was up against the doorway, not right in the doorway. I was standing on the footway. There were no lights in the passages of the doors. There was the usual amount of light there is in a London street. There is no lamp where I stood. Newton seemed as if he wanted to carry the parcel but Tone would not let him. With the exception of that Tone did the whole carrying. As soon as they left the footway by the "Red Lion" they walked in procession across the road. Newton was two yards in front, then Tone, then Regan. They were walking abreast on the footway. I did not see them come out of the public-house. Cross-examined by Mr. Hayes. Tone had the sack on his head. It was covered with a cloth of some sort. The wind blew the cloth and I saw something white. I recognised the sack in the yard as the same sack he had been carrying. It was the only sack in the place. I also recognised the leather. I arrested Tone at his house after we went and saw the leather at Tossina's. I took the leather to the station and then went up to Phoenix Place. The sergeant was there with him and he asked me if he was the man. I said "Yes, that is the man." I knew the man. I had seen him all the month I had been in the colony. There were other people living in the house. An Italian was not living there. I did not go upstairs before I identified Tone. I went to the top of the house to see if there was anybody else there. The sergeant told me to do so. Cross-examined by Mr. Honour. When I first saw the women I was 30 yards off, perhaps. I had then passed Crawford Passage some distance. I then saw Newton and Tone come out. They and Regan passed me. Tone and his wife passed me afterwards in Baker's Row. (To Tossina.) When you first came out of your door you joined the two male prisoners. You were speaking to two women. (To the Judge.) When she came out there was nobody in the street but these two men at the top end. Police-constable GRAVES, 524 E. At 12.10 a.m. on January 31 I was on duty in Crawford Passage. I saw two women standing outside 1, Baker's Row. Shortly afterwards two men left there. The two women then advanced up Baker's Row and the two men followed. I identified Newton at Gray's Inn Road Police Station the same morning as one of the men. I also identified Tone. I saw Tossina leave 1 Baker's Row. I saw a third woman who is not here. When the two women came out of the house they stood in the centre of the roadway. Tossina first came under my observation when I was in company with Police-constable Willard. We stood on the corner keeping observation. About three minutes later we saw Tossina leave the house and join the other prisoners. To Mr. Hayes. Tone and Newton were the men that left 1, Baker's Row. There was no need to follow them. To Mr. Honour. Tone did not pass with Regan. I do not know if Willard is mistaken. If he said that he would be. Sergeant HERRY SIMS, 48 E. On January 31 I received certain information from Willard. I went to 1, Baker's Row. I saw Tossina at the door. I said "You are suspected of receiving stolen property; what have you got in that bag." She said, "It is my people bringing in washing." I said, "Will you show me?" She said, "If you don't get me into trouble I will tell you all. I will take you round to the man who brought it here. He lives in Phoenix Place. I don't know the number but I know the house." I went with her to 18, Phoenix Place. Tossina gave one knock. The door was opened by Tone. She had told me he lived on the ground floor. I said to Tone, "You answer the description of a man concerned with others in carrying a bag in Warner Street. He said, "I know nothing about it. I did not put any questions to Tossina. I was accompanied by a sergeant. I was speaking to Tone when Willard arrived and identified him. At the station Tossina said, "I opened the door with the key and they followed me in." I afterwards went to 13, Crawford Passage, accompanied by Detective-Sergeant Kenward, where I saw Regan and Newton. I arrested Regan. Kenward arrested Newton. Regan said, "I have been to see the pictures; I came straight home; I have not been anywhere since; my friend in the next room can prove that." When charged Newton made no reply. To Mr. Huntly Jenkins. I did not hear Newton say, "I do not know what you mean." To Mr. Hayes. Tossina took me to Phoenix Place to arrest Tone. The door was opened at once. I may have said at the police court that I said to Tone, "You answer the description of a man seen to take a bag of leather into 1, Bakers Row." I said, "You answer the description of a man carrying a bag in Warner Street," if it was not taken down. I did not not see him take a bag of leather into 1, Baker's Row. I received my information from Willard. Tone was arrested immediately after Willard identified him. I did not accompany Willard to the top of the house. I went to the top of the house with Tone because he said, "There is more people living in the house than me." That was before I arrested him. I wish to correct that he was arrested on the arrival of Willard. I did not arrest Tone. I went upstairs to make sure whether there was any wore like the description than him. I brought him downstairs; Willard then arrived and identified him as the man carrying the bag in Warner Street. To Mr. Honour. To the best of my knowledge I gave at the police court the statement Regan made to me. I mentioned, "My friend in the next room can prove that." Sergeant KENWARD, G. At 3.30 a.m. on January 31 I went with Sergeant Sims to 13, Crawford Passage. I saw Newton and Regan in a first-floor front room. I told Newton he answered the description of a man who was seen, coming through Warner Street in company with another man, who was detained, and also two women; they were carrying leather through Warner Street, which was afterwards found at 1, Bakers Row. I told him he would have to come to the police station. He said, "You have made a mistake; I know nothing about it." The woman said, "I have been to the pictures and I have come straight home; my friend in the next room can prove that." Newton said, "You don't want to take the old woman; she knows nothing about it. They were taken to Gray's Inn Road Police Station where Newton was put up for identification and identified by Willard and Graves. When charged neither made any reply. WILLIAM ALFRED BIRT, salesman to R. Askew and Co., 39, Red Lion Street, Hoxton, identified the leather as belonging to his firm. Mr. Huntly Jenkins submitted that there was no evidence against Newton. Judge Rentoul said that the case must go to the jury. As to Regan, his Lordship held that there was no evidence, and a verdict of Not guilty was entered. (Defence.) JOHN TONE (prisoner, on oath). I live at 18, Phoenix Place, with my wife. I was at my mother's place this night and left there about nine o'clock. I arrived home about 9.20 p.m. and did not go out any more. My wife has been confined and cannot come here. I was in bed at about 10. My wife woke me up and said there was somebody banging at the door. I got up, put my trousers on, and there was Tossina standing at the door. She stayed there banging till I opened it. Constable Willard, Sergeant Sims, and two other constables were hiding behind the door. That woman turned round and says, "Do you know the washing you gave me?" I said, "I don't know you." Willard and the other sergeant both sprang from behind the door and said, "You are too quick," and with that they arrested me and charged me with being in possession of leather. I contradicted it. Sims, Willard, and I went upstairs to the top floor. Sergeant Sims banged at Mrs. Gray's door. They shouted out "All right." The door was opened. Sergeant Sims asked Police-constable Willard whether he could identify any man in the room. There were two men. He said, "No, I cannot; the man is not here." Then we came down. I went into my wife; the constable and the sergeant stood in the passage. I suppose I had been in there two minutes when Sergeant Sims shoved the door open and came in Willard stood in the frame of the door and Sims pointed to me and distinctly asked him if I was the man. He said he was almost certain. Then the other constable who was behind him, standing in the passage, said when I asked him to put that in writing about the "almost certain," "If he is not sure I am." I was asked to dress and go to the station, which I did. It was then four or five minutes past one. I am sure of that because the post-office clock is opposite. There is an Italian and his wife living on the second floor overhead. I do not know Newton. I have not seen him before. I have seen Tossina. I do not know her to speak to. Cross-examined. If any policeman say they have seen Newton and me together they are making a mistake. Mrs. TONE (prisoner's mother), 1, Burgess Court, Mount Pleasant. Prisoner came to my house on January 30, about one o'clock. He went home and came back to dinner. At 6.15 I left to go to my office cleaning and came hack about 9.15. He was in there asking his brother to lend him a shilling till Saturday. He left about 9. 30 to go home. Sergeant KENWARD recalled. I have seen Tone and Newton together on three or four occasions previous to their arrest. I have frequency seen them near where Newton lives. (To the jury.) I have seen them conversing outside the "Eagle" at the corner of Baker's Row. (Friday, March 8.) JUDITTA TOSSINA (prisoner, on oath). I know that I am charged with being in possession of stolen goods. Five families live in 1, Baker's Row. I only moved in that week. I was bad all the day the police came to the house. After I had my supper at 7 p.m. I went to lay down again. I heard someone in the passage. I wondered what was the time, and got out of bed, opened my room door, and there was a tall fellow with a parcel on his head. I said, "Who is that?" It never occurred to me to ask what they had got or not got. The yard does not belong to me. I could not recognise the fellow proper. I do not see him here to-day. I went for a walk up Baker's Row and across the passage into Bath Street. There were about 10 persons outside the pub off Crawford passage on the pavement. I stopped to talk to them. They went up to the door. The pub was getting shut. They offered me a drink. I said, I do not drink; good night," and walked away by myself, with no one in Bath Street. In Warner Street I saw two constables standing on the corner opposite my house, or rather opposite the corner pub. 324 E is one of them; the other is not here. I went into my passage. While I was shutting the door I heard someone running. I said, "What is the matter?" The constable said, "I want to come through your passage to see what is in the yard." I said, "You want to get me inside. You have got no reason." He said, "You have some stolen goods." I said, "How do you know that." He said I offered him 1s. 6d. and three pence. I had three shilling pieces and fivepence halfpenny in coppers. I was searched at Holborn Town Hall. Could I offer him 1s. 6d. and three pence? It is not true. I said to the other constable "I am a poor woman; don't you frighten me into trouble; I have enough trouble." He said, "If you won't, let us in will you go and get the person who brought the stuff here." I said, "If I can recognise him I will." I said I would go to Phoenix Place by myself. I did not take him there. I could not recognise Tone as the one that brought the parcel to my house. Verdict, Guilty. Newton and Tone each confessed to a previous conviction. Numerous other convictions were proved against both. Sentences: Newton, Twelve months' hard labour; Tone, Eighteen months' hard labour; Tossina, Six weeks' imprisonment on each indictment, to run concurrently. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Friday, March 8.) DISTLEMAN, Sidney (20, barman) ; unlawfully procuring Annie Fisher to become a common prostitute; conspiring and agreeing together with Maurice Hyman to procure the said A. Fisher to become a common prostitute. Mr. Roome and Mr. Montagu Shearman prosecuted; Mr. Purcell defended. Verdict, Not guilty. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Friday, March 1.) HUGHES, Riley (23, seaman) and MAJOR, Thomas William (39, licensed victualler), pleaded guilty of: Hughes burglary in the dwelling-house of Joseph Stower and stealing therein one suit case, two overcoats, and other articles, his goods, and one overcoat and other articles, the goods of Herbert Henry Fletcher; Major feloniously receiving one suit case and one overcoat, the goods of Joseph Stower, one overcoat and one jacket, the goods of Herbert Henry Fletcher, one ring and other articles, the goods of Mabel Sawyer, and one pendant and other articles, the goods of Jessie Alice Griffin, in each case well knowing the same to have been stolen. Previous convictions were proved against Hughes. Sentences: Major, Twelve months' hard labour; Hughes, Three months' hard labour. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Monday, March 4.) TAYLOR, Ernest (39, confectioner), and OSBORN, Alfred (40, coster), both stealing one parcel, containing six boxes of veiling and one box of tinsel, the goods of Bean's Express, Limited. Mr. Cecil Ince prosecuted. ARTHUR HOWARD, van guard to Bean and Co. I am 14 years old. On the evening of February 14 I was in charge of a van in Broad Street outside my employers' premises, standing behind it, when the two prisoners came up with a barrow and took a large hamper off it. Osborn walked past my van, looked at me, and said, "It is all right." Taylor jumped on to the van and caught hold of a hamper. I shouted out asking what he was doing; he put it down again. I then called the manager out, and prisoners were arrested. JAMES HENRY INGRAM, manager to Bean and Co., 36 Broad Street, la the evening of February 14 I was in my office when the last witness made a communication to me. I went out and asked Taylor three times why he had got on the van; he made no reply. The police were sent for and prisoners were arrested. Cross-examined by Taylor. When I came out there was a hamper on your barrow and a hamper, on the footway. You did not say you had been by the van to make water. Cross-examined by Osborn. I did not ask you any questions. When the police-constable arrived I threatened to lock you up, and Taylor said, "I wish you would, you might have to pay for it." Police-constable THOMAS WARD, City. At 7.55 p.m. on February 14 I was called to 26, Broad Street; the last witness said he wished to give the two prisoners into custody for stealing a parcel from a van two minutes previously. I asked them if they had any explanation. Taylor said, "I was going to make water against the wheel of the van when the boy called out to me and I did not do it." Osborn made no reply. I conveyed them to the police station. In reply to the inspector Taylor said, "I was going to strike the boy for calling out to me." Taylor, in his statement before the Magistrate, repeated his statements when arrested. (Defence.) ERNEST TAYLOR (prisoner, on oath). On the night of February 14 we were pushing a barrow loaded with large conspicuous images worth  5 or  6, when I found that a piece of wood which we used to keep the spring of the barrow in position, had fallen out, I sent Osborn back to get it, but he was unable to find it. We then took the barrow into a side turning and took a hamper off in order to adjust the spring. I was going to make water against the wheel of the van when somebody halloaed out to me A man would not push a heavy barrow if he was going to steal parcels. I am a man of very good character. Cross-examined. I did not jump on the van. I did not tell the inspector I jumped on the van to strike the boy. Osborn did not pass and then repass the van. Boys surmise these things. I did not explain to the manager, because it was not my place to tell him my business; I did not take much notice of what he said. I did not see the boy there until the manager came out. ALFRED OSBORN (prisoner, not on oath). The van boy gave different evidence at the police court as to the distance the parcel was shifted. Lads will imagine things and firmly believe them to be the truth. Verdict, Both Guilty of attempting to steal. Osborn confessed to having been convicted of felony on June 22, 1903, at Southwark Police Court. He was stated not to do any work. Sentences (each prisoner): One month's imprisonment. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Thursday, December 11, 1911.) PENDRIGH, Ernest (37, labourer), attempting to obtain from John Edwards  2 10s. and from John Brazil  1 15s., and obtaining from John Domville Ross a banker's cheque for  6, all by means of false pretences with intent to defraud; conspiring to defraud the said persons and divers tradesmen and other persons of their moneys. Prisoner pleaded guilty, to the first three counts but not to conspiring. Mr. Clarke Hall prosecuted and explained that prisoner's method was to fall down outside tradesmen's shops, such as butcher's, and to claim compensation on the ground that he had sustained some injury as the result of the carelessness of the employees in leaving fat and other refuse on the pavement. This had been going on for a number of years. Judge Rentoul, in sentencing prisoner, said that, although he had never been criminally charged before, the police evidence was to the effect that he ought to have been a great many times. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour.  This case was accidentally omitted from the report of the December Sessions.  WOOLMER, Harry (22, labourer), upon Ivy Woolmer (his half sister, aged 10). Sentence: Three months' hard labour. BEFORE MR. JUSTICE BUCKNILL. (Thursday, February 29.) LIMPUS, Walter James (34, machinist), was indicted for, and charged on the coroner's inquisition with, the wilful murder of Lucy Limpus and Stanley Limpus. Mr. Graham-Campbell prosecuted; Mr. George Elliott, K. C., defended. ROSE E. CLAPTON, wife of James Clapton, 49, Mile End Road. My stepdaughter, Lucy Limpus, was the wife of prisoner; they had one little boy, Stanley, aged two years and eight months. On February 12 I went to the mortuary and identified the two bodies. ERNEST LOCKE, newspaper boy, 7, Elm Road, Forest Gate. On February 11 I was delivering papers in Stork Road at about 7.30. I noticed prisoner come out of 24, Stork Road; he had a bloodstained hatchet; when he got on to the pavement he called out, "Murder, murder, murder"; he hit the railings with the hatchet; his eyes were bloodshot. I went for the police. Mrs. ALICE PETERS, 31, Stork Road. Prisoner lived in a house opposite to mine. On February 11 at 7.35 a.m., I heard a crying and moaning noise. Looking out of my window I saw prisoner standing at his gate holding his head and moaning. I called out to him, "What is the matter?" he took no notice; he picked up an axe and went inside. He looked very white and agitated. FREDERICK R. PRETTY, newsagent, 1, Fox Road, Forest Gate. I have known prisoner by sight for some time. On February 11, about 7.30 a.m. he called on me; he was in his trousers, shirt, and slippers; the shirt was dishevelled and slightly bloodstained. He said, "I have murdered my wife and boy." I went back with him to 24, Stork Road. In the bedroom I saw the woman and the child lying on the bed face to face, smothered with blood, in a tangled heap. I sent for a doctor and for the police. Cross-examined. Prisoner's manner was very strange; he was muttering incoherently. Police-constable FREDERICK SHORT, 652 K. I saw prisoner standing at his door. I said, "What's the matter, boy"; he replied, "Good God, I have murdered my wife and child; go in to them; I done it with an axe." I went into the bedroom and saw the woman and child lying on the bed with their heads battered in. Prisoner further said to me, "Let me die; I want to die; I must be mad; I will go quietly; is she dead; I don't know what made me do it." There was no sign of any struggle in the room. Police-constable ALBERT HARRIS, 751 K. Prisoner was handed over to me by Short. Prisoner said to me, "I have committed the murder, constable; I have killed my wife and child; I had a terrible night; I wish I had killed myself; I have had no sleep for nights; I have had a nervous breakdown; my poor little boy has been ill with bronchitis; I ought to have committed suicide, as their lives were worth more than mine; it was a cold-blooded crime for me to do; I must have been mad; I must go to the gallows." Prisoner had on him  1 3s. 4d. in cash and a savings' bank book showing a credit balance of  52 11s. 6d. Detective-inspector ALBERT YEO, K Division, spoke to charging prisoner, who made no reply. Witness found in the bedroom the axe produced. Cross-examined. Prisoner has always borne an excellent character; he was in possession of considerable means. He has been attending the London Hospital suffering from neurasthenia. When I saw him there was no sign of drink about him; he was labouring under great mental excitement. Dr. CHAS. JOSEPH STOCKER, West Ham. On February 11, about 9.30 a.m. I went to 24, Stork Road, and there saw the bodies of the woman and child; the former was still breathing; she died in a few minutes. On February 13 I made a postmortem examination. On the woman there were evidences of great violence to the head; there were six distinct wounds. I saw the axe under the bed; the wounds could have been caused by blows from that. The cause of death was comminuted fracture of the skull and laceration of the brain. There were similar injuries on the head of the child. Cross-examined. The violence must have been very great, as though the person inflicting the wounds was labouring under frenzy. I should say that the woman had been struck while sleeping. Neurasthenia and insanity frequently merge the one with the other. (Defence.) WILLIAM NORWOOD EAST, medical officer, Brixton prison, who had had prisoner under observation since his arrest, and had learnt his life history, expressed the opinion that at the time he committed this act he was suffering from delusional melancholia and was not capable of knowing the nature and quality of his actions. Verdict, Guilty, but that prisoner was at the time of committing the murder not responsible according to law. Prisoner was ordered to be detained during his Majesty's pleasure. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Thursday, February 29.) CONNELL, Stephen (52, dealer), unlawfully uttering counterfeit coin twice on the same day. Mr. Whiteley and Mr. Otter prosecuted. MARTHA O'BRIEN, provision shop keeper, 65, Angel Lane, Stratford. At 4.45 p.m. on February 10 prisoner came in and asked for two 1 1/2 d. eggs, tendering this half-crown. I said, "I think it is bad." He said, "Missis, give it to me." I tested it with acid; the coin still shows dark marks. I said, "This is a bad one." I had knocked for my husband, and as he was coming into the shop I gave prisoner the coin back. Prisoner told me to put the eggs at the back and he would be back presently. My husband followed him. At 6 p.m. a policeman brought prisoner back and I identified him. I also recognised the coin. EMMA ANNA PRATT, eel shop keeper, 43, Angel Lane, Stratford. About 5.15 p.m. on February 10 prisoner came into my shop and asked for twopenny worth of eels. I gave them to him and he gave me this half-crown (produced). I put it in the tester and found it was bad. I bent it and told him it was bad, and he said he had no bad money. On February 12 I identified him at the police station. Police-constable JOSHUA STEVENS, 876 K. At 5.30 p.m. on February 10 I followed prisoner into the "George" public-house, Broadway, Stratford, and told him I should arrest him on suspicion of having just previously uttered a bad half-crown at 25, Angel-lane. I took him to the shop where he was identified by Mrs. O'Brien. I showed her the coin with the acid mark upon it, she identified it; I had found it in his pocket. When charged he made no reply. SIDNEY WILLIAM SMITH, Assistant Assayer, H. M. Mint. This half-crown (produced) is counterfeit. Prisoner's statement before the magistrate: "I have nothing to say now and I have no witnesses to call." STEPHEN CONNELL (prisoner, not on oath). I was dealing in second-hand clothing and I got this half-crown amongst other money, and I was not aware that it was bad. I must have had it in my pocket two or three hours. I was a bit silly with drink and I did not know that Mrs. O'Brien had tested and marked it with acid; she simply said, "I do not think this is good." Verdict, Guilty. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction of having counterfeit coin in his possession on December 10, 1907, when he was sentenced to five years' penal servitude; there were two previous convictions against him for the same offence. Further convictions were proved, in one of which he was sentenced to five years' penal servitude for burglary. The Recorder stated that he did not think this offence was one for which prisoner could be punished with penal servitude, and therefore the indictment that he is a habitual criminal should not be proceeded with. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Monday, March 4.) BROWN, Frank William (50, farmer), and HUBBARD, Frederick (35, dealer), unlawfully receiving on September 22, 1911, a pony and governess cart and other goods, which had been before then obtained by false pretences from Gertrude Elizabeth Mousley, well knowingthe same to have been obtained by false pretences, with intent to defraud; other counts charging similar offences. Hubbard pleaded guilty to obtaining the articles by false pretences with intent to defraud; also to conspiring with other persons to obtain them. Mr. Bodkin and Mr. Roome prosecuted; Mr. Ernest E. Wild defended Brown.  Refer to the trial of Brown, on another indictment, at last Sessions, page 568.  GERTRUDE ELIZABETH MOUSLEY, Sunbury Laundry, Cadbury Road, Upper Sunbury. I manage my father's laundry. Last September I had a pony and governess cart; this is a photo of it. I advertised it for sale and received an answer from a man named Pettitt, of Clerkenwell Road. I replied to the letter and on September 22 two men came, one of whom gave his name as Pettitt. The other man gave no name. I recognised Brown as the man; he gave no name. He said he was Pettitt's foreman. My brother was there at the time. I sold them the pony and cart, two sets of harness and extras for  36 10s. Pettitt gave me a cheque for that amount. This is it. I paid it into the bank. It was returned marked "no account." If I had known it was not a good cheque, I would not have parted with my property. I communicated with the police. I have since seen my property and identified it. Cross-examined. I thought I had made a good bargain. I think it was worth what I asked. I gave  30 for the lot. I had taken great care of the pony. The men seemed to be thoroughly respectable people, whose cheque I should not hesitate to accept. They thoroughly imposed on me. GEORGE EDWIN MOUSLEY, brother of last witness. I was present when my sister sold the pony and cart. On September 29 I went to 37, Clerkenwell Road, which was where a man named Pettitt had letters addressed. He was not there. On January 12 I went to Manor House Farm and saw my sister's pony and cart and other things in the possession of Brown. Cross-examined. The men seemed respectable and imposed upon us both. I taw nothing of Brown until January last at his farm. JOHN EDGAR PARKER, White House Farm, Stebbing, Essex. My father is a farmer and I assist him. On September 29 last a man came to us who gave the name of Archer, another who gave the name of Wilson and a third who gave the name of Brown. Prisoner Hubbard is the one who said he was Brown. I knew Wilson before, but the others were strangers. Archer talked about buying some horses. I offered to sell a grey mare cob and two cart geldings. These are photos of them, marked 2 and 3. I wanted  145 for the three. They came in a pony and trap to my farm. No. 1 is a photo of it which belonged to the last witness. They did not buy that day. The three came next day and offered  130 for the horses, which I accepted. Brown later gave me a cheque; he was alone. This is the cheque, which I thought was good. It was paid into the bank and returned marked "no account." Hubbard took the horses away. I communicated with the police. On January 10 I went with the police to Manor House Farm, belonging to Brown at Walthamstow. I saw my grey mare there in the pasture. She had her knees cut. She was quite sound while in my possession. Two days later I saw my other two horses at Walham Green in the possession of Mr. Price to whom they had been sold. Cross-examined. I never saw Brown until January. He had nothing to do with buying these horses that I know of. These two men, Archer and Hubbard, were apparently respectable people. They were not got up in rather a swagger way; they looked very substantial. They fairly imposed upon me. I was partly influenced by them and Wilson who keeps an inn at Stabbing. He is a respectable man and he told me the money was all right. I have known him for a little while. I do not know that he is an ex-policeman. The grey mare was worth  30 and the others  50 each. CHARLES MORTLOCK, farmer, Charity Farm, Great Barfield, Essex. On September 30 two men came to me; one is a butcher named Britton, living three miles from me; the other man was the prisoner Hubbard; I did not know his name then. I had a bay mare for sale. This is her photo. I asked  30 for her. He went away and came back with a man who gave the name of J. Archer. He looked at the horse and finally bought it for  37, giving me this cheque signed "J. Archer," which I thought was good. I paid it into the bank; it was returned marked "no account." The horse was taken away the same afternoon. On January 13 I went with the police to Bulls Farm, Walthamstow, belonging to Brown, and there in a stable I saw my bay mare. Cross-examined. Mr. Britton is a respectable man. He was no party to the fraud. The two men who came, Hubbard and Archer, were a very plausible pair. On Britton's recommendation I sold them my horses. THOMAS WARWICK, master carman, 45, Whitmore Road, Hoxton. Last October I occupied stables at 51, Whitmore Road, Hoxton. About September 23 Hubbard called upon me. I afterwards received telegrams from him, and in consequence sent my son-in-law, William Hooker and a man named Wood to Liverpool Street station to fetch some horses. I do not remember the date, it was a Saturday evening, I think it was September 30. They came back with three horses. This photo No. 5 is of the bay mare, and photo No. 3 is of two cart geldings the property of Mr. Parker. I put the three horses in my stable at Hoxton. On Sunday evening, October 1, Hubbard came to my private house. He was afterwards joined by somebody else. Next day Hubbard came again early in the morning. He hung about the stables. Brown came about 1.30 or 1.40. He asked for a man named Brown down the yard. He did not give me his name. He went to the stables. They took the horses out in the yard and ran them up. They went away with the three horses. Brown went away in a little pony trap. I was paid nothing for stabling the horses. Hubbard had another man with him, Thompson is supposed to be his name. Brown was about half an hour at my place altogether. He said nothing about the horses that I could hear. Cross-examined. I have a good-sized stable, holding about 30 or 40 horses. I thought that Hubbard was a respectable man. While they were in my yard I was minding my own work. WILLIAM HOOKER, carman, employed by the last witness. On September 30 I went to Liverpool Street station to fetch three horses. I have seen Hubbard at the stables. I heard him called "Brown." Later on I saw Hubbard take the horses away with another man. I did not see Brown there. Cross-examined. Hubbard took the horses away about 2.30 p.m. JONATHAN DIXON, farmer, Ongar, Essex. On October 1 I was delivering milk at the "Lion" Hotel, Ongar. I saw Hubbard there, who showed me a grey cob with a roan pony and a governess cart. The cob had her knees scratched. I recognise the pony and cart from this photo. He asked me to buy them. I declined. The same day Hubbard drove up to my farm about 10 o'clock, driving the pony and cart. I showed a grey cart horse I had for sale. This is a photo of it, No. 4. He did not buy it that day. On October 3 he came again with another man called Tidd, in a motor car. Hubbard was called "Brown." I showed them my horse, Tidd agreed to buy it for 30 guineas. There was another man with them named May. I agreed to let them have my horse. We went to the "Lion" where they bought a black horse of the landlady, paying  4 5s. in cash, which put confidence in me. After that Tidd handed me a cheque, I think for  31 10s. They took the horse away. I paid the cheque into my bank, it was returned marked "no account." When I parted with my horse I thought it was a good cheque. I next saw my horse at Warren's coal depot on January 16 at Upper Holloway. Cross-examined. I never saw Brown at all. The men who called upon me seemed quite respectable. They thoroughly imposed upon me and I can understand their imposing upon anybody else. Coming in a motor car and flashing a bit of money about helped in the imposition. GEORGE HENRY MAY, The Farm Cottage, Manor House Farm. I rent my cottage from Brown. On October 3 I went to Ongar to fetch a horse for Brown; he told me to go to the "Lion" Hotel to ask for a horse for Mr. Brown. I went to the ostler and he took me into the bar to a man whom I now know to be Hubbard. I did not know him at that time. Brown did not tell me to ask for Hubbard, the ostler took me to him. I went with Hubbard and another man to Mr. Dixon's farm; they went across the fields and brought a grey horse back with them. We went back to the "Lion," where I saw the grey mare with her knees cut, also a black horse which was bought by Hubbard from the landlady for  4 5s. I brought the three horses to Manor House, Walthamstow, about 11 o'clock at night. I put the black horse in a field and the two greys in the stable. I saw Brown. He asked me "How many have you got?" I said three. I had directions to bring one back. I did not notice whether he was surprised when I said I had brought three. He gave me 10s., which was my charge for fetching them. On January 18 I went with Sergeant Hedges to the Green Yard, Walthamstow, and there saw the two greys I had brought from Ongar. I had seen a red roan pony and car; at the accused Brown's farm, I do not know when. Cross-examined. I know that Brown had three farms called Bull's Farm, Manor House Farm, and Folly Farm. He keeps a considerable number of horses, sometimes as many as forty at a time. I know that his vans go about all over London. I know that part of his trade consists in collecting refuse food from hotels, extracting the fat, using the food and refuse for the feeding of pigs, therefore he was in need of strong horses, vanners. There was no secrecy about fetching the horses. I know he was taking a horse to be tried. GEORGE GORDON, 91, Approach Road, Victoria Park, M.R.C.V.S. On October 9 a man came to my surgery with two horses; I believe his name was Brown, they were going to be bought by Messrs. Warren, coal merchants, who wanted them examined. I did not examine them, because I saw they were much too small for them. I then communicated with Mr. Price, who trades as E. Goodman; he wanted some horses. Price came and eventually bought the horses for  70, I believe. One was a chestnut, the other a bay gelding. Cross-examined. Nobody has prosecuted me. I made no inquiries where the horses came from. Messrs. Warren are well-known people. ERNEST GRIFFITH PRICE, trading as B. Goodman, 38, Haggerston Road, Dalston, contractor. I need horses in my business. On October 9 I went to Mr. Gordon's surgery and bought two horses there for  70. I still have them. I paid a cheque for them and got a receips. Cross-examined. My transaction was perfectly straightforward. The horses are worth the money. GEORGE JACKSON, Frisknay, Lincolnshire. On December 6 Hubbard came to me about some horses I had for sale; he gave the name of B. Clark. I showed him some horses, which he looked at. He came again on December 9, having bought them the day before by telegram signed "Tattersalls." I let him have the horses and he gave me a cheque for  85. I thought it was a good one. I let him have four horses. I had my doubt about the cheque and telegraphed to the bank on which the cheque was drawn; in consequence of the reply I did not pay the cheque in, but communicated with the police. On January 11 I went with Inspector Bedford to Mr. Stutchbury's stables at Higham Hill and there saw my brown mare; this is her photo. These other two photos are of my three other horses. I never had a farthing for my horses. The same day I went to Bull's Farm, Walthamstow, and there saw my three other horses in the stables. Cross-examined. I saw nothing of Brown in this matter; the only one I saw was Hubbard, who gave the name of Clark.  85 was a fair price. HERBERT STUTCHBURY, 60, St. Andrew's Road, Higham Hill, Essex, coal merchant. I use horses in my vans. I know Brown. On December 14 I went to Bull's farm and there saw a brown mare. This is her photo. Brown wanted  40 for her. I took her away on approval. On January 3 I saw him again. I offered  35 and he took  38 for the mare. I gave him a cheque. I got no receipt. I kept the mare, and on January 10 it was found by the police. I stopped payment by cheque, it not having been paid in. The police have now the horse. Cross-examined. It is not uncommon when buying a horse to take no receipt. Brown made no attempt to pass the cheque through; he could have done. When buying a horse it is not customary to cross-examine where it comes from. I have always found Brown to be of good character. I have stood bail for him. Re-examined. I have never lost a horse through him. JOHN W. STOPS, clerk to Warren and Co., coal merchants. On January 14 I bought a grey cart horse from Brown. This is a photo of it. Cross-examined. Brown buys his coke from our firm and has done so for some time. My firm buy a good many horses. HUGH CHARLES OWEN, manager, South Tottenham branch, London and Provincial Bank. No one named Joe Pettitt ever had an account at our branch, nor Joe Archer, Joe Tidd, or H. Tattersalls. The cheque-book from which these cheques were obtained was given to a man named Charles Rose on February 28, 1910. It contained 48 forms; the account is still open but dormant. It was last operated on by Mr. Rose on March 9, 1910. Four of these five cheques now handed to me, which are out of the same cheque-book, were all presented at my branch for payment and returned marked "no account." Cross-examined. Hubbard got held of the cheque-book and has been swindling people all over the country with the cheques. Nineteen have been drawn. Inspector ISRAEL BEDFORD, M. Division. On January 10 I went with Sergeant Hedges at 8.40 p.m. to Manor Road. We saw Brown outside No. 6. I said to him, "We are police officers; do you rent Manor House Farm?" He said, "Yes, and the horses in the field are mine." I said, "We are making inquiries about three horses which were obtained on September 30 by a worthless cheque at Stebbing, Essex, and the grey mare, in the field there, has been identified as one of the horses obtained from Stubbing. Where did you get it from?" He said, "I bought it from a dealer outside here," I said, "Where does he live?" He said, "He said his name was Clark and he came from Caledonian Road." I said, Was anyone present when you bought it?" He said "No." I said "What did you pay for it?" He said, "I paid  20 for it, but have no receipt." I said, "How did you pay him?" He said, "I paid him in gold." I said, "Have you seen him before or since?" He said, "I had seen him several times before, but I have not seen him since." I said, "What date did you purchase the horse?" He said, "I could not say but it was the end of September." I said, "What time in the day or what day of the week was it?" He said, "That I could not say." I said, "Did you buy any other horses from Clark at that time?" He said."No, but I have bought other horses from him before." I said, "Do you know anybody that knows Clark or his address?" He said, "No, I don't know. He told me he was a dealer and that is all I know about him." I then told him that I was not satisfied with his explanation and should arrest him for receiving these horses. He said, "All right, if you are not satisfied I must go with you." He was charged on the 11th, when he said he was not guilty. On January 11 I had another conversation with him at Walthamstow Police Station, after he had been charged with the last offence. I said, "In continuing my inquiries I find that on December 14, 1911, you sold a grey mare for  38 to Mr. Stutchbury, coal merchant, St. Andrew's Road, Walthamstow. Can you explain to me how you came into possession of that mare; it has been identified as one of four horses obtained at Frisknay, in Lincolnshire, by means of a worthless cheque." He said, "It was brought to my place by the man Clark, who said, 'It is a useful mare; I thought you could do with it' I asked him how much he wanted for it, and he said ' 40.' I told him it was too much for me, but if he would like to leave it for a week to see what it was like, I would try to buy it. I told him it was too heavy for my work. He left it and said he had three useful vanners which I could have in the same way. Next day He brought these other vanners and left them for a while. Then he came to see what I was going to give him for them. I told him I would give him  30 for the big horse,  30 for one of the vanners, and  10 each for the other two. He said it was not enough, and I told him I should not give any more; have them or leave them, so he said, "All right, you had better have them." I said, "How did you pay him for them?" He said, "I paid him in money, gold." I said, What day was this and where?" He said, At Manor Road, I don't know the date, it may be at the end of the week." I said, "Was anybody there when you had this transaction?" He said, "No, there was nobody there, then." I said, "Did you get a receipt for these animals?" He said, "No, I did not trouble; I got the horses, that is my receipt." I said, "Where are the other three horses?" He said, "Why, they are in my stable." Then I went with Mr. Jackson to the stable and identified his horses. Later on, I told the prisoner I was not satisfied with his explanation and should charge him with receiving the four horses. He said, "I did not know it." I think when horses are paid for by cheque, that is accepted as a receipt. When the charge was read over to him, he said, "I am not guilty of that." Cross-examined. When charged he replied, "I did not know it"; that was in the last case, not the first one. I did not know when I first spoke to him that he had just come from Romford market. I did not think he was a little market merry. All the long questioning about Jackson's horses was after he was charged in the first case. After that he made a statement to Sergeant Phipp. I was rather a new arrival in the neighbourhood. Phipp had been there a long time. Possibly he would know Phipp better than he would know me. Detective-sergeant WILLIAM PHIPP, N Division. On January 11 at 7 p.m. I was at Forest Road Police Station and saw Brown. He said, "Can I see my son about my business?" I told him I would speak to the officer on duty. He then said, "I want to be straight with you, Mr. Phipp, I wish I had never seen the man Clark; I am done; it has put me in a fine hole. The first I saw of him was in August, when he brought three horses to me; one is now in my stable, a young four-year-old; it is in the top stall; the other two I sold to a farmer named Good or Goodman for  70. I hope you will not take these horses away at present, as it will upset my business; they will have nothing to work with; I would buy them of the owners if they like; I have never been in any trouble before; do you think they will let me have bail to-morrow?" I know him well. He has three farms and 50 or 60 horses now. Next morning, while I was conveying him in a cab to the court, he said, "I bought one or two other things from Clark, a grey horse, which is on hire at Warren's, Holloway coal dep t, also a pony and car, which are at the Manor House Farm." I saw the grey cob and the two geldings at Walham Green and Mr. Jackson's mare at Stutchbury's stable. I saw the other three horses obtained from Jackson at Bull's Farm in Brown's occupation, also a bay mare belonging to Mr. Mortlake. I saw at Messrs. Warren's dep t Mr. Dixon's grey cart horse, also Miss Mousley's pony and trap and rug, with articles wrapped up in it, at the Manor House Farm. Cross-examined. Brown is in a large way of business now, both as a farmer and a contractor. He keeps a great number of pigs. I should think he is constantly buying and selling horses. I have known him for six or seven years. I do not remember two receipts being produced at the police court for these very horses. I did not see them. I do not know that Brown when first arrested by Bedford and me had just come from Romford market. I do not think he was a little merry. It was on his own account that he sent for me and told me he was in a fine hole. (Tuesday. March 5.) (Defence.) FRANK WILLIAM BROWN (prisoner, on oath). I have three farms at Walthamstow, comprising 150 acres. I also contract with West End hotels for the removal of waste food and fat. For these purposes I work 24 horses, principally van horses. I have two butcher's and one provision shops, which my son superintends. I used to live at 6, Manor Road. When my son married 12 months ago he went to live there and I moved to Manor Farm. The money from the shops, from  80 to  110 a week, is kept in a safe in his bedroom there; it is purely a cash business. The takings as they go into the safe are mostly in gold. The contents of the safe are insured for  150, and this is the policy (produced). I first met Hubbard at a horse auction in Spitalfields about last August. He asked me what kind of horses I was looking for, and I told him vanners for 'buses. He said he sometimes had that class of horse for sale. I gave him my card and he told me his name was Clark and he lived in the Cattle Market, Caledonian Road; he appeared to be a dealing man. On October 2 he telephoned me and said he had two horses he thought would suit him. He had previously brought me a horse which I had rejected. He told me these horses were at the Warwick stables. I went that afternoon and saw the horses, and I said they were too heavy for my work, but I thought I knew someone who could co with them; I said they were not sound. He wanted  130, but I said that was too much. He agreed to take  101, and I was to have them a week on trial. After the deal two men drove me home in a governess cart; I have known one of those men since was named Russell, and has been convicted; I thought at the time they were respectable. About 3 p.m. Clark brought the horses to me. On the way in the trap they said they had a colt, which had broken its knees, turned out to grass at Ongar, and Russell asked me if I would graze it for them. I arranged to send for it at the "Lion," Ongar, and to graze it for 3s. a week. He asked me later if I had any stabling to let, and I said I had not. On reaching my farm I told Smith, my man, that the horses were coming. I went to Manor Road, where I learnt that the horses had come. I went back to the farm and found Clark with the horses. I told him of the arrangement I had made as to the colt. He said he had two more useful horses at Ongar and asked me to get my man to bring them back with the colt. On the following afternoon I sent May, who happened to have a day off, to Ongar, giving him 10s., which Clark said he would pay me. He returned with the grey mare, grey horse, and black horse, which I turned out into the field. I next saw Clark on October 5, and I told him I had got the horses home all right. He tried to sell me the grey horse and grey mare for  20 each, but I said  20 was their full value, as the grey mare had been down, and the grey horse was a shiverer; I would have nothing to do with the black horse. On about the 10th I settled with him for the first three. On Mr. Gordon's suggestion I sold two of them to Messrs. Goodman for  70; I thought when buying them they would do for Warrens, the coal merchants, but they would not suit them. On October 10 Clarke came to 6, Manor Road, for the money for the three horses. He preferred cash, so I gave him  100 10s. in cash from the safe, in the presence of my son and daughter, and I produce the receipt. It was then that I offered him  20 a piece for the colt and the grey horse. He asked me if 1 could do with the pony and trap, and thinking they would be useful for the missus I bought them for  15 after bargaining. I had not sufficient ready cash to pay him then, as be wanted the money. He took away the black horse a day or two after. On October 17 he came for his money. I paid him  55 in the presence of my son at 6, Manor Road, and he gave me this receipt (produced). He said if he had any more useful horses he would let me know. At about the beginning of December he telephoned me saying that he had a good vanner for which he wanted  40. He brought it next morning. I said I had no use for it as I had plenty of farm horses, but I eventually bought it for  31 10s. He said he had two cheap and one young vanner, and he agreed to send them down next morning for me to look at; he asked about  60 for them. They came next morning. About four days later he rang me up and asked if they suited. I said I would give him what they were worth. He came that afternoon to Bull's Farm where I was seeing a Mr. Binley on business. I went with him (Clark) to 6, Manor Road, and I agreed to pay him 30 guineas for a big vanner which he brought first, and  10 each for another two, and  30 for a five-year-old one, as I was short of vanners at that time,  81 10s. in all. He showed me a receipt for  85 that he had paid for them, and told me where he had got them, but I said he had bought them too dear. I paid him in cash in the presence of my son. He did not give me a receipt on that occasion as we had no stamp I had the horses and so I was all right. I had no idea that anything I bought from him had been obtained by fraud. I sold one of these horses to Stutchbury for  38 because he took a fancy to it; he saw it at work in the streets; he paid me a cheque on January 3, but I did not pay it in until January 10. I had other animals working in my vans; I did nothing whatever to alter their appearance; they were pasturing on my farms, which are perfectly open. One of them I let out on hire to Warrens. When I was arrested I had been to Romford market; I was taken by surprise and hardly knew what I was saying. It was quite true when I said I had no receipt for the single horse that was grazing at Manor House Farm; nothing else was said about receipts. I had forgotten all about the other receipts at the time. When kept in custody for 24 hours my son found them and they were handed to the magistrate. Cross-examined. I generally keep 24 horses and I had that number in October. I bought these horses for my business as I wanted them. I had six in foal, but they were not included in the 24. Six of my 24 others were not fit for work. All of these nine horses I bought were put to work except the grey colt. I did not buy Parker's heavy horses to work; I bought them to sell at a profit; I had work that I could put them at, but as I could sell them at a profit I did so. I put Dickson's horse in one of my vans; I only hired it to Warren's as they were short. To take the place of Parker's horses that I sold I bought two from Jennings; I have no document to show that, but he is in court to substantiate that. I did not buy any horses to take the place of Dickson's and Jackson's that I sold. The  195 18s. 6d. drawn on my account on October 19 I paid in complete payment of the freehold of one of my shops. Last summer I borrowed  100, part of which I paid back in December; I borrowed it to put in the business, as the outgoings in summer for haymaking, etc., are more than the incomings. I could not use the money from the butcher's shop, as that was wanted for restocking. I got back the money that I had paid for the horses by realising in autumn on my haystacks and live stock; in about September I got a cheque for  200 from Ballard for crops, and I had that money to spend in October. I say that the money that took the place of the money I took out of the safe came from the cash takings every week in the business. Out of the takings I buy the meat; I never draw cheques for that. I do not know that I drew cheques for the  237 I had paid for the horses to put back in the safe. I agree that by September 30 my bank account shows nothing paid for horses. Before the magistrate I called no witnesses, neither did I give evidence myself. I know that my solicitor also appears for Clark, but I was not consulted in the matter; I saw no reason to object. When I told the police that I had not seen Clark since I had bought the horse that they were inquiring about from him, I was in such a state that I was not responsible for what I was saying. They said they had only come about that one horse, and I appreciated it was the grey mare that had broken its knees; they did not question me about the other two horses that I had bought at the same time so I said nothing about them. It was true when I said I had bought it from a dealer; I meant Clark. It did not occur to me that I had seen him again in December. I may have told Bedford that nobody was present when I bought the grey mare, but that was not correct, as my son was there. In giving  55 for the two horses and pony and cart with accessories, I was giving full value for them. I did not ask Clark where they came from. I had no reason to ask him where he had got any of his horses from. About November I heard that the man whom I saw with him, Thompson, was arrested, but I had no reason to think he was working with him, for the reason that I saw the man who was actually working with him afterwards. The fact that Clark sold me horses for less than he said he had given for them caused me no surprise; I had bought horses and lost on them many a time. (Mr. Bodkin proposed to put to witness statements Hubbard had made on his arrest. Mr. Wild objected and the Recorder upheld the objection.) I read an account of what Clark said before the justices. I have not seen any statement that he made. (Mr. Wild objected to this statement being put to witness on the ground that what he said in that statement was not evidence against prisoner, having been stated in his absence. This objection the Recorder upheld, stating that it was always open to the prosecution to call Hubbard.) Re-examined. While I have been waiting for trial Clark was arrested; I had nothing to do with him in the meantime. Since Thompson was arrested I have seen the man who was working with Clark, and I in no way connected Thompson with Clark. The pony that he had sold me had been driven to death; I have made it a little better now. When arrested I had had a few drinks. My balance at the bank was  211 on October 16 and on the 17th  218. I keep no books. FRANK BROWN, 6, Manor Road. I am a son of prisoner. The managers of the shops accounted to me for their takings. I keep the key of the safe which is in my bedroom. I remember Hubbard, whom I knew as Clark, bringing three horses in October. I remember hint coming a week later when my father paid him  100 10s. which I got from the safe. He wrote out this receipt (produced). They had an argument about three horses and my father agreed to buy two greys. About a week after Clark came and my father paid him  55, which I again fetched from the safe; he gave a receipt (produced). I found these receipts in one of my father's pockets when he was in custody; I gave them to Mr. Sherman, who gave them to the Chairman of the Bench. The next I saw of Clark was in December. I heard he had bought a mare. Later that week he was paid  81 10s., which I brought from the safe; my father had previously rung me up and asked me if I had the money in the house and then they came. A receipt was not given as there was no stamp. Cross-examined. I am a foreman of vans in London, but I am generally at home after lunch. The money in the safe was the weekly takings from the shops; we do not keep any permanent record of it. Provisions are sometimes paid for by cheque as well as out of the takings.  101 is nothing extraordinary. We keep  150; I have had  200 in the safe and we let the money accumulate again. The takings of the three shops average a little over  100 a week. We tike more on Saturdays than other days. I was not present when my father was first seen by the police officers. I went in and out. I heard a remark about horses they were inquiring about, and a grey horse, I think. I looked in my father's pockets for receipts because I knew there were some. I left them on the table. I did not inquire where Clark was after my father was charged. If I had seen him I should have had him arrested. I thought I could rely on the police to find him. I did not see him the day my father was arrested or on the remand day or have any communication with him. I saw those two receipts written in my house. The reason there was no receipt given for the  81 10s. was because we had not a stamp, and I think my father told Clark it did not matter. I did not put a slip of paper in the safe to show what I had taken out. We usually have trouble in the autumn with the horses. The wet and sweat cause them to break out in sores and the harness rubs them, and occasionally we have one or two sore shoulders. Last autumn we had 24 to 30 horses some working, some turned out, and some breeding 18 or 20 were for the business. Some were sick, I believe. I know we were very short. As far as I know nine horses were bought of Clark for the business. Re-examined. I collect fat from the hotels and have nothing to do with what horses my father buys or sells. I start work at 4 a.m. I have the key of the safe and they can't get money out without me. I only heard snatches of conversation between the police and my father. Nothing was said to warrant my interfering. I have left Clark to Scotland Yard. JOHN NOSWORTHY, Lee Bridge Road, Leyton, contractor. I am in large way of business and use about 50 horses and buy a number. I have had many transactions with prisoner and my father before me. On July 10 last he paid me  94 10s. in cash for horses. This is the receipt (produced). He uses a large number for his business. About Michaelmas last two or three men with three horses pulled into my yard, which I hire of the "Deer and Hounds." It is a livery yard and post-house. One of the men asked the way to the prisoner's premises. I told him. A day or so after prisoner asked me on the telephone if I could do with two or three horses. I went to him the following Sunday. He showed me the horses. I thought he was asking too much for them. He said, "I have already a client in hand and have as good as sold them." Two or three weeks before Christmas he asked me on the telephone about some horses which he wanted to buy or hire for his business, as he was busy and had five or six of his own laid up. I had none to sell but I lent him one to go along with. I buy horses at the repositories every day. It is not the custom to give receipts in England, Scotland, Wales, or Ireland. In many cases they are uneducated people and could not give receipts. Cross-examined. I buy horses of private people sometimes. I would buy a horse from a man I had never seen before. I should use a certain amount of judgment. I should ask him where he got it from. I gave the prisoner a receipt for a horse he bought of me. I asked him for an open cheque, and he said I could have cash if I preferred, and he paid me  94 10s. Reexamined. If a man were apparently respectable and I had met him at horse sales I should be perfectly willing to trust him. GEORGE SMYLIE, yard foreman, Bull's Farm. Some day in October a strange man brought three horses to Bull's Farm. I had seen prisoner there that day. He and Hubbard, I believe it was, had a conversation. Prisoner said he would give him  101. Four more horses came in December a mare in the morning and three later. Hubbard said to the prisoner, "How are you off for van horses?" He said, "I have plenty, but they are laid; up ill." He said, "I have three good ones I could sell you," and prisoner said, "Send them in the morning," and he said, "So I will," and he sent them the next day. I saw the dealer (Hubbard I believe it was) later in the week in the yard with prisoner. Prisoner said to him, "I will give you  81; come along with me and I will pay you." Cross-examined. I heard  81 not  81 10s. My hearing was all right then and is now, thank God. I am prisoner's yard foreman and have been with him for two years. I told prisoner after he was locked up that I heard this. He was very frightened when I reminded him of it. I know Mr. Sharman. He did not take down what I said. When he came to ask for the money he had to go up to prisoner's office. I don't keep the money at my mansion, or I might spend it. I saw Hubbard in October once after the three horses came. He did not come with them. EDWARD FRANK BINGLEY, dealer, Rose House, Tottenham. I have had dealings with Brown for some time. About the middle of December I was in his farm yard, Walthamstow. I wanted to sell him 50,000 or 60,000 wood-paving blocks. Brown and another man were having a deal. Brown said to the man, "I am going to have them, or lease them; I am going to give you  81 10s. for them and no more." The man said, "You had better have them," and he said, "All right, come up the road and I will square up with you," and he turned round to me and said, "I will see you in half an hour." The man is the one called Hubbard. I saw Brown about the blocks a few days after; they were for paving his yard. The deal came off later. He paid me in cash, about  40. I did not give a receipt. He said, "There is the money you won't have it twice over." Cross-examined. The conversation about the horses did not concern me. I was in a yard where a gate parted the two yards. I could not help hearing what they said. About a month or six weeks after Brown said, Do you remember my having a deal with a man about some horses?" and I said, "Yes." Of course, I am sure it was  81 10s. mentioned. JOHN JENNINGS, cow dealer, Lower Edmonton. I have known Brown for many years and had a lot of dealings with him. I sell him horses and lots of fat cows. He bought a horse of me at Christmas for  27. I think he paid me by cheque. I had another deal with him after a mouse-coloured cob, for  20 for which he paid in cash. I also dealt with him for a fresh calf-cow and sold him a black mare. We exchanged and I paid him the difference. I have always known him as a straightforward, honest man. HENRY YOUNG. In February or March last year I bought some mangel wurzel of Hubbard. This is the receipt (produced). He afterwards offered to sell me a horse, which I did not buy. It was bought by Mr. Causton. I always took him to be a respectable person. If I had wanted the horse I should have bought it. JAMES CAUSTON, carman and contractor, Lower Tottenham. I bought a horse and van in exchange of Hubbard last March and gave him  15 and three days after I had to buy it of Smith, a farmer, again. Hubbard had no right to sell it. I got some of the money back. The horse, I found, was not paid for in the first place. I thought he was an honest man. Cross-examined. I have known Brown for four or five years. He told me a month or so ago he had bought a horse of some man. He passed under the name of Frederick Hubbard. That is the receipt he gave me: "Received of James Causton the sum of  15, chestnut carthorse, value  40." I cannot read or write. I should not have dealt with him if I had not thought he was a respectable man. Several witnesses to character were called. (Wednesday, March 6.) Verdict (Brown), Not guilty. Hubbard was stated to have been concerned in a large number of cases of fraudulently obtaining horses by means of forged cheques in various counties, there being 15 warrants out besides the present case. He desired that all the charges should be taken into consideration. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. STUCKEY, John Albert (32, goldsmith), pleaded guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house of Harry Gray and stealing therein one watch and other articles, his goods. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction of felony at the Newington Sessions on November 8, 1910. A number of convictions dating from November 26, 1906, were proved. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Wednesday, February 28.) JONES, Arthur (24, miner), pleaded guilty of, on January 30, 1912, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of the Royal Wimbledon Golf Club and stealing therein 14 boxes of cigars, 100 cheroots, and other articles, their goods; on January 9, 1912, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of the said club and stealing therein  4 13s. 6d., two cheques for  21 5s. and  5 respectively, one bottle of whisky and other articles, their goods; assaulting John Gillan, an officer of the Metropolitan police, in the execution of his duty. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction of felony at the Middlesex Sessions on June 5, 1909, when he was sentenced to two years' hard labour. It was stated that Police-constable John Gillan's leg had been severely injured. Four further convictions dating from February 21, 1904, were proved, and prisoner was stated to be an associate of thieves. Sentence: Three years' penal servitude. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Wednesday, February 28.) LUXTON, Samuel (30, painter), and LUXTON, Cecil George (17, clerk), breaking and entering the dwelling-house of Frank Sydney Beaman and stealing therein two salvers and other articles, his goods, and feloniously receiving some. Cecil George Luxton pleaded guilty; the prosecution offered no evidence against Samuel Luxton and a verdict of Not Guilty was entered. His brother undertaking to look after him, Cecil George was released on his own recognisances in  10 and those of his brother in a like amount to come up for judgment if called upon. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Tuesday, March 5.) BALLER, Frederick (23, stonemason), breaking and entering the dwelling-house of John Henry Brierley and stealing therein one jug and one dish, his goods; receiving the same knowing them to have been stolen. Mr. Tully-Christie prosecuted. JOHN HENRY BRIERLEY, 170, Sheen Road, Richmond. I locked my house up on the evening of February 3. Next morning I found the larder window open, top and bottom, and on the larder shelf there was a partly consumed bunch of grapes, on the window-sill outside a glass dish. I also saw a considerable number of burnt matches on the shelf, window-sill and staircase of a kind not used in the house. On the window-sill I found the mark of a boot heel. I missed a plated jug and a butter-dish stand. I have since seen those. I put the value of 6s. on Exhibit 1. CECILIA BEASLEY, 14, Lower Mortlake Road, Richmond, general dealer. At 4.30 p.m. on February 5 prisoner came to my shop. He said, "Is the governor at home?" I said "No." He asked 2s. for the butter-dish and cream jug. I said, "They are of no value; I will give you 1s.; I hope these things are not stolen." He said, "No, I should not bring them to you if they were." I had never seen prisoner before. Cross-examined by prisoner. I think you did say they belonged to a friend of yours. Police-constable ROBERT BROWN, 757 V. I was on duty in plain clothes on February 5. I saw defendant enter the shop of last witness. I saw him leave. Next day, at eight o'clock, I went to her shop, when I saw some property which answered the description of some property stolen from 170, Sheen Road. At 10.20 I saw prisoner in Lower Mortlake Road. I told him I was a police officer and should arrest him on suspicion of house-breaking at 170, Sheen Road. He replied, "You will have to prove it." I told him I saw him come out of the shop, 16, Lower Mortlake Road. He said, "I saw you." I took him to the station, where he was charged. In reply he said, "I deny it." To prisoner. When you came out of the shop there was a man waiting outside for you. I believe he is an Army pensioner. You crossed the road in his company; you passed me. When I arrested you on the following Tuesday you did not seem surprised. Police-constable Tompkins, in answer to your question, said you would be told all the particulars when you got to the station. I never heard you say you had nothing to fear. I do not recollect you saying you could prove where you were at the time this occurred. Police-constable JAMES TOMPKINS, 441 V. I saw prisoner leave the second hand shop on February 5 at 4.30. He crossed the road with a friend in the direction of the "Blue Anchor" public-house. At 10.25 next evening I assisted to arrest him. On the way to the station he came quiet enough till he got to the railway bridge, then he struck me a blow in the mouth, causing my lips to bleed. When charged he said, "I am not guilty. You will have to prove it." To prisoner. The blow was wilfully struck. Sergeant THOMAS BOCK. I was present when prisoner was brought into the station. I said to him, "Do you want to be put up for identification," He said, "Why?" I said, "Yesterday afternoon you sold a butter-dish and jug in the Lower Mortlake Road for 1s." He said, "That is quite right. I did sell them. I got 1s. for them, but the woman must identify me as the one who sold them. Supposing I say I did not sell them, how do I go on? The most you can do is charging me with unlawful possession." I said, "Yes, we will put you up for identification as soon as we can get the men." He said, "I want men as near like me as you can get them." We then got in a number of men and prisoner objected to five of them. Mrs. Beasley identified him just as the men were leaving the station. FLORENCE EMMS, 18, Worple Way, Richmond. On February 3 I was employed by prosecutor. The window was closed when I left in the evening. The following morning I found the window open top and bottom and things outside on the window-sill. I told Miss Dodsworth, who was in the house. (Defence.) RILEY HUGHES. (To prisoner.) On the night of February 2 I was in your company at Shepherd's Bush. You stayed with me on Thursday and Friday nights there. Between Christmas and now you have not seen me more than twice. The reason I came to Richmond the night I was arrested was to find out whether you were in custody and to see if I could get money to get a solicitor for you because I knew you were innocent of housebreaking. (To the Judge.) I committed a burglary to try and get the money to get a solicitor for this man. I was caught in the act of doing it. I have been convicted for that. (To prisoner.) I did not come to Richmond with the intention of seeing the police to try and clear you of this charge, because I should have been giving myself up. (To the Judge.) I heard this man was in custody accused of housebreaking and I knew at that time he was with me, so he must have been innocent. After that I was caught and I thought to myself, "Well, I will see if I can get a mouthpiece for this man." Cross-examined. I have been going about with prisoner up to Christmas. Since then I have seen him two or three times. I committed a burglary; I do not know whether it was Sheen Road; it was the back of the police station. I do not know the date. I done it alone. FREDERICK BALLER (prisoner, on oath). I am charged with breaking and entering this gentleman's house between the night of February 2 and 3. The prosecution have offered no evidence against me whatever. JUDGE RENTOUL. No; there is no evidence of breaking into this house at all. It is being in possession of this stolen property. Prisoner. I believe it was Monday, February 5, I was walking with a man that was seen in my company opposite this woman's shop. I was asked by him to dispose of this property. When he gave it into my possession I believed he got it in an honest way. He assured me it was given him by his mother; she had it given to her where she was working. If I had known this property was stolen I should not have taken it to this woman's shop, which is only a few yards from my own door. Cross-examined. I received the goods from this man about three, Monday afternoon. He is a man known to the police. I cannot disclose his identity. He has been very good to me when I have been in distress. I sold them, but I did not know they were stolen. If I had known I should not go and sell them to an honest woman. The man had tried to sell them himself but had not succeeded, and he asked me to sell them for him. Verdict, Guilty of unlawful possession. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction. Other convictions were proved. Sentence: Twelve months' hard labour. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Friday, March 8.) SLATER, William (22, gardener), POWELL, Patrick (23, labourer), and SHERSHEWSKY. Lewis, 30, jeweller; Slater and Powell breaking and entering the dwelling-house of Francis William Garlick Catsell and stealing therein one hand glass and other articles, and  1 6s. 4d., his goods and moneys; Slater breaking and entering the dwelling-house of Oswald Carpenter and stealing therein two brooches and other articles, the goods of Daisy Ida Carpenter; Shershewsky feloniously receiving two brooches, one pendant, one bangle and other articles, the goods of Daisy Ida Carpenter, well knowing them to have been stolen. Mr. Warburton prosecuted; Mr. Tully-Christie and Mr. Purcell defended Shershewsky. Slater and Powell were first tried for house-breaking. Police-constable FREDERICK WELSH, 487 N. Shortly before 8 p.m. on Saturday, February 10, I was in plain clothes in Wilton Crescent, Vimbledon, when I heard a dog barking loudly; shortly afterwards the two prisoners, whom I have known for the last 18 months, came up the road. I told them I was a police officer, and wanted to know what they were doing in the road. They told me they had been to see a young lady. I asked them where the young lady lived. They said, "Just back here in one of these houses." I said, "I am not satisfied with your statement about the young lady. I will go back and see her." As we were going along Powell tripped me up and they both ran away. I gave chase and caught Slater. He was very violent. As we were struggling he put his hand in his pocket and threw something into the garden of Nos. 8 and 9, Wilton Gardens. I threatened to use my truncheon on him. He said, "All right, I will go to the station." A uniformed officer then came up; I told him in the presence of Slater, "He has thrown some jewellery in these gardens." The officer then searched the gardens. On the way to the station Slater said, "It is a pity you got me, I was going to get married in about a month's time. You ought to have got the other chap, he was loaded with stuff and had a stick on him (meaning a jemmy) as well." On searching him I found six pocket handkerchiefs, one silk handkerchief, the stopper of an electric torch, a watch, a bracelet, a ring, and sleeve-links, which have all been identified by prosecutor. In company with other officers I afterwards went to 14, Great Dover Street, Wandsworth, and arrested Powell. When charged he smiled and said, "I suppose Slater has shopped me." Powell is now wearing a black bandage over his eye; he was not wearing that when arrested. FRANCIS WILLIAM GARLICH CATSELL, 22, Wilton Gardens, Wimbledon, surveyor of taxes. On Saturday, February 10, I left my house quite safe. When I returned home at 10.30 p.m. I found the whole place in disorder; the police were there. The glass of the back door was broken and the door was forced. Articles produced with the exception of the handkerchiefs are my property and disappeared on that night. EDITH MARTIN, domestic servant to the last witness. At 6 p.m. on February 10 I left the house securely locked up with nobody in it; when I returned at 10 p.m. I tried my key in the front door, but could not get in. I got in by the back door, which had been broken open, everything, was in disorder, and the front door had been bolted on the inside. Detective-constable CONSTANTINE WOODS. At noon on Sunday, February 11, I went to 14, Great Dover Street, Wandsworth, where I saw Powell in bed. I told him I was a police officer from Wimbledon and was going to arrest him for being concerned with Slater in breaking into 22, Wilton Crescent, and stealing jewellery to the value of  12. He said, "Who sent you here?" I said, "You were with Slater last night when you both broke into the house, Slater was arrested and you escaped. You answer the description of the man, and your photograph has been identified." He said, "I suppose Slater shopped me," meaning gave him away. I called Police-constable Welsh into the room, and in the presence of Powell I said, "Is this the man?" Police-constable Walsh said, "Yes that is him." I told Powell I should search the room; he said, "You will find nothing tare, all the stuff I had I threw away." Police-constable ARTHUR LYONS, 760V. About 8 p.m. on February 10 I went to Wilton Crescent, in answer to a police whistle, and found Police-constable Welsh struggling with Slater. I afterwards searched the garden of No. 10, Wilton Crescent, and found an electric torch and an automatic toy pistol; on the pavement outside I found a yellow metal locket and a yellow metal charm (produced). Police-constable CHARLES ANGLESTEIN, 635V, deposed to finding a gold pendant, metal brooch, and signet ring at No. 8. Francis William Garlick Catsell identified these articles as his property. WILLIAM SLATER (prisoner, not on oath). As I was coming along Wilton Crescent in company with another man Police-constable Welsh stopped me and asked me where I was going. I told him I was going home. He started searching me. The man who was with me tripped Welsh up and ran away, while I fell over with Welsh. He used me so violently that he tore the collar of my coat off. I had just met the fellow I was with and had not really recognised him. I did not say that the other man had a lot of stuff on him. PATRICK POWELL (prisoner, not on oath). On February 10 I was at work from 6 a.m. till 8 p.m. Police-constable Welsh has not known me for 18 months; he has never seen me before in his life. I want to call Slater as a witness to prove that I was not with him on the Saturday. The Recorder. You cannot call the prisoner Slater, because he has not pleaded guilty. Verdict (both), Guilty. Slater and Shershewsky were then tried with regard to the breaking and entering the dwelling-house pf Oswald Carpenter, and feloniously receiving the property. DAISY IDA CARPENTER, 37, Kenilworth Avenue, Wimbledon, wife of Oswald Carpenter, secretary. At between 5 and 6 p.m. on February 9 I left my house quite safe, with no one in it; when I returned soon after 1 a.m. I found the house had been entered by the scullery window; everything was in confusion. The bracelet, gold bangle, a little nugget of gold, two brooches, a pin, a silver mirror, a silver-backed brush, four silk handkerchiefs, a pair of pants, a knife guard, a little clock, a pillow-slip, a nightgown, bedspread (produced) are my property and were missing that night. Detective-sergeant JOHN GILLON. At 1.30 p.m. on February 12, I, in company with Police-constable Woods, went to 36, York Road, Battersea, which is a small jeweller's, a watch-repairing shop occupied by Shershewsky. I said to him, "We are police officers. Are you the proprietor?" He said, "Yes." I said, "On Friday night last 37, Kenilworth Avenue, Wimbledon, was broken into; we have got two men in custody, ages 22 and 23, for committing the offence. Amongst other things stolen were two gold brooches, a gold pendant, one gold bangle, one hair brush with silver-mounted back, one gold locket, one silverbacked mirror, a pair of glove stretchers." I handed him a list and asked him to read it. I said, "These articles have not been recovered, and we have got good reason to believe that you purchased them from the two men in custody on Saturday last." I cautioned him. He said, "I have not seen the articles and therefore I cannot have purchased them. I do not know the men you refer to." The only description I had given of the men was that there ages were 22 and 23. He said, "Search my shop." At the same time he went to a locker and produced a rolled-gold watch and chain, and said, "These are the only articles I purchased on Saturday last." I said, "Knowing what I do know I am not satisfied with your statements; I believe you are telling me lies." Turning round to Police-constable Woods I said, You stop here whilst I go to Whitechapel and Houndsditch and make inquiries." As I was about to leave the shop Shershewsky called me back, saying, "Here you seem to know a lot about these things suppose I bought them and sold them to somebody else, what then?" I said, "If they purchased them genuinely they have got nothing to fear." He said, Well, from what I can see of it, if I do not tell you you will find out. I am sorry 1 did not tell you the truth when you came in. On Saturday morning I bought two brooches, a bangle, a locket, and a pendant, a hair brush, mirror, and glove stretchers from two young fellows. I paid 10s. for them. One of them had a patch over his eye. I sold the brooches, bangle, and pendant to Laytons, Osborne Street, Whitechapel; amongst them was a bird's-eye brooch belonging to my wife. I sold them at 28s. the lot." That would be the two brooches, the pendant and bangle. He said, "The hairbrush, mirror and glove stretchers I sold to Marks Plotkin, Houndsditch." I then made inquiries and found his statements to be correct. When I returned I told Shershewsky that I had heard the jewellery was broken up. He said, "Oh, yes, that is right, I forgot to tell you that." I conveyed him to the police-station. When charged he said, "Well, I did not exactly know they were stolen." Cross-examined by Mr. Tully-Christie. I have known Shershewsky four years. He is a Polish Jew and was naturalised last November. He speaks English fluently. He has never had any charge made against him before. Police-constable CONSTANTINE WOODS corroborated. When Sergeant Gillon left to make inquiries I remained with Shershewsky. He said to me, "I am very sorry I bought that now. Of course I knew it was stolen. I am very sorry I told him a lie about that bangle. I did not sell it in Osborne Street, I sold it to the old gentleman who has just gone out of the house." Presently an old man who had been in the shop returned, and Shershewsky said to him, "Have you got that bangle I sold you?" The old man then went and got the bangle. I asked him in the presence of Shershewsky how much he gave for it, he replied "5s." He gave his name as George Williams. Cross-examined. I took a note of what was said. In my note of "I am very sorry I bought that now of course I knew it was stolen" there are no commas. It could not have been, "I am very sorry I bought that. Now of course I know it was stolen." Further examined. At about 9 p.m. on February 101 visited No. 1, Graveney Road, which is the house where Slater lives with his parents, I found in a bedroom a clock on the mantelpiece, a bed-spread on the bed, a pillow-slip, a nightdress, a pair of pants; the young woman with whom Slater has been keeping company gave me four silk handkerchiefs. All those articles have been identified by Mrs. Carpenter. When charged Slater gave his address at 1, Graveney Road; he said, you may do me for receiving, but you cannot for housebreaking." MARKS PLOTKIN, jeweller, 106, Houndsditch. On Sunday, February 11. Shershewsky, whom I have known for three years, came to my shop and sold me the brush, mirror, and glove stretcher produced for 8s. He told me he took them in exchange from a customer. I did not think them very cheap. As a matter of fact I sold them for 6s. He also offered me some broken jewellery, which I did not buy. To Mr. Tully-Christie. I have always found Shershewsky strictly honest. JOSEPH LAYTON, 17, Osborne Street, Whitechapel, jeweller. I have known. Shershewsky for two years. Between 12 and 2 p.m. on Sunday, February 11, he called on me, as Was his custom, and brought me some broken jewellery, including a bird brooch and a wedding ring, for which I paid him 26s., which was the market price for that weight of gold. That same afternoon I melted it down into nugget produced. He has always borne a good character. GEORGE WILLIAMS, 51, Darien Road, Battersea. I have known Shershewsky for two years; I run errands for him. On February 12, between 1 and 2 p.m., I saw bangle (produced) on his shop bench; I asked him to sell it to me, and bought it for 5s. On Monday the police asked me for it and I gave it to them. Cross-examined by Mr. Tully-Christie. It is common for working jewellers like Shershewsky to have pieces of broken jewellery. Detective SIDNEY PHIPPS, V Division. It is customary for the police to circulate an official "Pawn List" of articles stolen among pawnbrokers, and to tell them to communicate with the police if they are offered any such articles. At. midday on Saturday, February 10, I landed Shershewsky a private list (produced) containing, among other things, the property stolen from Mrs. Carpenter's house. I told him that was property stolen from Wimbledon, and asked him to make a careful search, and if anybody should come and bring it to him he was to notify the police at once. He replied, "All right." As he seemed to read it hurriedly, I read it out to him. EDWARD ALFRED TAYLOR, Broadway Market, Wimbledon. I have been a jeweller for 25 years I estimate the retail medium price of the silver-backed brush at 12s. 6d., the mirror at 18s. 6d., the glove stretchers at 5s., the gold bracelet at 25s. or 30s. I consider 8s. for the silver things is a perfectly ridiculous price. (Defence.) LEWIS SHERSHEWSKY (prisoner, on oath). I became a naturalized English subject last November; I produce my letters of naturalisation. Since 1907 I have carried on a jewellery and watchmaker's business at 30, York Road, Battersea. Sergeant Phipps called on me on Saturday, February 10, as I was opening my shop, gave me a paper, and said, Read it over." I looked at it. He told me if any such articles were brought to me I was at once to communicate with the police. At about noon the same day Slater and Powell called; Slater said he was going to get married and wanted a wedding-ring. They then produced the bangle, two brooches and a pendant, and said they wanted 12s. I weighed it and found it to be five pennyweights. As the gold would not have sold for more than 7s. 6d., I offered them 6s.; but as they refused I ultimately gave them 12s. That is a fair price. I bought them because I really did not know they were in Phipps's list. He did not read the list out to me. On Monday the police came and frightened me, and I said, "I have not seen anybody, and I have not bought it." I afterwards said I was a fool not to have told them before, and I gave them all the information in my power. I did not know they were stolen when I bought them. I said, "I am very sorry now, I can see they are stolen." Cross-examined. I did not see anything odd in two young men like Powell and Slater being in possession of part of a lady's toilet. When the officers came I first of all denied all knowledge of these things. I disposed of the things at once, because I was short of money. Three jewellers were called, who stated that Shershewsky had a good character for honesty and truth. WILLIAM SLATER (prisoner, not on oath). At 10 p.m. on Friday, February 9, I bought this stolen property from a man whom I have seen once or twice in the streets selling plants. I do not know his address. After I was arrested I gave a description of the man to Police-constable Woods. I did not know it was stolen property. I sold part of that property to Shershewsky. I did not break into Mrs. Carpenter's house. The Recorder directed that there was no evidence of housebreaking. Verdict (both), Guilty of felonious possession. Slater confessed to having been convicted at Newington Sessions on June 30, 1911, receiving nine months' hard labour for housebreaking; Powell confessed to having been convicted at Newington Sessions on March 21, 1911, in the name of Robert Handyside, receiving 12 months' hard labour for housebreaking and receiving, after four previous convictions for felony and three summary convictions; Slater was bound over at the South-Western Police Court on October 1, 1910, and on February 24, 1911, for loitering. He was stated to have been in the Army reserve for a short time, from which he deserted. His father and brother were convicted housebreakers; Powell was stated to be rather weak-minded and easily led away. Owing to statements made by convicts Shershewsky had long been suspected of receiving stolen property. Sentences: Slater and Powell (each), Eighteen months' hard labour for housebreaking; Slater, Nine months' hard labour for receiving, to run concurrently; Shershewsky, Fifteen months' hard labour. SEDDON, Frederick Henry (40, insurance superintendent), and SEDDON, Margaret Ann (34), wilful murder of Eliza Mary Barrow. The Attorney-General (Sir Rufus D. Isaacs, K.C.V.O., K.C., M.P.), Mr. Muir, Mr. Rowlatt, and Mr. Travers Humphreys prosecuted; Mr. Marshall Hall, K.C., M.P., Mr. R. Dunstan, and Mr. J. Wellesley Orr defended F. H. Seddon; Mr. Gervais Rentoul defended M. A. Seddon. Police-constable Percy ATTERSALL, 266 E, proved plans for use in the case. ROBERT ERNEST HOOK, engine driver, St. Austell, Cornwall. I knew Miss Barrow since 1896; she was then staying with my mother at Edmonton. On my mother's death in 1902 Miss Barrow went to live with my sister, Mrs. Grant, at 43, Roderick Road, Hampstead. I was then living there. In October, 1906, I knew that Miss Barrow had money in her possession; I helped her to count it; it was loose coins, and these were put into bags; altogether there was  420 put into bags; besides this gold there were banknotes; the coin and notes she put into a cashbox. On Mrs. Grant's death in November, 1908, Miss Barrow went to live at 53, Wolsley Avenue, with Mr. and Mrs. Kemp. She then went to live with a cousin, Frank Vonderahe, at 31, Hampstead Road, and continued there till July 26, 1910, when she moved to 63, Tollington Park. On the same day I and my sister took rooms at the same address. My sister died, leaving two children. Ernest and Hilda. Ernest continued to live with Miss Barrow; Hilda was sent to an orphanage at St. Margaret's. Ernest was then about eight years old. At 63, Tollington Park the arrangement with Miss Barrow was that my wife and myself should live rent free, my wife to teach her housekeeping and cooking. After the first time I saw deceased with money in her cashbox I next saw the cashbox at 31, Evershot Road; I saw it there on three different occasions. I also saw it on half a dozen occasions at 63, Tollington Park. In it there were bags containing each  20 in gold and some banknotes underneath the tray. At 63, Tollington Park, Miss Barrow had four rooms on the top (second) floor, two bedrooms, a kitchen, and a room unfurnished. My wife and I occupied the back bedroom. Ernest slept with Miss Barrow. My wife and I went there on the Tuesday before August Bank Holiday and left after a fortnight. On the Saturday before we left Miss Barrow and I went for a walk; we had a talk about the compensation for her public-house. She and I were always on good terms On the Sunday my wife and I and Ernest went to Barnet. Returning at six o'clock we found Miss Barrow was up; I had a friendly conversation with her. At ten that night Maggie Seddon brought me a notice to leave signed by Miss Barrow; I sent it back to her with a reply Later I saw Seddon; he said, "I see you do not mean to take any notice of Miss Barrow's notice to leave"; I said, "No, not this time of night"; she then told me I must clear out within 24 hours; he said that Miss Barrow had put all her affairs in his hands. I asked him if she had put her money in his hands; that seemed to surprise him; he said, "No." I said, "I will defy you and a regiment like you to get her money in your hands." He said he did not want her money, but he was going to look after her interests. At half past one in the morning I heard a rapping on my door and saw Seddon. He said, You will go out of here to-morrow morning." He had tacked on my door a notice, ordering me to leave within 24 hours, signed "F. Seddon, landlord and owner." I left at ten the next morning. I called there the following day with my brother. I have seen a will of Miss Barrow's; I saw it in her box on many occasions and also in her hand, the last time at 31, Evershot Road. Her habits with regard to money were very close and careful; she did not spend much. Cross-examined by Mr. Marshall Hall. After leaving 63, Tollington Park in August, 1910, I did not see Miss Barrow again. In November, 1911, I saw an account of the inquest, and I wrote to Chief Inspector Ward. I have been in the Army; in South Africa I had enteric fever, not very badly. I am 40 years old, about ten years younger than Miss Barrow was. She was no relation of mine; we had teen sweethearts. When she was living at my mother's house I saw her with a large sum of money. I first saw the cashbox at Mrs. Green's house. I do represent that Miss Barrow kept as much as  420 in gold besides notes in her cashbox. I knew that she had a deposit account at the Savings' Bank. I did not know that she also had an investment account. It is not true that my sister (Mrs. Grant) died of excessive drink; she did drink to excess. In 1906 I counted for Miss Barrow the money in the box; there was  420; I know the box could hold it, because I saw her put it into the box as I counted it. I helped to move from the Vonderahes to 63, Tollington Park, the move taking place between four and five. Creek helped me to load and unload; it was his cart. I carried the cashbox in my hand; it was covered up in an old apron and put in a brown handbag. I took the bag in the first instance to Evershot Road to put the cashbox in. The moving was not finished by five. I am certain we did not go into a public-house on the way while Miss Barrow held the horse's head; we stopped nowhere on our way. I had the bag in my hand the whole way. When we arrived there Creek brought in the chest of drawers; I gave the bag to Miss Barrow and she put it into the bottom drawer. I am certain she was the sort of woman who would keep gold of that amount in the house. I married on February 7, 1909. When I and my wife went with Miss Barrow to Tollington Park my wife was to give her lessons in housekeeping and cooking, and we were to have rooms rent free. She lent me 30s. to pay the expenses of moving my furniture and her's to Tollington Park. I exchanged some furniture with her, she giving me  3, the difference in value; this was about July, 1909. I was very hard up all this time. She was an old sweetheart of mine, and we were very great friends. It was a matter of importance to me that I should have these rooms rent free. She was not eccentric or bad-tempered. I did not think very badly of Seddon; I told him if he interfered with her money he would be in a rough corner. I warned her against him, and told her not to let any of her money go into his safe. I wrote her on August 8, 1910, in answer to her letter giving me notice because I had treated her badly. "As you are so impudent as to send' the letter to hand I wish to inform you that I shall require the return of my late mother's and sister's furniture and the expenses of my moving here and away." I knew she was very fond of Ernie and she would worry a lot if he went away from her, but that was not why I added this postscript, "I shall have to take Ernie with me as it is not safe to leave him with you"; I wrote that to save a lot of trouble; I knew her letter had been dictated by Seddon; he had got her under his thumb and she was likely to do anything, and I did not know what would become of the boy; it was meant for her to consider that notice. Between leaving the house and her death I never warned the Vonderahes or anybody that it was her money that Seddon was after; I went to Cornwall instead. I told Mr. Shepherd and another man about it. I never expected she would leave me her money. I knew it was no good seeing the Vonderahes, the nearest relatives, about it because they were just as helpless as I was. It was a pure delusion on her part that I had treated her badly. On the night she wrote me the letter she was crying because I had taken my wife and the boy out and left her. The furniture that I sold her belonged to my sister; I sold it to pay the quarter's rent for Hilda at the St. Margaret's Orphanage. It is not true that since my fever in South Africa a little drink makes me very excited. I do not know whether I am quick-tempered or not. I never frightened Miss Barrow or got excited with her. When shown a piece of jewellery at the police court I said I would not swear that it had belonged to Hilda; afterwards I said it did not. I identified this watch at once as belonging to Miss Barrow; I said I saw no difference in it. It had originally a white face and it has a gold face now. I never knew when I identified it that it had a white face; I did not turn the face up to have a look at it. I did look at the face. I know I had said before somewhere that I told Seddon it would take a whole regiment like him to get her money from her. I had no grounds to go to the police to inform them of the position between the Seddons and Miss Barrow. Cross-examined by Mr. Rentoul. I do suggest that Mrs. Seddon tried to influence Miss Barrow against me; I have never had the question put to me before; I have not changed my mind as to it. Re-examined. I was always on good terms with Miss Barrow when I lived with her. The distance from Evershot Road to Tollington Park would be, I think, from 50 to 80 yards. There was not a public-house the way we went. I made a statement on December 10. On November'25 I received an account of the inquest and put myself into communication with the authorities. To Mr. Marshall Hall. We did not go and have a drink when the van was loaded and we were about to start. FRANK ERNEST VONDERAHE, 160, Corbyn Street, Tollington Park. I formerly resided at 31, Evershot Road, leaving there in the June quarter of 1911. Deceased was my cousin; when she died she was 49 years old. She came to Jive with us in the early part of 1910 and remained 11 months, when she went to 63, Tollington Park. Ernest Grant lived with her and she paid us 35s. a week for her and the boy's keep. She was very kind to him. She had rather peculiar ways with her; she dressed rather poorly for her position. I knew she had  l,600 Three-and-a-Half per Cent. India Stock, rentals from the "Buck's Head" public-house,  105, and a barber's shop adjoining,  50, and she had, I believe, over  200 in the Finsbury Savings Bank. I saw on one occasion her cash box (Exhibit 2) open and in it there were what I took to be some bags of money and likewise a roll of banknotes, which were at the bottom below the tray. The bags were the same sort and colour that you get from the Bank containing  5 worth of silver. When on July 26 she went to 63, Tollington Park she took some furniture; I had nothing to do with the removal. I presume she took the cashbox. She left because she' got dissatisfied. I saw her several times subsequently in the Stroud Green Road and Tollington Park. I spoke to her; we were on friendly terms. I never went to see her at No. 63. I last saw her alive on August, 1911, in Tollington Park. About the commencement of November in the presence of Dr. Willcox, Dr. Spilsbury, and my brother I identified her dead body. On moving to Corbyn Street I gave notice of change of address to the post office and I have had letters delivered to my present address which had been addressed to Evershot Road. I never received a letter from male prisoner on or about September 14; I never received this letter addressed to me at 31, Evershot Road: "Bear Sir, I sincerely regret to have to inform you of the death of your cousin, Miss Eliza Mary Barrow, at 6 a.m. this morning from epidemic diarrhoea. The funeral will take place on Saturday next about one to two p.m. Please inform Albert Edward and Emma Marion Vonderahe of her decease and let me know if you or they wish to attend the funeral. I must also inform you that she made a will on the 11th inst. leaving what she died possessed of to Hilda and Ernest Grant and appointed myself as sole executor under the will. Yours respectfully, F.H. Seddon." I had a son who attended the same school as Ernest Grant. I had no notice of the deceased's burial; the first I knew of her death was on September 20 by inquiring at 63, Tollington Park; I had had some information given to me. On September 20 I saw a person whom I now know to be Mary Chater. (Mr. Marshall Hall stated he did not object to evidence being given of the conversation which ensued.) I asked to see deceased, and she said, "Don't you know she is dead and buried?" I said, "No, when did she die?" She said, Last Saturday, but if you will call about nine o'clock you will be able to see Mr. Seddon and he will tell you all about it." My wife and I called about 9.10 p.m., but we did not see him. My wife saw him the following day. On October 9 (I had not tried to see him before) I called with a friend, Thomas Walker, and saw him and has wife. I had never seen him before. He seemed to know who I was. He said to me, "Mr. Frank Ernest Vonderahe?" I said, "Yes." Turning to my friend, he said, "Mr. Albert Edward Vonderahe?"I said, "No, a friend of mine, my brother not being well enough to come." He said, "What do you want?" I said, "I have called to see the will of my cousin, and also to see the policy." He said, "I do not know why I should give you any information. You are not the eldest of the family. You have another brother of the name of Percy." I said, "Yes, but he might be dead for aught I know." He said, "I do not think so, but if so, you will have to swear an affidavit before a magistrate that he is dead. You have been making inquiries and talked about consulting a solicitor. It is about the best thing you can do." I said, "Who is the owner of the 'Buck's Head' now?" He said, "I am likewise the shop next door. I am always open to buy property. This house I live in, 14 rooms, is my own, and I have 17 other properties. I am always open to buy property at a price." I asked him how it was that ray cousin was buried in a common grave when she had a family vault at Highgate. He said, "I thought it was full up." I said, "Who bought the India Stock?" He said, "You will be able to write to the Governor of the Bank of England and ask him, but everything has been done in a perfectly legal manner through solicitors and stockbrokers. I have nothing to co with it." He said he had bought the "Buck's Head" and the barber's shop in the open market. As I was leaving I said, "How about this annuity? What did she pay for it?" He said, "Taking into consideration your cousin's age and if you inquire at any post office, you will find she paid at the rate of 17 for one, and she had an annuity of  3 a week." He did not tell me by whom she was paid the annuity and I did not know. I learnt of the annuity from the letter he sent to my wife dated September 21 (Exhibit 3): "To the relatives of the late Miss Eliza Mary Barrow, who died September 14th inst. at the above address from epidemic diarrhoea, certified by Dr. Sworn, 5, Highbury Crescent, N. Duration of illness 10 days. As executor under the will of Miss Barrow, dated September 11, 1911, I hereby certify that Miss Barrow has left all she died possessed of to Hilda and Ernest Grant, and appointed me as sole executor in trust until they become of age. Her property and investments she disposed of through solicitors and stockbrokers about October, 1910, last, to purchase a life annuity, which she received monthly up to the time of her death. The annuity died with her. She stated in writing that she did not wish any of her relatives to receive any benefit at her death. She had simply left furniture, jewellery, and clothing." It is signed "F.H. Seddon, Executor." I did not see him again until the inquest. After this interview I communicated with the Director of Public Prosecutions. I know for a fact that the family vault at Highgate is not full up. When I said I had come so see about "the policy" I meant the annuity that he had referred to in the letter. To Mr. Marshall Hall. Miss Barrow was not under the impression that the vault was full up; I did not speak to her about it during her lifetime; she had the proof of the grave. Hook came to visit her several times when she was with us. He was not always short of money; I daresay she gave him money; I cannot say that I knew he took the furniture from Mrs. Grant's house when Mrs. Grant died. I know he sold some to deceased, and I presume it was his to sell. The bags were in the two compartments of the tray of the cash box. I see you cannot shut the box if the lids are open; the lids were practically shut, but slightly up, when I saw the bags. There were some few bags underneath as well: I am aware I have not said that before; I was confused when I was giving evidence before. I saw the tray out for a few seconds. There might have been a leather purse underneath, but I could not swear to it. The cashbox is a very old one, I believe; it has a common lock upon it. I am no judge of cash boxes or tin boxes. Deceased once spat in my wife's face; she had very peculiar ways. After the last Budget she was very much worried about the Compensation Clause and she consulted me about her liability for the "Buck's Head." I drafted a letter for her on March 24, 1910, to the brewery solicitors. I will not swear that this letter (Exhibit 125) suggesting that she should be allowed to make certain deductions in respect of that property is the one; I cannot swear it is in my handwriting; I cannot recollect writing it; I will not swear that I did not tell male prisoner she had consulted me. (The witness on being asked gave a specimen of his hand writing Exhibit 126.) Deceased did not have a little bit of a quarrel while she was with us. This document, dated March 27, 1911 Exhibit 7), is very much like her handwriting; I have never seen it before. I should say that deceased saying we had been unkind to her was a delusion; there was no foundation for it. I should not have been surprised if she left us none of her property; she was such a peculiar woman and she might leave it to a perfect stranger. She wanted to know the reason why the licensing duties were increasing each year and she seemed worried about it. She did not consult me about the proposed taxation on land; she might have mentioned it at the time it was going on. She did not tell me that a friend of hers, a Mrs. Smith, had bought an annuity. I know Mrs. Smith was in receipt of an annuity about that time. I remember the day of the removal, but I could not say what time it took place as I was not there. She kept her cashbox in a trunk, which, I suppose, was moved with the other things. When I saw her subsequently in the street she did not meet other people that I know of. Sometimes she would get offended over nothing and not speak to people for a week at a time. I did not see Hook again after he left 163, Tollington Park. He knew my address. I never had any communication from him. About three or four days (it may have been more, more than a week) before September 20 I heard from my boy, who was attending the same school as Ernie, that Ernie was ill, and then afterwards we heard that deceased was ill, but it was only hearsay. My wife told me after she had seen prisoner on September 21 that Seddon had told her he was going away for a holiday for a fortnight and would see me when he came back. I remember just before October 9 Ernie coming round and saying that Seddon was back and could see me. When I went round on October 9 I did not say I had come round to know about Miss Barrow's will "and the annuity." I am quite sure that deceased never told me when I met her out that she had bought an annuity. I agree I did not say before the magistrate that he wound up by saying, "I have nothing to do with it," but, as I said before, I had never been in a court before and I was very ill at the time and I got confused. Seddon and I parted on good terms. I never had an interview with the Public Prosecutor. I said nothing about arsenic to him. When I saw deceased last time she was quite well, only she complained of the heat. I know she consulted Dr. Francis and Dr. Paull in her time. I know that Jarman, a cheesemonger at Crouch Hill, was in the habit of changing dividend warrants for her; Mrs. Vonderahe always went with her. I have never changed a bank note in my life for her; nor did my wife to my knowledge. I remember when Margaret Seddon brought a message round, but the door was not shut in her face; my wife told me in the evening that a girl had been round and asked if there were any letters for deceased and she had said "No." She was not treated discourteously. I did not resent deceased having left us. On one occasion there was a death at my house, and there was an inquest and burial. Deceased knew of this. Re-examined. Dr. Francis attended her when she was living at Lady Somerset Road shortly before she came to live with us. On two nights previous to calling on the Seddons on September 20 my wife and I were passing their house and we saw all the windows of her apartments wide open, which was unusual; we had heard from our son that she was ill. JULIA HANNAH VONDERAHE. I am the wife of the last witness. After deceased left our house I used to meet her sometimes in the street at various places; we were on quite friendly terms. The last time I saw her was towards the end of August in the street. I first heard of her death from my husband, and the same night I went with him to 63, Tollington Park. We did not see prisoners. The next morning I went with. my sister-in-law, Mrs. Albert Edward Vonderahe. Miss Seddon opened the door. We were shown into the sitting-room, where we waited some time. Prisoners then came in. Mr. Seddon turned to my sister-in-law and asked her whether she was Mrs. Frank Vonderahe. I said, "No, I am." He then handed me this letter, dated September 14, which I read. He asked why didn't we come to the funeral, and I said I had had no letter or I would have come, and I must go to the post-office and inquire why we did not receive the letter. I had never received any letter like that. About that time I had this business letter (produced) redirected from 31, Evershot Road to my present address; I got it on September 16; it is dated September 14. It has on the envelope "not known" and my present address. (The post-mark had been taken off.) He also showed me Exhibit 3, a copy of the will (Exhibit 4), and a memorial card (Exhibit 5), which he put into an envelope and gave to me. I did not had much conversation with him; while I was reading these he was talking to my sister-in-law. Just before leaving he said he had sent his daughter about a letter of deceased's and I had slammed the door in her face; I contradicted that. I asked him if he would see my sister-in-law's husband in the evening, and he said he was going away next day; he had wasted enough time and could not possibly see them. I said they would not detain him long, and he said he could not see them as he was going away for a fortnight. He said what a trying time they had had with deceased, how she had called them up and how he had gone up and told her she must not call them any more as they wanted their rest. To Mr. Marshall Hall. I was there when deceased moved from our house to 63, Tollington Park; there was a cart and horse. There was nothing left behind that anybody came back for. As far as I can remember they started about midday and finished about three. She gave us a week's notice before she left; we had not exactly quarrelled but she had one of her moods on not speaking to anybody. There was no cause for her leaving. I saw her pretty frequently out of doors subsequently. When I last saw her she had a bad cold, but otherwise she seemed all right. When Margaret Seddon called for letters I did not shut the door any quicker than usual that I can remember. I went with deceased several times to Jarman's to change dividend warrants. Once she spat in my face, but I took no notice; she was very excitable and irritable. The children took off the stamp from the envelope enclosing this letter (Exhibit 127) as they collect stamps. Re-examined. I found the letter since I was examined at the police-court, and I thought it was the letter I had referred to in my evidence. AMELIA BLANCHE VONDERAHE. I live with my husband, Albert Edward Vonderahe, at 82, Gelderston Road, Clapton. On September 21 I went with my sister-in-law to 63, Tollington Park, where I saw prisoners. I saw Seddon give her several documents in an envelope. Besides those, he read to me Exhibit 7. I said that the copy of the will which he produced was signed with lead pencil, and he said it was only a copy and he would not give us the original. I said, "Of course the original would be taken to Somerset House for probate?" He said he had been to Somerset House, but there was no probate required on a will of that description; he said he had the original in his bank for safety. I asked him if he wished us to understand that Miss Barrow had parted with all her investments (I mentioned the "Buck's Head" and the barber's shop) and that she had bought an annuity which had died with her. He said, Yes, everything. "I said whoever had persuaded her to do that was a remarkably clever person and she" was a very hard nut to crack if you mentioned money matters to her. He made no answer to that. I do not remember him saying who had granted her the annuity. He said that on the last night she was a vary great trouble to them; she sent Ernie down once or twice, but as his wife was worn out with waiting so much on her he had gone up himself; he had asked her what she wanted and he had given her some brandy, and had hoped that she would not trouble again as they were retiring to rest. He said the boy came down again after that and he went up again and gave her some more brandy (he did not say what time), and that he had left some brandy in the bottle, which was gone in the morning. I said I thought it was a great pity that she was buried in a common grave when she had a family vault at Highgate, but Mrs. Seddon said they had a very nice funeral; they did everything nicely. One of them said Ernie was at Southend. Mr. Seddon said he had no legal claim on the boy, but that he should always look after him; if the relatives could find a better home for him to go to he should let him go. We then left. Mrs. Seddon's only other remark was that she felt very ill through waiting on deceased and she was going to the doctor that day. In the early summer of 1910, when she was staying at Evershot Road, deceased showed me a gold watch, similar to Exhibit 121, attached to this gold chain (Exhibit 122). I saw a diamond ring similar to this (Exhibit 121) in her possession; the setting is precisely the same as when I saw it, because I remember remarking to her that it looked rather like a gentleman's ring; I cannot say about the size. I recognise this gold chain with a blue enamel pendant (Exhibit 123); she showed it to me. To Mr. Marshall Hall. The first thing that Seddon said when he came in was, "Why didn't you answer the letter that I sent you?" I told him that deceased was strange at times she was not responsible at times, and he said, "You could never get her to do anything if she did not want to do it." Everybody agreed that she was a difficult person to handle when it came to a question of money. She was very deaf. Ernie used to shout into her ear what people said. Everybody had to shout. Dr. EDWARD HENRY GROVE, M. R. C. P., stated that Dr. Cohen, the coroner who took the depositions on the inquest, was unable to attend to give evidence. WILLIAM DELL. On September 1 I went to live at 31, Evershot Road. Three days afterwards I received a circular addressed to a Mr. Vonderahe, whose address I did not know, so I wrote "not known" upon it and reposted it. I received no further letters. To Mr. Marshall Hall. Mr. and Mrs. Hughes did not come to live with us until September 16. I should say that the words "Not known" are in my son's writing. I, my wife, and three children lived in the house; we kept no servant. ELEANOR FRANCES DELL, wife of previous witness, corroborated. STANLEY GEORGE DELL. I live with my parents. I remember receiving a letter addressed to a Mr. Vonderahe. I crossed the envelope (Exhibit 127)"not known" and reposted it. Several witnesses were called to prove the possession by Miss Barrow of certain bank notes, and the dealings with them by the two prisoners. The witnesses were not cross-examined. At the conclusion of this block of evidence the Attorney-General summed up its effect as follows: "It is established that there were in all 33 Bank of England notes of  5 each, the proceeds of cheques of Truman, Hanbury and Co., in favour of Miss Barrow at various dates extending from 1901 to 1910. These 33  5 notes have been traced as to each of them as the proceeds of one or other of the cheques received by Miss Barrow from Truman, Hanbury and Co. for the rent of the 'Buck's Head.' Of those 33, six are proved to have gone to the male prisoner's credit with his bank; one on October 13, 1910, the other five on January 13, 1911. As to the remaining 27 of the 33, nine of them are notes with endorsements in the name of Scott, of Evershot Road. Those nine appear in this way. Two of them are endorsed in the handwriting of the female prisoner on October 14, 1910; endorsed by her with the name of M. Scott, of 18, Evershot Road; six are endorsed in the name of Mrs. Scott, of 18, Evershot Road; one in the name of Mrs. Scott, of Evershot Road; the remaining 18 of the 33 are traced to Mrs. Seddon. The whole period covered during the dealing with these 33  5 notes is from October 14, 1910, when both the male and the female prisoner are dealing with the notes, until August 23, 1911. That is the last date traced." Mr. Marshall Hall pointed out that all these 33 notes were dealt with before the death of Miss Barrow. Witnesses were called to prove the transfer by Miss Barrow of  1,600 Three-and-a-Half per Cent. India Stock on October, 1910, from her name to that of Frederick Henry Seddon. On January 25, 1911, Seddon gave instructions to sell out, and a cheque was given to him for  1,519 16s. 0d. ARTHUR DOUGLAS LAING, clerk, London County and Westminster Bank, Lothbury. On January 25, 1911, F. H. Seddon opened a deposit account with the payment in of  1,519 16s. On February 1, 1911, there was a withdrawal of  119 16s. On March 6, 1911, the balance with interest was withdrawn and the account closed. All the withdrawals were effected in notes and gold. EDWIN RUSSELL, solicitor, of Russell and Sons, 59, Coleman Street, E. C. In January, 1911, my firm acted for the male prisoner in the matter of the assignment to him from Miss Barrow of her interest in the "Buck's Head" public-house and a barber's shop adjoining. Exhibit 11 is the assignment, dated January 11, 1911, the consideration being the payment by him to her of an annuity of  52 per annum, in monthly instalments. At the suggestion of my firm a solicitor, Mr. Knight, acted separately for Miss Barrow. To Mr. Marshall Hall. Miss Barrow wrote us several letters, which showed that she took an intelligent interest in the transaction. HENRY W. D. KNIGHT, solicitor, 22, Surrey Street, Strand. I acted for Miss Barrow in the matter of the assignment, and attended the completion on January 11, 1911. She was very deaf. I read the assignment to her and also handed her the document, asking her to read the material part, that relating to the charging of the annuity; she read it in my presence, and executed the document. Russell and Sons paid my costs. JOHN CHARLES PEPPER, chief clerk, Finsbury and City of London Savings' Bank. Miss Barrow opened a deposit account with us on October 17, 1887; it continued until June 19, 1911, when it was closed by the withdrawal of the balance of  216 9s. 7d.; Miss Barrow came with another lady and drew out that amount in gold. There was a run on the Birkbeck Bank at that time. She took the gold in two bags of  100 each, and 16 loose sovereigns. To Mr. Marshall Hall. On September 30, 1909, Miss Barrow opened an investment account with the payment in of  10; she withdrew that with interest on April 7, 1911. ARTHUR DOUGLAS LAING, recalled. On Friday last this cashbox was brought to our bank, and I saw placed on the top of the tray two bags each containing  250; there was left space for as much again. Under the tray was placed a bag containing  150 in gold; there was room for another  300. To Mr. Marshall Hall. The box is a common, ordinary kind of box. ERNEST GRANT. I am ten years old. I knew Miss Barrow all my life; I used to call her Chicky. I went with her to live at Seddon's house. At first I slept with her; later I slept in a little room by myself. I went for a holiday to Southend, and when I came back Miss Barrow was ill and had to stay in bed; I again slept with her. The last night I slept with her she kept waking up; she asked me to call Mrs. Seddon. I did so, and Mrs. Seddon came up with Mr. Seddon. This happened several times that night. Eventually I went to my own bedroom, leaving Mr. and Mrs. Seddon with Miss Barrow; I never saw her again. She was always an affectionate and loving woman to me. The next day I went with two of Seddon's children to Southend and stayed at Mrs. Jeffery's house; I there first heard that Miss Barrow was dead. I remember the servant at the Seddon's house; I knew her as Mary" I now know her as Mary Chater. She never waited on deceased. Before deceased was ill she and I had our meals together in her room; Maggie Seddon used to cook the things in deceased's kitchen before she was ill, but after she was ill Mrs. Seddon attended her throughout. I used to see her taking medicine; Mrs. Seddon gave it her. I never gave it her. I saw her take it herself only once, when she was ill, in the day time. It was left by the side of her bed for her; she used to turn over, reach out and get it; I have only seen her pour out herself once; I cannot remember how long it was before the last night this happened. Before I went away for the last time on this night I did not see any medicine given her. She sent me down for Mrs. Seddon more than twice that night; I cannot remember how many times; she only told me to go down and call her as she felt so ill; she told me to tell her that she had pains in her stomach. When she came up she made a hot flannel and, put it on her; I cannot remember if this happened the first time she came up; I do not think Mr. Seddon was there then. During part of that night she was badly sick more than once. After I had been sent down she got out of bed and sat on the floor; she did not say why. I cannot remember if she did that more than once. She said, I am going," and sat on the floor; she seemed in great pain. She sat there until Mr. and Mrs. Seddon came up, and put her-into bed again. I used to see this cashbox (Exhibit 2) in a big black box. I have seen her put it on the bed and turn out gold from it on to the bed, and sometimes she used to count and sometimes she used to take one out. I cannot say how much gold she turned out. I noticed one bag inside the box, and I think I saw another one. I have seen her put money in the bag. I have also seen her come up from the dining-room with pieces of gold more than once; I cannot say how many times. She put them in the cashbox. I saw her last count the money just before she was taken ill before she took me to Southend. To Mr. Marshall Hall. Mr. and Mrs. Seddon were very kind to her and she was very fond of them. I was much happier at their house than at the Vonderahes; they were very kind to me. When we all went to Southend we stayed a week-end. We came back together and I went back to school; I was at school all the time she was ill. When she was ill I slept with her nearly all the time. I remember about ten days before this last night going to my own bed. I cannot remember if she had a cup of tea in the morning when she was ill. Maggie used to bring the tea to her before she was ill. Miss Barrow used to go out and buy her own food and I used to go with her sometimes; I used to go out walks with her, too. She used to take me to and bring me back from school. I do not know how many nights I slept with her before the last night. I did not notice any nasty smell in the room. I remember the doctor putting up a sheet in front of the door and I remember smelling carbolic. The doctor gave her first of all a thick white mixture, which she would not take; it was not this medicine that Mr. Seddon gave her; it was the stuff like water the medicine had to be put into glasses, which she liked. She found it difficult to breathe and I remember seeing her take little lozenges for that; I do not remember the kind of bottle she took them out of; I have never seen a bottle like this (produced) in her possession. I do not remember if she took lozenges out of doors. On the last night Mr. Seddon told me to go to my room to get some sleep, because I was woke up; that happened two or three times. Sometimes Miss Barrow got very cross with me. She was very deaf and you had to shout in her ear. I sometimes repeated what other people said to her. I do not think she got annoyed because I used to get up early and run round the room. I used to do that and she complained. Once she said she would throw herself out of the window because I annoyed her. She told me her relations had not been kind to her. I do not know how long I had been in bed on this night when she woke me up and told me to fetch Mrs. Seddon. It was very hot indeed about this time. I do not remember Miss Barrow saying anything about the flies. Flies were all over the place and I heard them talked about, I did not see any Mather's flypapers lying about. I cannot read much. I do not remember any things being got to kill the flies. I was in the room on the last night when she had to use something for her diarrhoea, but I do not think it was very often she did it. I used to go for walks with her in Tollington Park; we did not meet a good many people there; we used to meet Mrs. Vonderahe sometimes. Inspector Ward has been taking care of me. The bag that I saw in the cashbox was a paper one of a greyish colour; it was half full, I believe. The reason why Miss Barrow left the Vonderahes was because she did not like the way they cooked the food. She was very particular about her food. I remember when she was very angry with. Mr. Hook because he had taken me out for a walk and left her at home. She told them to go. Re-examined. Mr. Seddon told them to go. I saw a flypaper at Mrs. Henderson's house at Southend; I do not know if that was the first time I had seen one. I never saw any flypapers in any room of the Seddon's house. To Mr. Marshall Hall. The flypaper that I saw at Southend was a sticky one that flies stick to. To the Court. Maggie never showed me a flypaper; I never saw a flypaper like this (Mather's). ANNIE HENDERSON, Riviera Drive, Southchurch, near Southend. Before the August Bank Holiday of last year two of the prisoners' children stayed with me. Ernie Grant stayed with me from September 14 till the 28th. LEAH JEFFREYS, Briary Villa, Southend. The first time prisoner came to me was on August 8 last year; he stayed till the 1st. Miss Barrow came in to meals several times and went away on the 8th, she seemed very well. The next time Mr. and Mrs. Seddon came with two daughters, and a baby, on September 22, and stayed till October 8. Ernie Grant came in several times to see them; he did not stay with me at any time. About September 22 Mr. Seddon asked him if he knew Miss Barrow was dead. The boy said, "No," and he said, "Oh, yes; she's dead." MARY ELIZABETH ELLEN CHATER. I am now living at Crompton Terrace. For nearly 12 months I was a general servant to prisoners a: 63, Tollington Park; 1 left last February. Apart from Mrs. Rutt, who came as a charwoman, no other servant was kept. I slept in the same room as Margaret and her youngest sister on floor below that occupied by deceased; prisoners slept on the same floor as I did, only my room was at the back. My room had a partition in it and on the other side of the partition, when I first went there, the two sons and the grandfather slept. Nobody slept on the top floor except deceased and Ernie Grant. Mrs. Seddon did the cooking; she cooked the food for her family in our kitchen downstairs. She and her daughter cooked deceased's food in her kitchen on the top floor. I never cooked any food for deceased; I had nothing to do with her. Deceased went away to Southend for a short time and on her return she was ill. Dr. Sworn came to see her; I used to open the door to him. From the time he came I never saw her downstairs; I think she always kept her room. During her last illness Mrs. Seddon cooked her food in the upstairs kitchen. I never saw any of the food thus prepared; I have never been into deceased's kitchen except once, when deceased was out one day before her severe illness. During her last illness I never saw any food prepared for her in the kitchen downstairs. I knew some Liebig's Extract and Valentine's Meat Juice came, but I never saw it prepared. I never went into deceased's bedroom. To Mr. Marshall Hall. I did say before the magistrate, "She had light food during her illness. I saw them prepared downstairs"; I did not see Mrs. Seddon prepare it. (Three extracts from witness's depositions, in which she had stated that she had seen Mrs. Seddon prepare light food, such as Valentine's meat juice, milk puddings, etc., downstairs, were read.) I knew she was preparing them downstairs because I saw her taking them up to Miss Barrow. I am wearing a nurse's uniform because I used to be a nurse years ago; I have worn one since I came to London and before. My father was an inspector of nuisances at Rugby. I have a cousin Frederick; I do not know exactly where he is living; I wrote the other week to Nottingham, but I was told he had been left there five years. I understand from a letter I had that he has not been in good health. I do not know that he is now in an asylum. I swear I do not know that any immediate relative of mine is now in an asylum. My first employment was with a Miss Nicholson at Rugby; I was not with her until she died. I then went to a private hospital for incurables at Leamington and then to a large infirmary as a nurse at Brownlow Hill, where I stayed two months. I then went to Canada, where I stayed for 4 1/2 years as a nurse, in Quebec. On my return I boarded at a coffee house in Rugby until Miss Nicholson engaged me. I first took a situation as a general servant at Ferntower Road, where I stayed four months. I then went to a Home for Discharged Servants, and from there to a place in Highbury Place for a short time. I subsequently went to Dr. Day's, where I stayed nearly 12 months, and then I went to Kelross Road, and from there I started nursing again. I then went for 16 months to a hospital for mentally incurable cases as a nurse, and then I stayed it a registry office in Islington. I then went to Mrs. Page as a servant; I stayed there 10 months. I then went to 115, Queen's Road, where I stayed four months, returning to Mrs. Page, where I remained mother seven months. I was out of a situation for a time and in April, 1911, I went to the prisoners. I have made a considerable study of mental cases and medical works. I thought deceased war inclined to be asthmatical when I first saw her. I used to notice she had great difficulty in breathing. I never told her anything that was good for asthma. I have one brother. I do not know that he has been in a lunatic asylum 20 years; I was away from home, if that ii the case. Threats have never been made to inquire into my mental condition. My father knew Lord Leigh, because he used to be in the Warwickshire Battalion; I never knew him myself and I have not constantly talked about him as a personal friend of mine. My cousin Frederick never took any money from me, and I have never said that he did. Mrs. Magner never suggested whilst I was in her employ that I was not responsible for my actions. I did not break a lot of crockery before leaving 63, Tollington Park and say, "I'm going; they will arrest me next." Mrs. Harrington never complained that I was eccentric and incapable of doing my work. She always allowed me to wear a nurse's uniform. When with Dr. Day I did not break into violent fits of shouting, and say that people were after me; he did not say I was quite irresponsible. I know Mrs. Chater, of Rugby; her husband is my brother; I have stayed with her; I still say I do not know that my brother is in an asylum. Deceased always got up in the morning to see the boy to school. I have never seen the flypapers in the house. We had a great many flies, but nothing very extraordinary. I did not see the circular that the medical officer sent round. Miss Margaret used to wash up the things that came out of Miss Barrow's room when she first did her work; the latter part sometimes a cup and saucer used to come downstairs to be washed. I do not know much about preparing medicine. I did not tell Miss Barrow that arsenic was a very good thing for asthma; I never heard of such a thing in my life. This is my signature on the statement; Mr. Saint asked me that question, and I said not that I know of. I never saw Miss Barrow take little pills. I never saw her except when I answered the door to her; she used to come through the kitchen sometimes to go into the garden before they went to Southend, but she never sat with me. From the time I first saw her I thought she was in bad health: she was always resting when she came in, and she had diarrhoea and sickness constantly long before this illness. There was a dreadfully bad smell in the house during the last illness; they put up carbolic sheets. It is true I said before the magistrates: "Miss Barrow came down to the kitchen sometimes and sat a while. She sometimes interfered with me. I put that down to her illness. She was very irritable sometimes. I never quarrelled or had words with her She was not a heavy woman." She was not thin. Mrs. Seddon never complained of the way I did my work. I did not implore her to keep me on; I told her if she wished to dispense with my services I had an offer, Mrs. Barnett; I never spoke to her of my friendship with Lord Leigh. I have never seen a Mather flypaper before; I have heard of them; I swear I never saw one in any room of the house. Mrs. Seddon never complained to me that I was not responsible for what I said. Re-examined. The longest time I have been in service as a servant was three years ago; I was for 16 months in Turrer Road, Tollington Park, with a Mrs. Roach; I was in Dr. Day's service nearly 12 months, and Mrs. Barnett, who engaged me afterwards, went to him 101 my character; that was the lady who wanted to engage me when I was with Mrs. Seddon. When applying for new situations I always referred to persons I had been with. (To the Court.) I never administered arsenic to Miss. Baraow, knowingly or unknowingly. (Mr. Marshall Hall stated that he did not suggest that witness had done it knowingly.) I made a statement to the prisoners' solicitor, Mr. Saint, at Mr. Seddon's house, after Mr. Seddon's arrest, and before Mrs. Seddon's. I gave him all the particulars of the situations I had been in. WILLIAM SEDDON, 63, Tollington Park. I am father of the male prisoner. About the middle of last February 12 months I went to live at 63, Tollington Park. I slept in the back room on the ground floor. I had nothing to do with deceased in the way of waiting upon her. I never prepared or gave her any food or medicine. I saw her on two or three occasions during her last illness; one of the occasions was when I signed this will (Exhibit 31) as a witness on September 11; I saw her sign it. My son, my daughter-in-law, and myself were present. The other occasion was on a Wednesday, when going upstairs for some tools I saw her door open, and I went in and asked how she was. She said she was poorly, and I hoped she would get better soon. I only saw her twice in her room. On September 11 a married daughter of mine, Mrs. Longley, and her daughter, came to stay, and they stayed till after deceased's death. I went with them to different places of amusement. I went to deceased's funeral. Prisoner also went. To Mr. Marshall Hall. I did not see the will actually made. She was very deaf. It was read to her, and she could not thoroughly understand it, and she asked for it and her glasses to read it with. She read it, signed it, and said, "Thank God, that will do." I went to get her glasses from the mantelpiece; I cannot remember seeing anything there; I did not look very minutely. She seemed perfectly sane altogether, and quite able to understand What was said to her. I did not go into her room again until the Wednesday that I have referred to. I noticed very often she was eccentric. Before this illness I understood she had been under a doctor; Mrs. Seddon advised her to go but she hesitated until at last she took her to Dr. Sworn, who attended her until her death. The weather was very warm indeed daring her last illness. I did not see the notice that the medical officer sent round about flies. There were plenty of flies knocking about both upstairs and downstairs; I cannot say if deceased ever complained of them. I have seen some of these Mather's flypapers in the house, I think about August. I cannot say exactly whether they were wet or dry. I think I saw some; I am not certain. I cannot say exactly whether they were in a saucer. I went to the undertaker's with Mrs. Seddon and Mrs. Longley. Mr. Nodes's son was not there. They took a wreath and put it on the coffin lid. We got a woman to remove the lid, and Mrs. Seddon kissed the corpse. MARY EMMA LONGLEY, wife of James Longley, superintendent, London and Manchester Industrial Assurance Co. I live at Wolverhampton. On September 11, with my daughter, aged 14, I came up to town on a visit to my brother, the male prisoner, at 63, Tollington Park. We stayed till the 18th. Every day we went to places of amusement with my father; my daughter always accompanied us except on the Monday. I stopped out every night until bedtime. The first night I arrived prisoners took me to the Empire, Fins-bury Park; that was the only occasion they accompanied us. On the night of September 14 I went out with my daughter, Mrs. Seddon and their son William. I had nothing to do with Miss Barrow during my stay. To Mr. Marshall Hall. The blinds were all pulled down on September 14. On the Friday morning I inadvertently pulled them up, and Mrs. Seddon was quite annoyed. I remember going with her and my father to the undertaker's; she took a wreath. Mrs. Nodes was there but no young man. CARL TAYLOR, assistant superintendent, Holloway District, London and Manchester Industrial Assurance Company. Prisoner was superintendent for my district. Every Thursday I went to the front room of the basement of his house, which he used as an office, to make up the accounts of moneys received by collectors; the collectors came there. On September 14 I arrived about 12.30 p.m., but I did not see him until 1.30. I worked with him all day. During the afternoon he complained that he felt very tired and that he had been up all night. I suggested that he should lie down for a couple of hours and he said he thought he would. This was something after four. He came back soon after five. The amount received in the industrial branch was  63 14s. 3d. The money was generally paid in in half gold and half silver and a few coppers. The last collector was out of the office certainly before 7. A little after 9 p.m. I was busy writing, when I heard the chink of money. I just turned my head, where I had a side view of prisoner's desk, and I saw several piles of sovereigns and a good little heap besides; at the time I estimated it at over  200. I should not say that was part of the collectors' money; the collectors' money when received was put in this till (Exhibit 28), which he kept in the cupboard, and at this time the till was in the cupboard. He packed these sovereigns into four bags and, holding three in one hand and one in the other, he faced me and Smith. He put the one bag in front of Smith and said, "Here, Smith, here's your wages." He picked it up again and put the four bags into the safe, which was alongside the fireplace not the same place as where the till was put in. This plan (Exhibit 27) shows where we all sat. The collectors came in at the door in front of Seddon's desk, and they put their money on his desk. To Mr. Marshall Hall. I have only known prisoner personally since last April and I had been coming every Thursday since that time. No money was brought in by the collectors on this day when prisoner was way. We were there till midnight. I did not go out at all between five and nine. At nine prisoner did not fetch the till from the cupboard, put it on his desk, and count the contents. I am quite prepared to say that the money I saw prisoner counting was not money from the till; I am positive. The collection sheet for the week shows  80, but then commission, salaries, and bonuses had to be paid out of that, so that the amount in the till was really about  50. I agree that I may be wrong in my estimate of the amount I saw,  200, because I have made an experiment since with the same kind of bags. I find four of those bags contain over  400. He said what he did to Smith as a joke. I never saw him the same as he was on that day. Smith said, "I only wish it was true, Mr. Taylor." When I gave my evidence before I knew that some  200 was missing; I read it in the papers. The amount that he was handling was not  100. Smith tried the experiment with me. I did not know the prisoner was in the habit of keeping a large sum of money in the house. The safe was a largish one. Prisoner did say that week that he was about  2 out in his cash. I do not think he said that the business was not as good as it used to be and they would have to decrease the staff; he told me that he expected he should have to do with one assistant superintendent, and if that was so he would have to decrease the staff by getting rid of some of the men. It was not in his power to dismiss me. He told me he would have to report it and apply for an exchange. The first thing that brought back to my mind this incident of the  200 was what I saw in the paper about the inquest. Re-examined. Prisoner looked very weary and haggard; he told me he had been up all night. (Wednesday, March 6.) JOHN CHARLES ARTHUR SMITH, Assistant Superintendent, Holloway District, London and Manchester Industrial Assurance Company About 12.45 p.m. on September 14 I went to 63, Tollington Park, and stopped till midnight. About 8.30 p.m. I noticed a large amount of gold on prisoner's desk loose sovereigns and half-sovereigns; two bags had already been filled. There was about  100 loose gold on the table. I have experimented since. (Mr. Justice Bucknill told the witness that he must confine his answers to the questions.) I saw no silver or copper. Prisoner placed the gold into two more bags. He put one of the bags on my desk and said jokingly, "Smith, here's your wages." I said, "I wish you meant it, Mr. Seddon." He then placed four bags in the safe. He generally put the collector's money in a till; I had seen this money dealt with very nearly 12 months and he always did this. To Mr. Marshall Hall. I first came into communication with the police last December. I drew the conclusion that the two bags I noticed already filled contained gold; I do not suggest that they actually contained gold. They were the ordinary light brown bags that the banks supply for  100 in gold; they are the same size as the 5s. silver bags. I know Maggie Seddon. I did not see her early in the afternoon in the street at the pillar-box and pat her back and say, "Good afternoon." I may have seen her in the office, but not out. After the inquest I went to see prisoner in the ordinary course of business. I did not say to him, "I remember seeing  100 in gold on the night I came in to check the receipts" and offer to give evidence at the inquest. I told him that I had an idea of a certain letter that he had written to the relations being posted. Re-examined. Prisoner on this night said to me: "Fancy the relations have not been near and the funeral is to-morrow." On November 27 he sent me a postcard asking me to call on him. I went, and found him busy with legal documents relating to this case. He showed them to me, and as I was looking at them he rather took me off my guard; he said, "You remember me writing a letter to the relations." My mind went back to what he had said on this night, and I said I had a recollection of the letter being written. I had not seen him writing such a letter. I saw him writing letters that day, but I do not know for whom they were intended. ALFRED HARTWELL, director, London and Manchester Industrial Assurance Company. Male prisoner has been in our employ since 1891; since 1901 he has been superintendent of collectors and canvassers of the North London District. Up to March, 1911, his salary was  5 5s. 0d. a week, and from March 25,  5 6s. In addition he was entitled to a commission on the ordinary branch of the business; the majority of the business is industrial on which he would get no commission. In the year ending March, 1911, his average weekly earnings were  5 16s., and from that date  5 15s. 10d. It was his duty to receive money from collectors every Thursday, And he would do this at his own house; they would deduct their commission before paying in, and he would pay them their salaries and procuration fees on new business. He would pay the balance into his own banking account and draw a cheque in the name of the managing director, Mr. Dawes, for the amount due to the company, less his own salary and commission. He had an allowance of 8s. 9d. a week for stamps and office rent, which he would also deduct. I produce the sheet relating to his collections for week ending September 14. Before deducting commissions he received  80 4s. 7 1/2 d., from which 18s. discrepancy had to be deducted; the total cash paid in therefore would be  79 6s. 7 1/2 d. From this would have to be deducted  15 12s. 3 1/2 d. commission, so he would have in his possession at one time  63 14s. 4d. for the industrial branch and  2 17s. 7d. for the ordinary. After paying new business fees and the salaries, including his own, he was left with  57 9s. 5d., which he could pay into the bank if he chose. It would be his duty to draw separate cheques for the industrial and ordinary branches, and he did so. The discharge of Smith or Taylor would not be in his hands; only a director could discharge anyone; he could recommend a discharge. To Mr. Marshall Hall. There is no objection to an employe's wife carrying on a separate business as long as he did not interfere with it. I heard accidentally from prisoner about three years 'ago that his wife was carrying on a separate business. Re-examined. It was a wardrobe dealer's. MRS. LONGLEV (recalled, further cross-examined by Mr. Marshall Hall). My husband wrote to prisoner and asked him if he could put us up. He replied that the old lady in the house was ill, but if we liked to take "pot luck" we might come. I noticed a very bad smell in the house. My sister-in-law had a baby 12 months old. I saw Ernie twice; he was very delicate. He was in bed with Miss Barrow, and I said I thought it was not healthy for him, nor was it decent. ERNEST VICTOR ROWLAND, cashier, London and Provincial Bank, Finsbury Park Branch. The male prisoner had an account at my branch. I produce Exhibit 35, a certified extract from the books of the bank showing his payments in and out in September, 1911. On September 15, 1911,  81 7s. 6d. was paid in in cash and  6 17s. 2d. in drafts. On the same day there was a further payment in of  7 16s. in cash. On September 16 there is a debit of a cheque drawn to the order of Dawes of  48 17s. 1d., and on September 18 another cheque to the same person of  2 17s. 7d. To Mr. Marshall Hall. Of the  81 7s. 6d.,  15 17s. 6d. was in silver, just over three ordinary bags full of silver. There were sums varying about  7 in cash paid in every week. CHARLES JAMES ORASFIELD, assistant secretary, National Freehold Land and Building Society, 28, Moorgate Street, E. C. On November 27, 1909, we advanced male prisoner  220 on a mortgage of the lease of 63, Tollington Park. On September 20, 1911, he wrote us a letter (Exhibit 15) dated September 19, asking to let him know the exact amount required to date to pay off the mortgage. We replied the next day. The amount has not yet been paid. On September 18 we received from him an application (Exhibit 16) for three completed shares,  90, and on that date he purchased them, paying in cash  90 3s., the 3s. being the entrance fee. He was given this passbook (Exhibit 17) which shows that amount was paid in. CLARA MAY COOPER, counter clerk and telegraphist, Finsbury Park Branch Post Office, 290, Seven Sisters Road. Exhibit 37 is a Post Office Savings Bank book in the name of "J. H. Seddon, 63, Tollington Park." On September 25  30 was paid in; I am able to say that  25 of it must have been in gold, but I do not remember who paid it. (Mr. Marshall Hall objected to evidence as to the details of this payment being given on the ground that, there being no identification of the male prisoner, it was not evidence against him. He did not dispute that the "F. H. Seddon" mentioned was prisoner. Mr. Justice Bucknill stated that he would direct the jury that if that were the only fact in the case it was no evidence of guilt against prisoner, but he could not reject it as evidence of fact.) On September 15 I went on duty at 2 p.m.; the person whom I relieved handed me  10 in banknotes. I went off at 8 p.m. and I had  15 in banknotes, so I had not received more than  5 in banknotes from anybody. Between 2 and 8 this  30 was paid in, and therefore I am able to say that  6 of it may possibly have been in that form. To Mr. Marshall Hall. The money that is paid in is kept in the same account as money that is paid out, but I am sure I did not payout any notes that afternoon. By the bankbook I see  43 17s. 9d. was paid out on November 27. That left  20 in the account. THOMAS WEIGHT, jeweller, 400 and 402, Holloway Road. I knew male prisoner as a customer. On September 15 he brought this singlestone diamond ring (Exhibit 121) and said he wanted it made very much larger; it was a gentleman's little finger ring, but it might be used by a lady. He left the ring. Later that day he brought this gold watch (Exhibit 21) and said he wanted the name "E. J. Barrow, 1860," erased from inside of the back plate, which you can only get at by opening the watch, and he wished a new gold dial put in the place of the old white enamel one, which was very much cracked. Mrs. Seddon was with him on the second occasion. I did the commissions and on September 20 he came and I gave him the ring enlarged as it is now; I believe Mrs. Seddon was with him. On November 17, nearly two months after (there had been a delay because it is difficult to get a gold dial now) I delivered the watch to him. He paid for both. He had called several times between September 15 and November 17 for it. I had known him for quite a year. To Mr. Marshall Hall. I believe on a previous occasion he had a diamond ring altered. I believe he took this ring (Exhibit 21) from his little finger, and he said he wanted it made to fit his third finger. At the same time he brought the watch he did not bring in a locket of Mrs. Seddon to have a stone put in. The enlarging of the ring would not in any way destroy its identity. I would give  4 for the stone. Re-examined. That is about its value. WILLIAM NODES, undertaker, 201, Holloway Road. I have a branch office at 78, Stroud Green Road. I have known male prisoner since about 1901 as an acquaintance; before this, in 1902, I had done one funeral business for bun. About 11.30 a.m. on September 14 he called on me at Stroud Green Road and said that a death had occurred in his house and he wanted to make arrangements for the funeral, which must be an inexpensive one; he said that an "old lady" or "old girl" had died. He said it must be inexpensive from the fact that he had found  4 10s. in the room, and that he would have to defray funeral expenses, and there were also certain fees due to the doctor. I suggested an inclusive funeral at  4 and he said 10s. would not cover the doctor's erpenses. I told him I would do it for him at  3 7s. 6d. to enable him to cover all expenses. This price would include the coffin, the carrige, and the fees in the cemetery. I told him what sort of funeral it would be. It was really a  4 funeral; it would mean a polished and ornamented coffin, a composite carriage, the necessary bearers, and the fees at the cemetery and the grave. I do not think I specified what kind of grave it would be. It would mean a public grave dug by the cemetery people who allow interments in it at a price which includes the use of the clergyman and the use of an earth grave; it is used for a number of persons not related in any way. Different graves vary in depth according to the locality in the cemetery, but live or six people would be buried in the same grave. I think it was distinctly understood that it would not be a private grave; I did not emphasise the fact that it would be a public one; I did not go into the details I have given now. I drove him that same day to 63, Tollington Park and measured the body of the deceased. There was a very bad smell in the room and I told him if he liked we would move the body at the same time as we brought the coffin. He said he would let me know during the day when he let me know about the day of the funeral; he could not fix that then, as he said he had somebody else to consult in the matter. About 4 p.m. he telephoned me saying that we might move the body when we brought the coffin and settling the day of the interment for Saturday. About 9.30 p.m. I removed the body to Stroud Green Road, and the funeral took place from there on September 16 at about 2 p.m. There were no instructions to send carriages for mourners, and none were sent. I was not present. No mourning coach went to 63, Tollington Park. I received the  3 7s. 6d. To Mr. Marshall Hall. It was certainly not a pauper's funeral. The number of bodies buried in a public grave depends upon the cemetery authorities. I suggested that the body should be removed because of the bad smell, and I knew there was a baby in the house, and also it would give them an opportunity of cleansing the room; there was nothing unusual in the body being removed in this way or the funeral starting from my place. I do not think it was as late as 5 p.m. when he telephoned me; I have a reason for saying so. It was he who suggested Saturday as the day for the funeral. If it had not been buried on that day Sunday would have intervened. It seemed quite reasonable considering the warmth of the weather and the state the body was in; there was nothing unusual in such a short time elapsing between dearth and burial. Re-examined. This is an envelope (produced) which comes from my establishment. I cannot recognise the handwriting on the outside and inside. WALTER THORLEY, chemist and druggist, 27, Crouch Hill. In the summer of 1911 a girl came to my shop with reference to some flypapers. I subsequently identified her at the police court. I know her name as Margaret Ann Seddon; I think her second name is Ann. She was about 15; it was the same girl who was addressed as "Margaret Seddon" in the presence of prisoners at the police court. She came on August 26. Mr. Marshall Hall objected to the particulars of the purchase she made being given on the ground that it was not evidence against prisoner, there being nothing to connect them with it. The Attorney-General submitted that he was entitled to get this evidence, it having been proved that the girl lived in the house of the prisoner at the time. Mr. Justice Bucknill stated that on that being proved he thought it was clearly evidence, but he did not think there was any direct evidence that this was the fact; the mere fact that she was the daughter of prisoners was not enough. M. E. CHATER (recalled, further examined). During the time I was a general servant there Margaret slept in the house; she cleaned the floors and did the kitchen upstairs and that kind of thing. To Mr. Marshall Hall. She slept there every night during the whole time I was there. She went down to Southend, but I cannot say the date. WALTER THORLEY (recalled, further examined). She purchased a 3d. packet containing six Mather's flypapers, the packet being similar to this (Exhibit 136). It has on the outside, "Mather's Arsenical Flypapers, to poison flys, wasps, ants, mosquitos, etc. Prepared only by the sole proprietors, Mather, Ltd. Poison. These arsenical flypapers can only be sold by registered chemists and in accordance with the provisions of the Pharmacy Act." On the flypaper itself there are instructions as to how they are to be used and then Caution. Remove the plate or dish beyond the reach of children and out of the way of domestic animals," and at the bottom "Poison." I do not keep any note of my sales. I think there is a large sale for these; we sold a large number last year. About a week before I gave evidence I was asked about this sale. On February 2, the day on which 1 gave evidence, I was asked to go to the court. I went and was asked to go into a room. I went in atone and found about 20 women and girls, from whom I identified Margaret Seddon. To Mr. Marshall Hall. I cannot recollect seeing the girl that I sold flypapers to on August 26 between that date and February 2; I may have done. August 26 was a hot day, like the rest of that hot summer. I do not know that there was only one hour's sunshine that day. I cannot say the customers I served before and after her. I sold 16 packets altogether in August. I keep no record of the packets sold or the people I sell them to. I do not know theft under the Pharmacy Act I am required to keep a record; it is not usual to do so. I can realise that each paper contains three or four grains of arsenic. Mather's supply us with a book in which to keep a record, but I do not use it. I know Mr. Price, a chemist near me. I was fetched in a motor-car on February 2 by the police; but Mr. Price did not come in the same motor. I did not know that Margaret had tried to buy papers from him on December 6. I thought he was going to the police court about something to do with poisoning; I did not ask him anything about it. I had never talked this case over with him; I do not often see him. The police came to me in December and asked me if I had sold any flypapers about August or September; I knew they had been making such inquiries at all the shops in the heighbourhood. I did not tell them that I had no recollection of any purchase. I told them I had no record of persons I had sold them to. They asked me if I could identify anybody to whom I had sold any about that date and I said I did not know whether I could or not. They came to me a good many times, I think, but they never asked me to identify anyone until February 2. I say I can remember this girl buying the flypapers on that date because my invoices show that she had the last packet of a dozen that was ordered in. I do not keep a record of the last packet sold. She asked for four packets and I put them down to order in a book and told her we should have some more on Monday. She is a friend of my daughter Mabel; I did not know her as Margaret Seddon until I saw her at the police court. On two occasions she called to see my daughter and I opened the private door, but she did not come in. I could not identify anybody I did that to; I did--to so many girls; I still say that she is the girl who bought the flypapers and I am not confusing her with the girl I have seen at the private door. Before identifying her I had seen a picture of her in the illustrated papers, but I refused to identify her from that. It was not shown to me by the police for that purpose; I do not know whether they knew I had seen it. Margaret was not the only girl out of the 20 who had her hair down her back; there was at least one other. Her face was familiar to me. Re-examined. I do not know prisoners at all. When Margaret first came she asked for flypapers. I said, "Do you want the sticky ones?" and she said, "No, the arsenic ones." I said, "Will you take a packet?" and she said, "I will take four." I had only one in stock and gave it to her, telling her I should have more on Monday. I made an entry in a book on that day. This is the reason I remember the transaction. The signature on the statement dated January 31 I gave to the police is mine. On February 2 I went down by myself in the morning to the police court in a motor-car and identified the gin and then went again that day in a motor-car with Mr. Price to prove the sale of the papers. When she came into the shop I had seen her before, but I did not know her name or who she was. ROBERT JOHN PRICE, pharmaceutical chemist, 103, Tollington Park. On the afternoon of February 2 I went with Mr. Thorley in a motorcar to the police court. To Mr. Marshall Hall. I do not remember that I had any conversation with him about what we were going to the police court for. JOHN FREDERICK PAULL, M. R. C. P., 215, Seldon Road, Finsbury Park. I attended Miss Barrow, of 63, Tollington Park, first in November, 1910; she came to me. She was suffering from congestion of the liver, but it was nothing of any consequence; I only saw her once. She next came to me on August 1, 1911, with Mrs. Seddon; I think she had the same complaint, but it was nothing of any consequence; it would not prevent her going out. I gave her a mixture of bicarbonate of soda and carbonate of magnesia; it was sweetened and quite harmless. On August 3 she came again, I think with Ernie Grant; she was suffering from the same thing and I gave her the same medicine, which I dispensed myself. On August 17 she came again and I gave her the same medicine; I think she had Ernie Grant with her. She came again on August 22, again, I think, with Ernie. She complained of asthma and I prescribed bicarbonate of potash and nux vomica; on the previous occasion she had said nothing about asthma. It was very slight, and there was no necessity for her to keep indoors. The next time she came was on August 27; she brought Ernie. She was suffering from asthma; she complained of nothing else. I gave her some chloral hydrate; there was no need for her to stay at home. I next saw her on the 30th with Ernie Grant. She complained of asthma, but nothing else. I gave her some extract of grindelia. The asthma was of no consequence. I should not describe her as a person who was ill. I cannot say that I saw any attack of asthma; I treated her on the symptoms she told me she had in the night. She never complained of diarrhoea, sickness, or pain. On August 1 and 3 she complained of constipation. She never complained of rash or running from the eyes. I did not see her again after August 30. On September 2 between 6.30 and 8 p.m. Margaret Seddon came and wanted me to go and see her. I did not go. To Mr. Marshall Hall. Congestion of the liver might produce a certain amount of colic pain. She was well nourished and rather inclined to be stout, if anything, slightly above the average. Asthmatic attacks are intermittent and are very often much worse at night when lying down. I accepted her story that she was suffering from asthma, I was busy when Margaret Seddon came and advised her to fetch another doctor. Mr. Seddon asked me to attend the inquest. To Mr. Rentoul. Mrs. Seddon first brought her to me. HENRY GEORGE SWORN, M. D., L. R. C. P., 5, Highbury Crescent. I have been family doctor to the Seddons for over ten years. On September 2 I was telephoned for to go to 63, Tollington Park; on arriving there I saw Miss Barrow; Mrs. Seddon was present. From the two women I learnt that Miss Barrow had on the previous day had diarrhoea and sickness. Mrs. Seddon told me that Miss Barrow had been ailing on and off for a long time, that she had had a liver attack and suffered from asthma. I enquired whether any other doctor had been attending her; Mrs. Seddon said yes, and that she had sent for him twice that day, but he had not called. I examined Miss Barrow; she had pain in the abdomen; she had been vomiting, and had diarrhoea. I prescribed for her bismuth and morphia. I saw her again on the 3rd, sometime before noon; she was still in much the same condition. I called again on the 4th; the diarrhoea and sickness had not stopped. I was not satisfied with her condition. Mrs. Seddon told me she would not take her medicine. I then gave her an effervescent mixture of citrate of potash and bicarbonate of soda prepared in two glasses, one of which is poured into the other. I told Miss Barrow if she did not take her medicine I should have to send her into the hospital. She was somewhat deaf, but understood me. The sickness continued, but the diarrhoea was not so bad. On the 7th, 8th, and 9th she was slowly improving. The abdominal pain had lessened from the 4th and I had dropped the morphia. As she seemed better I did not call on the 10th. On Monday, the 11th, she was still improving suffering from weakness resulting from the sickness and diarrhoea; I ordered Valentine's meat juice, a little brandy, milk and soda water, and, later on, milk puddings. Her mental condition was never very good. Nothing was said about her making a will. She was quite capable of doing that if it was properly explained to her. On the 13th, in the morning, I saw her for the last time. The diarrhoea had come on again and some return of sickness. I gave a bismuth and aromatic chalk mixture. She was weaker. I thought she was in a little danger, but not in a critical condition. Any patient who had had such an attack would be in a serious condition and might die of heart failure. The pulse was weak not intermittent. While I attended her the temperature was up to 101 deg. on one day; other days fairly normal, or a little up. The next morning, the 14th, at 7 a.m. Seddon came to my house; he said Miss Barrow had died at about 6 o'clock; that she was taken with a lot of pain in her inside and then she went off sort of insensible; that they had been up all night with her I think that was all. I said, "I am going to give you a certificate," and wrote one: "Cause of death epidemic diarrhoea and exhaustion. Duration of illness, ten days" that was a miscalculation, as I had attended her from the 2nd to 14th. There was no arsenic in any medicine I prescribed. To Mr. Marshall Hall. Carbonate bismuth has been known to contain arsenic as an adulterant in minute quantity. If the patient had suffered from congestion of the liver since August it would produce severe choleraic pain. Miss Barrow appeared to me to have suffered from asthma; there was arterial tension. When I first visited her on the 2nd she had diarrhoea; Mrs. Seddon told me it had commenced the day before; the symptoms were consistent with that. When I said I should send her to the hospital she said that Mrs. Seddon could attend her very well and was very attentive; she seemed attached to Mrs. Seddon, who, as far as I could see, was very kind and attentive. The weather was very hot. A woman with her asthmatic tendency would get rapidly weaker; a main danger was heart failure. Thirst is a normal condition in cases of diarrhoea. On the 5th I heard she had been out of bed. I told Mrs. Seddon she was not to be allowed to get out of bed. I have never seen so many flies as there were in the bed-room. I put it down to the smell of the motions. I did not see any flypapers there. There were no signs of leaky or running eyes. I never thought her mental condition good, but, if matters were sufficiently explained, I thought, she could understand. On the 13th the chalk mixture was to be given after each motion not to be continued. On that day I realised she was in danger. I was not surprised to hear that next morning she had died. Her pulse was weak, thin, compressible, and fast. I should not have expected Seddon to come round earlier than he did on the 14th he did not ask for the certificate. There would have been no difficulty about my seeing the body had I wished. I had no doubt in my mind that she had died from exhaustion following epidemic diarrhoea. There was a great deal of epidemic, diarrnoea about at that time. In such cases there is always a danger of sudden relapse, accompanied by a comotose or unconscious state. Re-examined. On the morning of the 13th I did not anticipate death within 24 hours; had I thought there was immediate danger I should have gone back to see her later in the day; but heart failure comes on suddenly in these cases; she was in that condition that I should not have been surprised if death had occurred ten minutes after I left. My expectation was that she might recover, but I was not surprised at the death. (To Mr. Marshall Hall.) The liability to heart failure is greater the longer the epidemic diarrhoea has gone on. (To the Judge.) Vomiting usually attends epidemic diarrhoea it used to be called English cholera. I examined the vomit it was a brownish yellow mucous. Dr. JOHN FREDERICK PAULL (recalled). There was no arsenic in any of the medicines I gave Miss Barrow. ALFRED KING, registrar of the Borough of Islington Cemetery. I produced certificate of death of Eliza Mary Barrow, who was buried on September 16 in grave No. 19,453 in Section Q that is a common grave. I also produced order signed by the coroner of November 11 for the exhumation; the body was exhumed on November 14 and reburied in another grave on December 22nd, 1911. WILLIAM ALEXANDER FRASER, Coroner's Officer of Islington and rriern Barnet. I was present at the inquest on the body of Eliza Mary Barrow at which the two prisoners gave evidence and signed the depositions produced. Chief Inspector ALFRED WARD (recalled). I was present at the police court when Dr. Cohen, the coroner, gave evidence and signed the depositions produced. On December 4 at 7 p.m. I saw the male prisoner in Tollington Park in the street. I told him I was a police officer and should arrest him for the wilful murder of Eliza Mary Harrow by administering poison arsenic. He said, Absurd What a terrible charge wilful murder. It is the first of our family that has ever been accused of such a crime. Are you going to arrest my wife as well? If not, 1 would like you to give her a message for me. Have they found arsenic in her body? She has not done this, herself it was not carbolic acid was it, as there was some in her room, and Sanitas is not poison is it?" He repeated the word murder" several times on the way to the station and when at the station in Hornsey Road. He was charged at Hornsey Road Police Station; when the charge was read over he made no reply. I searched the house at 63, Tollington Park on that day. I found cashbox in a trunk in Miss Barrow's bedroom; the trunk was locked; I obtained the key from a safe in the prisoner's bedroom. Mrs. Seddon was present she said it was the late Miss Barrow's trunk. I also found in the safe passbook, paper bag with " 20 gold" in ink on the front and "gold  19" in indelible pencil in Seddon's writing on the back; it contained 19 sovereigns; a ring, a gold chain, a gold chain and pendant; in the wardrobe was a watch and chain. I asked Mrs. Seddon whose watch it was. She said, "It is mine." I said, "Where did you get it." She said, "It was a present to me." I said, "Is not it Miss Barrow's?" one said, "Yes." In the safe in the basement I found P. O. Savings Book of F. H. Seddon on September 15, 1911,  30 was paid in; bank passbook, and copy will. In the front bedroom I found envelope containing hair; on it in Seddon's writing was "Miss Barrow's hair for Hilda and Ernest Grant." On January 15 at 5 p.m. I saw Mrs. Seddon at 64, Tollington Park. I said, "You know me, Mrs. Seddon." She said, "Yes." I said, I am going to arrest you for being concerned with your husband in the wilful murder of Miss Barrow by administering poison." She said, "Yes, very well." When charged she made no reply. On December 4 I found enlarged ring in the first-floor bedroom; in the dining-room secretaire gold chain with blue pendant. On February 2 at 10 a.m. Thorley attended at the police court. Maggie Seddon with a large number of males and females was in the waiting-room. Thorley was asked if he could identify anyone there as the person who purchased flypapers on August 20 last. He identified Maggie Seddon. Cross-examined. I asked Seddon no questions he said the words I have stated one after another. Thorley pointed Maggie Seddon out to me; there were two or three other girls there. (Thursday, March 7.) Detective-sergeant CHARLES COOPER, New Scotland Yard. I was present At male prisoner's arrest. On December 11 I took an envelope (Exhibit 135) containing some hair which I had received from Chief Inspector Ward to Dr. Willcox. On December 30 I went to 63, Tollington Park and took away this till (Exhibit 28) from the place marked on; he plan (Exhibit 27). To Mr. Marshall Hall. At the station male prisoner said, "My wife will be in a terrible state," and he asked me to get a Mrs. Bromwich to assist her, which I did. Detective-sergeant WILLIAM HAYMAN, New Scotland Yard. I assisted in male prisoner's arrest. I stopped him in Tollington Park, and said, "Mr. Seddon, Chief Inspector Ward wants to see you," He said, "May I go home first?" I made no answer; Mr. Ward came up almost immediately; I heard what was said between him and prisoner. To Mr. Marshall Hall. He said "Murder" several times and then "Poisoning by arsenic! What a charge!" Re-examined. On December 8 I purchased one packet of fly papers from Mr. Price, which I handed on December 11 to Dr. Willcox. On February 29 I purchased a packet each from Spink's, chemists, 27, Tottenham Court Road, Dodd's Drug Stores, 70, Tottenham Court Road, and from Needham's, Limited, 297, Edgware Road, which I gave to Dr. Willcox. Last night I got from Dr. Sworn's surgery two ounces of bismuth carbonate and two ounces from Williams, Francis, and Butler, druggists, 20, Aldersgate Street, who I was informed supplied Dr. Sworn with his drugs, which I also handed to Dr. Willcox. BERNARD HENRY SPILSBURY, B. M., B. S., pathologist, St. Mary's Hospital. In November last I made a post-mortem examination of the body of the deceased. With the exception of the stomach and intestines I found no disease in the organs sufficient to account for death. The stomach was a little dilated and a black substance was present on its inner surface. The inner surface of the upper part of the small intestine was red. The body was very well preserved internally and externally apart from some post-mortem staining externally; taking into account the date of death it was very abnormal; I was not able to account for it at the time, but since Dr. Willcox's analyses I think it was due to the presence of arsenic in the body generally which may have an effect in preserving the body. On an external examination I found no evidence of shingles or pigmentation of the skin, but the skin had a green colour which I thought was due to post-mortem discolouration. The face was brown and shrivelled. Pigmentation of the skin, which means that the skin is of an unusual colour, generally brown or black, is the result sometimes of chronic arsenical poisoning. There was no pigmentation of the skin on the palms of the hands or the soles of the feet, and mere was no thickening of the nails of the fingers or the toes. There was nothing abnormal about the appearance of the hair. I was present during some of the tests made by Dr. Willcox for arsenic. From the result of these tests my opinion is that death was the result of acute arsenical poisoning poisoning by one or more large doses as distinguished by poisoning by small doses over a long period of time. By a "large dose" I mean a poisonous dose, which would certainly be two grains, and less than that would give rise to symptoms of poisoning. Two grains in one dose might be sufficient to kill an adult person. I think two or three doses of two grains or upwards within a short period of time would be sufficient to kill an adult. To Mr. Dunstan. The height of the body was 5 ft. 4 in.; I should think the average weight of a person that height, aged 49, would be 8 1/2 to 10 1/2 stone, and if she was well nourished she might be over that. We could not see the mucous membrane of the stomach, as it was covered with the black substance I have mentioned. The duodenum of the small intestine was reddened throughout and the jejunum was slightly reddened; apart from that reddening, so far as I could see of it, there was no sign of disease. Death might have been due to syncope from heart failure. The reddening and the absence of disease in the other organs would be equally consistent with death from epidemic diarrhoea, extending over some 10 or 12 days. Apart from Dr. Willcox's report and the condition of preservation, nothing I saw at the post-mortem was inconsistent with Dr. Sworn's certificate. The preservation of the body varies a great deal. Styrian peasants take arsenic considerably; they die of other diseases than arsenical poisoning, and I have heard that the preservation of the bodies is well marked. I should not necessarily have expected skin rash if arsenic had been given from November 1; there might have been; the rash might appear almost over any part of the body; it would tend to disappear from the time of death to my examination. I do not think the eyes would be affected by the administration of arsenic in fairly large doses. I know Dr. Willcox defined the fatal dose as five grains; that would be a moderately large fatal dose; it would not be likely to prove fatal in less than three days; it might probably be longer. (To the Court: The. patient would develop symptoms probably in the first or second hour; the symptoms would be nausea followed by vomiting and pain in the stomach, and a few hours afterwards diarrhoea would develop; these would continue in a severe form almost to the time of death, and the patient would become collapsed and develop a great thirst.) Epidemic diarrhoea is very frequent in the summer, and frequently it is extremely painful; it was prevalent last September. The symptoms of that would be those described by Dr. Sworn, and the final cause of death would be heart failure. Re-examined. They would also be the symptoms of acute arsenical poisoning, and death would ensue from heart failure; all the symptoms described by Dr. Sworn would be consistent with arsenical poisoning from large doses. A doctor, not suspecting arsenical poisoning, would in all probability diagnose the case as epidemic diarrhoea; there would be no external indication that arsenic had been administered in fairly large doses; this could only be ascertained by analysis of what was vomited and the other excreta. I should only expect the eyes to become affected if the patient had been taking arsenic for several weeks or months; this would be confined to the chronic type only. In an acute case it is possible also that a rash might develop, but I should hardly expect it; in the chronic type it would be usual. Other indications I would expect in a chronic type and not in the acute type would be a thickening of the skin in the palms and the soles, there would be shingles, the hair would probably fall out, and the patient would probably develop symptoms of nervous disease; there might be also extreme fatty degeneration of the liver or the heart walls. I found none of these symptoms. If the patient had died during the extreme heat of epidemic diarrhoea I should have expected to find advanced putrefaction, which there was not. I know that roughly about three-quarter grains of arsenic were found in the stomach and intestines, which would certainly indicate that more had been taken because some of the poison would be vomited again; some might pass out in the urine and other excreta if an extremely large dose had been taken. From my experience of similar cases I should not expect to find in a case of acute arsenical poisoning more reddening than I did find, taking into account the time that had elapsed since death. To Mr. Marshall Hall. We have had a case quoted of chronic arsenical taking which did not lead to chronic arsenical poisoning. Tablets containing 1-20th or 1-50th of a grain can be bought of any ordinary druggist, and the taking of medicinal doses over a long time would not necessarily develop symptoms of arsenical poisoning. The elimination by urine is considerable. My only note is that I found the bladder empty; if there had been any deposit I should have noticed it. I did not know that if there be poison in the body at the time of burial the poison gravitates to the left side organs, irrespective of the position of the body. If a moderately large fatal dose were administered three days before death I should not expect to find any improvement in the condition of the patient between its administration and the subsequent death from that dose only. Further re-examined. If a moderately large dose had been given before this fatal dose I refer to, there might be an improvement in the condition after that first dose had been given, and that might also apply if there had been another such dose given before the last dose The fact that one moderately large dose having been given would aggravate the condition when the second dose is taken; the effect would be cumulative. MAVIS WILSON. I have a dress agency at 158, Stroud Green Road. I have known Margaret Seddon about 15 months. On August 26 I sold her in my shop a pair of shoes and a writing case; I made a note of the purchase. My shop is about two minutes' walk from 27, Crouch Hill. HENRY GEORGE SWORN (recalled, further examined). Last night my son handed to Sergeant Hayman a sample of carbonate of bismuth from the stock I had; what I had in use at the time I gave it to deceased was exhausted. I always get it from the same people, Williams, Francis, and Butler. Last September I was dispensing it to a great number of patients and there were no ill results so far as I know. To Mr. Marshall Hall. There is a trace of arsenic, I believe, in all bismuth; there is a minimum adulteration recognised in the pharmacopoeia. WILLIAM HENRY WILLCOX, M. D., F. R. C. P., Senior Scientific Analyst to the Home Office. On November 15 I was present at the post-mortem examination of deceased. The liver, stomach, intestines, spleen, kidneys, lungs, heart, bloodstained fluid from chest, a portion of the brain, a muscle, and some bone were removed for analysis. The body was well preserved, especially the internal organs. On November 29 I made a further examination and removed some hair of the head, some muscle, and nails from the hands and feet. I weighed the body. On careful examination of all these organs and tissues I found arsenic, the large proportions being in the stomach, intestines, liver, and muscle. There were traces also in the hair and nails. Two months elapsing from burial would not destroy the arsenic in the body, it may be preserved for years. Arsenic is practically tasteless and when dissolved in water forms a colourless solution like water. I have heard the symptoms described by Dr. Sworn and they are similar to those I would expect to find in acute arsenical poisoning; there would be nothing to indicate to a doctor not suspecting arsenic that it was not a case of epidemic diarrhoea. As the result of my analyses I am of opinion that deceased died of acute arsenical poisoning. I have a large experience of such cases. I weighed the whole organ, took a certain portion of it and weighed it, and from that portion I estimated the amount of arsenic and calculated from that the quantity of arsenic present in the whole organ; in the case of the liver and the intestine I took from quarter to one-fifth of the whole organ. I always reserve a portion for further analysis and I have still those unanalysed portions. I took smaller aliquot portions of the other organ so the multiplying factor would be greater. I applied all the well-known tests for arsenic, including Marsh's test; I have the "mirrors" obtained from the Marsh's test here. Taking the stomach as an example, a portion of it was treated so as to destroy the organic matter and a solution of the portion was obtained. This was placed in the hydrogen apparatus used for the March test. When arsenic is present it comes off as a gas, and if a tube, through which the gas is passing, be heated, the gaseous arsenic compound is decomposed so that the arsenic is deposited as a black deposit called a mirror; if there is no arsenic, there would be no black deposit. I produce two tubes for the stomach and there are black deposits in each. If done with proper care and skill that is an infallible test; I used the greatest care and precautions in all the tests. I have a control of the test; the analysis is a control. I analysed sheep's liver at the same time, so that had any arsenic been present in the apparatus or the chemicals used it would have been detected; I got no mirror from the liver. I produce a table I have made containing the results of my various tests. In the stomach I found. 11 grains and in the intestines. 63 grains. I ascertained the amount of arsenic in the liver and intestine by weighing by a well-known process, not Marsh's test; in all the other cases I used Marsh's method. When I say in my table, "Total weight taken for Marsh," I mean the amount taken to produce the actual mirror. Excluding what I found in the hair, bone, and skin, the total weight I found in the body was 2.01 grains, which would indicate that more had been taken, because almost invariably when arsenic is taken the body refects it by vomiting, purging, and the passage of urine. There might have been up to five grains taken within three days of death. I did not know how to make the calculation as to how much there was in the skin and there was only the minutest trace in the bone; I could not calculate the hair very well, because the arsenic laid chiefly near the roots. (To the Court. It takes a little longer for the arsenic to reach the hair and the nails than any other part of the body. As regards the bone, it is stated that in chronic cases there is a considerable amount, but I cannot speak from my own experience.) It would take some few days for the arsenic to be deposited in the hair and nails. My opinion is that the fetal dose was taken within three, probably two, days of death. I found bismuth and traces of mercury corresponding to the proper medicinal administration of those drugs. Last night I analysed by the Marsh test the samples of carbonate of bismuth handed me by Sergeant Hayman and found they are practically free from arsenic; there is about one part in a million present; it would take at least 2 cwt. to produce two grains of arsenic. I came to the conclusion that the fatal dose was taken within two days of the death because of the relatively large amount found in the stomach and intestines. Arsenic had certainly been taken during the last two days, but I cannot say how long before; it is likely that it might have been taken a few days before, because of the presence of arsenic in the hair, nails, and skin, the deposition of which would probably take some few days. In a case of acute arsenical poisoning the stools would be offensive. but I do not think there is anything to distinguish those from epidemic diarrhoea. The body of a person dying from epidemic diarrhoea would decompose rapidly in hot weather and a person dying from acute arsenical poisoning would not decompose so rapidly, because the arsenic would probably exert some preservative action. On December 11 I analysed a packet of Mather's flypapers and have since analysed other papers. As the result of my first test I found in one paper 3.8 grains of arsenic and in the other 4.17 grains; these were obtained from Price. In two of Thorley's papers I found 4. 8 grains and 6 grains respectively; Dodd's 3. 8 grains, and Spink's 4. 1 grains; the highest was 6 and the lowest was 3. 8 grains. I did this by a scientific process which extracts the whole lot. I find if a paper is boiled in water for a few minutes nearly all the arsenic comes out; I immersed one of Needham's papers in about a quarter of a pint of water, boiled it five minutes and left it standing over night. I found 6. 6 grains in solution; 3 grains was the lowest quantity I obtained by boiling. The arsenic in the flypapers is in a particularly soluble form, being in combination with soda; 2. 01 grains might be sufficient to kill an adult person. I produce some of the fluid I obtained from boiling the flypapers (Exhibit 140); it has the colour of the paper and is slightly bitter. This is a slightly stronger extract which contains 1 grain (Exhibit 141). I produce a bottle of Valentine's meat juice. (To the Court. Arsenic is often given as a pick-me-up.) I think arsenic might be administered in Valentine's meat juice without detection; the Valentine's meat juice and the fly paper solution are exactly similar in colour. I produce a mixture of the juice and fly paper in solution (Exhibit 142). In chronic arsenical poisoning, as distinguished from acute, the patient suffers from anaemia and general weakness; vomiting, purging, and abdominal pain are usually not present; the skin often becomes brown and rashes appear; the eyes may become red, sore, and inflamed; chronic cough and irritation in the throat and, after a few weeks, signs of neuritis occur; pains in the limbs, numbness, and finally some paralysis; the finger nails are thickened and lose their lustre; the skin of the palms and soles often thickens; the hair may become coarse and fall out. I have examined the nails, palms, and soles; they are normal. I observed nothing to indicate chronic arsenical poisoning. Acute arsenical poisoning is the result of one or more fatal doses. The symptoms are of a very acute and pronounced character. The patient is faint, collapsed, has severe pain in the abdomen, vomiting and purging; sometimes cramp in the legs; death resulting in a few days. Constipation is an unusual symptom; there is thirst, greater or less, according to the extent of the vomiting and purging. As the result of my analyses, tests and extensions, in my opinion Miss Barrow's death was caused by acute arsenical poisoning. To Mr. Marshall Hall. I obtained from fly papers by boiling from 3 to 6 grains of arsenic each; in cold water I got from two papers 6 grain and 1.3 grains. With cold water the solution was paler and less bitter. If a fly paper were soaked 36 or 48 hours the solution might contain from 1 to 2 grains. If you reduce the quantity of fluid you increase the bitterness. 1-30th of a grain of arsenic three times a day is a common dose. Large doses of arsenic may be taken for months, or even a year, without producing arsenical poisoning it depends on the idiosyncrasy of the patient as with belladonna, morphia, and other drugs. In the Report of the Royal Commission many such cases are mentioned. I consider this a case of acute arsenical poisoning. After a fatal dose immediate burning in the throat and cramp are not constant. I should expect, after a dose like 4 or 5 grains, acute pain in the abdomen within 30 minutes; it depends on the state of the stomach; the more delicate or irritated the membrane, the more immediate would be the pain. Beyond the fact of there being 2 grains of arsenic in the entirety of the body, the only other symptom negativing death from epidemic diarrhoea was the preservation of the internal organs. I do not know that the calculated presence of half the quantity of arsenic would modify my view. Arsenic does kill microbes to some extent, but its effect is rather to prevent their growth. In the intestine, where there are millions swarming, arsenic would not kill them, but in the liver and kidneys where there are none it would prevent them growing. In my opinion in this case the extreme period between the fatal dose and death was three days; the minimum period five or six hours, conceivably less; in that case there would be very intense agony at first and then probably the patient would become faint and collapsed and not feel very much; it would be the same pain as in severe cholera or severe diarrhoea. In chronic arsenical poisoning the individual susceptibility varies some patients manifest extreme symptoms, others only slight. In preparing my experimental liquid I removed the entire organ from the body, separated a portion as a sample quantity, then took a similar portion of sheep's liver perfectly free from arsenic, which under the Marsh test discloses no mirror; to that is added arsenic, which is disclosed in the hydrogen apparatus on a mirror, with which is compared the mirror obtained from the suspected organ, and so by comparison I calculated the percentage of arsenic in the organ. The amount must be very minute; too big a mirror is detrimental to the experiment. I have here a series of standard mirrors so produced, showing 1-40th, 1-50th, and 1-60th of a milligramme and, comparing the mirror so obtained from the lungs, it corresponds with the 1-50th, the relative density of arsenic being shown by the more or less brownish tinge on the mirror to which it approximates:  A series of mirrors were explained to the Jury.  The 1-50th milligramme is about 1-3,240th part of a grain. The multiplying factorizing so large, great accuracy in the experiment is most important; the quantity on the mirror is visible, but is so small that it could not be weighed; it is metallic arsenic very finely subdivided; it could be reduced to a crystal of another compound of arsenic. The multiplying factor in the lungs is 50, in the stomach 200, in the kidneys 60. Portions were taken from both kidneys there is no practical difference in the dissemination of the poison in the right or left organ or lobe. The multiplying factor in the spleen was 13, in the heart 50. There was so little in the brain (.005 grain) that I leave that out; the multiplying factor was 11 1/2; in the nails and skin the quantity is very small. I get as the result: In the liver 17 grain; in the intestine 2-3rd grain; the other organs 1-30th, 1-30th, 1-30th; 1-1,944th grain; 1-3,240th; in the case of the brain 1-16,000th; in the ear 1-5,184th and so on. An error in the original measurement would make a great difference in the ultimate calculation. The weight of the body 14 days after exhumation was 67 lbs. 2 oz. I could not say what the weight of the body was in life. I should not accept chat it was 11 stone at death it would be less than 10 stone; it might have been 10 stone before the illness. In the case of the muscles, the sample taken was six grammes; I produced a mirror which I diagnose as 1-30th milligramme; the multiplying factor is about 1.940; I have no absolute weight of the muscles by which to multiply the sample; the result is. 03 grain about half the total calculated. I take the assumption that the weight of the muscle is 2-5th of the weight of the body. The body consists of bone, organs, blood, and muscle. The weights of the component parts to some extent depend on the amount of water in those parts. I do not claim chat my results are more than approximate. I examined the hair. In the proximal end I find 1-80th milligramme, in the distal end 1-300th. There is a possibility of minute quantities of arsenic being taken in certain foods; the quantities are about. 01 grain in a pound or gallon. In the hair the bulk of the arsenic is deposited in the proximal end, and reaches the distal end in the course of growth. The presence of arsenic in the distal end therefore is evidence of a long period of arsenic taking, the period being longer according to the quantity found in the distal end.  The cases mentioned in the Report of the Royal Commission were referred to. . 04 grain of arsenic to 1 lb. of hair may be present in normal hair in small amounts. If found in the hair it indicates that probably the arsenic has been taken for some period. 1-18th grain in 1 lb. weight of hair might mean that arsenic had been taken a year or more ago not that the taking had been continuous over that period. In my opinion Miss Barrow died of one full dose taken within three days of death. It is possible that the earlier symptons were due to previous non-fatal doses throughout the illness; arsenic is not a cumulative poison because of the expulsion of the faeces and urine; small doses would be rapidly expelled by the sickness and diarrhoea, and would be non-efficient so far as the fatal result was concerned. If a dose producing symptoms of poisoning were taken, another dose would have a greater effect. With regard to the hair, I ought to mention that I took the hair for analysis at the second examination; it had been lying in the coffin and was more or less soaked in the juices from the body. I washed it, but it is possible that some soakage may have occurred and the results may be a little higher. This opinion is borne out by the analysis of the hair obtained from the undertaker; the figure was lower 1-21st of a grain to 1 lb. If arsenic had been taken medicinally as a tonic it would not affect gastro enteritis; and if taken in quantity producing irritation of the stomach gastro enteritis would increase; the one would increase the other. I agree that from all Dr. Sworn could see, his certificate was amply justified. It is very unusual to analyse the faeces and urine for arsenic unless suspicion is aroused. It requires a special test by a specialist. The bismuth and chalk mixture would be beneficial if the illness had been caused by arsenic. I consider a fatal dose was given within two days of death; it may have been taken when Dr. Sworn last saw her; the effect would be diarrhoea and sickness. Re-examined. If arsenic had been given about September 1 and the treatment had been carbonate bismuth and the effervescing mixture described, assuming the dose not too large, the patient might recover; the vomiting, diarrhoea, and pain would gradually cease. I would not be more precise than to say the fatal dose must have been given within two days it may have been a few hours before death. I have not included any arsenic from the hair in my total of 2.01 grains in the body. The finding of arsenic in the distal end of the hair does not affect my opinion that this was a case of acute arsenical poisoning. There was 1-10th grain in the stomach, 2-3rd grain in the intestines; that must have got in within two days of death; also the amount in the liver. The chief reason for my opinion as to the cause of death is the amount found in the stomach and intestines, equal to 3-4th grain; my opinion is not altered in the slightest because of the arsenic found in the hair. Dr. Rosenheim, a physiological chemist, on behalf of the prisoner, visited me. I showed him the standard mirrors, the sample mirrors from every organ; he examined and matched them; the apparatus was set up, and he could have used it there and then if necessary. The result must be approximate it is obtained by taking fairly the scientific test. With regard to the amount of muscle I endeavoured to ascertain the amount the usual assumption would have given rather more. To Mr. Marshall Hall. The sample of the intestines was about 1-5th of the total; it was taken from different parts the duodenum and so on passing down and made into a solution which was completely mixed. There are many places where an analysis of the urine, etc., can be made for a few shillings. (Friday, March 8.) WILLIAM HENRY WILLCOX, recalled, gave details of further experiments he had made with a view to showing that arsenic extracted by soaking flypapers could be administered with brandy. To Mr. Marshall Hall. The standardised mirrors that I have produced here were made specially for the purposes of this case. This closed the case for the prosecution. Mr. Marshall Hall submitted that there was not sufficient evidence against either of the prisoners to justify their being put in peril upon the charge of murder. This case was absolutely unique. In all previous cases of murder by poisoning especially where two persons were charged together there had been direct tracing of the poison into the possession of the accused. Here not a tittle of evidence had been offered that either of the prisoners possessed arsenic in any form, and there was no evidence that either prisoner had had opportunity of administering arsenic. Indeed, there was no evidence that Miss Barrow died of arsenical poisoning; the finding of traces of arsenic in the distal ends of the hair was an indication, not of the taking just before death of a fatal dose, but of a continuous course of arsenic consumption over 12 months or more. The Marsh test was a qualitative, not a quantitative, test; it was effective for detecting the presence of arsenic, but useless for the purpose of measuring the quantity; the quantities dealt with were so infinitesimal that the minutest fraction of margin of error would altogether vitiate the calculation. Mr. Rentoul, on behalf of Mrs. Seddon, said that he adopted all that had been put forward by Mr. Marshall Hall, and added that, weak as the case was against the male prisoner, it was immeasurably weaker against Mrs. Seddon. Mr. Justice Bucknill (without calling on the Attorney-General) said that he would follow the course he always adopted in cases of this kind in which arguments had, at this stage, been submitted which he was unable to adopt; he would confine himself to saying that the case must proceed. (Defence.) Mr. Marshall Hall opened the case on behalf of the male prisoner. SYDNEY ARTHUR NAYLOR, auctioneer, 256, High Road, Tottenham. I have known Seddon about six years. In June or July, 1909, I saw him at a public-house in Seven Sisters Road, at a meeting of the Legion of Frontiersmen; later we went to his shop in the same road, where he carried on the business of a wardrobe maker. He talked about the success he was having in that business and the profits he was making. He showed me a bag of gold containing about  150 or  200 in sovereigns. Cross-examined. He said he kept the money by him in order to pick up any cheap stocks for cash. I understood that the wardrobe business was his own. He carried it on for about 12 months. WILLIAM JOHN WILSON, a post office employe, said that he was with the previous witness when Seddon produced the bag of gold. FREDERICK HENRY SEDDON (prisoner, on oath). I am 40 years of age. I have been employed by the London and Manchester Industrial Assurance Company since I was 19 years old; since 1896 I held the position of district superintendent; since 1901 superintendent for the Islington district. I have five children living, the eldest a boy of 17, the youngest a girl now 12 months old. About eight years ago I purchased 57, Isledon Road; I sold the house at a profit, and invested  400 in Cardiff stock, which I still have. I have always been in the habit of keeping ready money at hand, never less than  50. Prior to February, 1909, I lived at Southend for 12 months, coming up daily to London to attend to my insurance business. I then lived at 267, Seven Sisters Road, where my wife and I carried on a ladies' wardrobe maker's business; I found the money, but the business was carried on in my wife's name, as it was hardly a business for a man to be engaged in. I did not bank the profits; I kept the cash in a safe. I had two safes, one in my office and one in my bed-room. I remember the evening spoken to by Naylor and Wilson; they are slightly wrong in the amount, but I did show them  100 or  130 in gold; it was the balance I happened to have in hand on that day. In August, 1909, I. purchased 63, Tollington Park. About this time my wife and I had a little difference on family matters, and we separated for a short time. I shut down the wardrobe business, as it was not one that I could engage in. My first idea in buying 63, Tollington Park, was to let it out in flats. Eventually, about January, 1910, I moved in there with my wife. To save the rent of a separate office I used a room in the basement as my office for insurance business; my family occupied the first three floors, and we let the upper floor. I kept one safe in my basement office and one in my bedroom. On going into this house I counted the cash I had; it was about  220 or  230. I kept this amount in gold so that, if anything happened to me, the money would be readily available to pay off the mortgage of  200 which was upon the house. In July, 1910, my second floor rooms were vacant, and I instructed Messrs. Gilbert and Howe, house agents, to secure a tenant. Miss Barrow called, with Mrs. Hook, and saw the rooms, and Miss Barrow agreed to take them at 12s. a week. Miss Barrow, Mr. and Mrs. Hook, and Ernest Grant came in. They turned out to be undesirable tenants; there was some disturbance in the house, which I was not used to, and I gave Miss Barrow notice to quit. She said she did not want to leave, that the cause of the trouble was Mr. Hook, that she was afraid of him; she asked me to speak to him; I said she had better speak to him herself. This was on a Saturday; the next day Hook and his wife, with Ernest Grant, were out all day, leaving Miss Barrow quite unattended, although she could not wait on herself. My wife and daughter informed me that she had been crying all day. I said I would speak to Hook when he came home, because I had understood that the arrangement was that the Hooks were occupying Miss Barrow's rooms on the condition that they would look after her. There was no arrangement that my wife or family or servant should do any cooking or anything else for Miss Barrow. To satisfy me, Miss Barrow gave Hook a written notice to quit. He wrote her a reply, rather cruel and abrupt, saying that if he went he would have to take Ernie with him. It is untrue that I ever suggested to Miss Barrow that she should get rid of the Hooks. She was distressed at the idea of parting from Ernie, and she said to me, "As landlord, cannot you tell Hook to go"; I told her that she was my tenant, not Hook, and that if she so desired I would tell him to go. When he came in that night I knocked at his bedroom door; he took no notice; so I fixed on the door a notice to quit. He saw me the next morning. Miss Barrow had claimed my protection. I told him that I was not used to this kind of thing in my home and he must get out. Up to this time while the Hooks were in the house I did not know that Miss Barrow had a cash box. Upon this bother with the Hooks she was terribly upset; she came down to my dining room and asked me to shut the door; my wife and daughter were there. She said, would I put her cash box in my safe, for safety, as she was afraid Hook might take it with him when he was leaving. I said, "How much have you in the box"; she said, "Between  30 and  35"; I said, "I would not like taking the responsibility of minding your cash box if you are not sure how much is in it, without you count it out in my presence; then I will give you a receipt for the box and its contents." She said she would take it upstairs and make sure how much was in it. She went upstairs, taking the box with her; I naturally thought she would return in a little while; she did not; she locked herself in her room. I never had possession of the cash box; Hook left that day and I supposed she did not trouble any further. I did not see the cash box again until after her death. After the Hooks left an arrangement was come to that my daughter Maggie should look after her, receiving a shilling a day as pocket money; she was to do the cooking, look after the rooms, and so on. In the autumn of 1910 my wife and daughter told me that Miss Barrow was continually crying and very despondent, and greatly worried about her property, and they asked me to see her. On a Sunday in September I had a conversation with her. I asked her what her troubles were. She said she had a public-house, the "Buck's Head," at Canning Town, that it was her principal source of income, that she had had a lot of trouble with the ground landlords about the Compensation Fund, that Lloyd George's Budget had upset licensed premises by increased taxation, that her tenants, Truman, Hanbury, Buxton and Company, had a lot of licensed houses, and she was afraid they would have to close some of them; she also had a shop next door to the "Buck's Head," a barber's shop, which was largely dependant on the licensed house, and if she lost this it would mean a loss of  3 a week to her. I asked her as to her other sources of income. She told me that she had some  1,600 worth of India stock, upon which she had lost a lot of money; she had bought it at 108, and at that time it was down to 94. I told her that there was nothing much to worry about as to that; it was gilt-edged security; it would keep her out of the workhouse, anyway. I asked her what she wanted. She said she would like to purchase an annuity, the same as a friend of her's (she did not give me the name, but I subsequently learned from the Vonderahes that she was referring to a Mrs. Smith). I said, "You must remember an annuity dies with you." She said she did not mind that, she had only herself to consider, as her relations and friends had treated her so badly. She said if she could get an annuity of  2 10s. or  3 a week she would be pleased. I said, "What is the value of your public-house and barber's shop." She said she did not know and she was not sure whether her title was clear. I said, "The best thing you can do is to consult a solicitor." She said she had had quite enough of solicitors; they charged too much. I said the best thing for her to do was to go to the post office. I did not myself go to the post office. She brought me this document (Exhibit 49) from the post office. She just told me her age was 48; the cost of an annuity would be then  17 13s. 2d. for  1 per annum. On telling me she was 49 I said she would get it for 7s. a year less and I marked the annuity form. I told her she would have to pay  1,700 for an annuity of  100, and she said, "My stock is not worth that, is it?" Her objection to it was that she would have to part with all that money and wait six months before she got any return. I will not swear that this is the document I handed to the coroner on November 23; she asked, Could you grant the annuity to me?" and she proposed to transfer both her property and her stock to me. I calculated, knowing what I did of the annual income and the lease of property and the value of the stock, I could grant her an annuity of between  2 10s. and  3 a week. I took into consideration if I paid her  10 a month and allowed her to live rent free it would mean  3 or  3 2s. a week  151 5s. per annum. I had then no actuarial value of the property; I reckoned  1 a week from stock and  3 a week from the property. On October 14, 1910, the stock was transferred to me, but before the bargain could legally be finally concluded it was necessary to get a value of the property and to satisfy her that she had the power to convey. She said she would be very pleased if the annuity began in the New Year. I did not sell the stock until three or four months afterwards and the whole of the proceeds of that and the property are still intact and are held under order of the court restraining anybody from dealing with them. Investigations into the property began in about October, 1910. This letter (Exhibit 150), dated October 15, is from her to me; it gives me liberty to have her title investigated; stating that all expenses must be paid by myself, and that she was instructing her tenants to forward rents direct to me. I took the documents down to Mr. Keeble, of Russell and Sons, and explained the situation to him. I asked Robson and Perrin to let me know their fees to make a valuation and they sent me a letter they received from Mr. Brangwin, surveyor, of Great Russell Street, dated December 7, valuing the property at  706 (Exhibit 151). As far as I know, the facts upon which he based the valuation are accurate. (The Attorney-General stated that he would accept that.) Negotiations went on till January 4, 1911, when Miss Barrow wrote to Messrs. Russell, agreeing to the transfer of the property on consideration of my paying her  52 a year and arranging an appointment when she should meet them and sign a deed of conveyance. They advised she should be separately represented and I concurred. She was represented by Mr. Knight. I paid all the expenses, including a separate cheque for Mr. Knight's  4 13s., as she would not pay them. I explained to her that the expenses had been heavier than I had anticipated and that she ought to pay Mr. Knight's fee. She said she had no money to spare, but later she gave me a small diamond ring, I wore it on my little finger until after her death and then I had it made larger to fit my third finger. Mr. Knight wrote her on January 10 stating that he had safeguarded her interests in the transaction. On January 11 the assignment took place; Mr. Knight was present and witnessed her signature. The annuity was to be paid on the first of every month, and I paid her  10 in advance in the first week in January,  4. for the property and  6 for the stock. I always got two receipts. There is the letter (Exhibit 182)) she wrote to the surveyor of income tax certifying that she was in receipt of  124 per annum for value received. (Two series of receipts dating from January 11, 1911, till September 6, 1911, showing that  6 and  4 a month had been received from prisoner by Miss Barrow in respect of the stock and property respectively every month (Exhibit 153) were put to witness.) All these are in her handwriting. In January, 1911, I instructed Mr. Keeble to sell the stock, having entered into negotiations to buy leasehold property in Coutts Road, Stepney, and on January 25 it was sold for  1,519 16s.; I placed  1,400 cheque on deposit at the bank on which it was drawn (this was just sufficient to pay for the property) and drew the remainder. I had still got the  220 in the safe)  70 of the balance of  119 16s. I put on deposit in the London and Provincial Bank, and the remainder I added to my current account. In March I drew the  1,400 and paid for the 14 leasehold houses, less  70, which I had paid on deposit by a cheque drawn by my solicitor on my current account. On March 7 I paid in a further  30, into my deposit account, bringing it up to  100. About the end of February my father came to live with us. The reason why the letter dated March 27 (Exhibit 7) came to be written was that she had been out to see some funeral and she returned very despondent and talking about funerals and death; she asked me what would happen to the furniture and jewellery that had belonged to Ernest and Hilda Grant's parents if anything happened to her. She was afraid that the Hooks or her relations would get it; so I told her she ought to have a solicitor and get a will drawn up, as if she did not her legal next-of-kin would come into it. Whenever I mentioned a solicitor she got annoyed. On returning that night my wife handed me (Exhibit 7) which Miss Barrow had given her, and I put h in my secretaire. In about May, 1911, there was trouble with the Birkbeck Bank, and she asked me if my wife could go with her to draw the money out of the bank in Upper Street as it looked as if all the banks were going smash. On June 19 she went with my wife and drew out  216 19s. 7d. I never saw it. My wife told me that she brought the money into the house in gold, and I told Miss Barrow that I did not consider her trunk was a safe thing to keep such a sum of money, especially in my house. On August 1 she went to see Dr. Paull, accompanied, I believe, by my wife. From the 5th to the 8th we all went to Southend. The last week in August and the first week in September were intensely hot. She and the boy sometimes sat in the garden. The boy was very friendly with my children and was treated as one of the family. I believe she and the boy had their meals in her kitchen. I understood that she always bought her own food. Maggie cooked it in her kitchen. I cannot say whether Mrs. Seddon cooked it downstairs on some occasions. When they first came the boy used to sleep with her, but on my advice she bought a bed and he slept in the small room until she took ill on September 2. On September 1 my wife told me that she had a bilious attack; I wanted to pay her her annuity, and my wife told me not to trouble her as she was resting. On September 2 she sent a message down by my wife that she thought she could manage to sign for her annuity. I paid her  10 in gold, as I always did. She signed the two receipts, one of which is dated August 17. I cannot say if she got better or worse after that. On September 4 I went up to remonstrate with her for leaving her bedroom and going into the boy's back room; my wife who told me about this, was upset about it. When Dr. Paull was sent for and he could not come, I suggested that Dr. Sworn should be telephoned for. When I went to her room on September 4 there were a lot of flies in her room. my wife told me that she had complained about them and that is why she had left her room, saying that the flies annoyed her and the room was too hot. My wife told me that she had got some flypapers on that date. From first to last I never handled a flypaper that came into the house. The firs; time I heard of Mather's flypapers was at the police court. On the night of September 11 when the will was signed saw a couple on her chest of drawers and a couple on the mantel-piece in saucers they were those that you put water on; I cannot say whether they were Mather's or not. I did not know they contained arsenic, and I never boiled one or ever made a concoction from them in any other way. On September 11 my wife told me that she was worrying again about the furniture and jewellery for Ernest and Hilda Grant. I said, "Why did not she do what I told her and have a solicitor?" She said, "She wants to see you about it." I went up to her about 5 p.m. and asked her what she wanted. She said, "I do not feel well, and I would like to see, if anything happened to me, that Hilda and Ernest Grant got what belonged to their father and mother"; she said there was some jewellery that belonged to the parents and there was a watch and chain that belonged to the father. I said, "Don't you think I had better call in a solicitor and have a proper will made out." She said, "Cannot you do it for me." I said I would. I was very busy at the time with my own business and I had my sister and her daughter down from Wolverhampton, so between 5 and 6 p.m. I drafted a will up hurriedly, including what sue had mentioned. Between 6 and 7 I asked my father and my wife to come up and witness her signature to it and we went up. I read it to her and asked her if it would do. She asked for her glasses to read it herself. My wife asked my father to pass her glasses from the mantelpiece, and he did so. She read the will and asked me where to sign. We propped her back up with pillows, and she signed it half reclining. I put the will on the little table and showed my wife and my father where to sign and explained to Miss Barrow they were witnesses. She said, "Thank you. Thank God, that will do." It was my intention to take it to Mr. Keeble and get him to draft it up in proper legal form and bring it up for her signature. I never gave it a thought as to whether it mentioned her money; I had never drafted wills before. My wife had told me that she would not take the chalky mixture that the doctor had given her and the doctor had given her some effervescent mixture which had to be drunk during effervescence, but she would not take it while it was fizzing, and would I speak to her about it. So on this occasion I said to her, "Are not you aware that your medicine is no good to you without you drink it during effervescence?" I asked my wife to give me a dose and I would see if I could get her to take it during effervescence. My wife gave me two glasses to hold and she poured some out of two bottles in them, and when I put the two together it fizzed. I said I would practise on myself, and I put the two mixtures together. I noticed the effervescence went off very rapidly, so I drank it myself, and told Miss Barrow that that is how she was to drink it. I repeated it and handed it to her, but she did not drink it during effervescence. I told my wife she ought to tell the doctor about it and that she ought to go to the hospital. The only other occasion I ever gave her anything was on the last night when I gave her a drop of brandy. A day or two before the 11th my sister's husband wrote asking if she might come and stay with us. I wrote and said I had got an old lady ill in the house, but if she liked to come and take "pot luck" she could do so. She arrived with her daughter at about 4 p.m. on the 11th. We gave our best bedroom to her and we went into the first floor back room and we put up an extra bed in the back room next to Miss Barrow's for my father and my sons. Chater slept in the room she had always occupied with Maggie and my youngest daughter, and the baby slept with my wife. On the night of the 11th all of us, except Maggie, went to the Finsbury Empire. On the morning of the 13th my father, my sister, and her daughter and my children went to the White City. I believe I was in bed when Dr. Sworn called between 10 and 11 a.m. I went out about two and returned about seven for a hurried tea. I then went to the Marlborough Theatre about 7.45; I had a dispute there about a florin and a half-crown. At about midnight I came home and I heard from my wife that Miss Barrow had called out, "I'm dying." I said, "Is she?" and she "No," and smiled. Dr. Sworn lives about twenty-five minutes from us; I could do it in about fifteen or twenty. I had been in about half an hour when Ernie called out, "Mrs. Seddon, Chickie wants you." My wife told me she had been calling like that and that she had put hot flannels on her. She had been up several nights that week till the early hours of the morning, and it was nothing unusual for the boy to call out. She was resting on the couch, and I said, "Never mind, I'll go and see what she wants." She said, "Never mind, I'll go." I said I would go and I asked my sister to go up with me. We both went up, my wife following immediately after. I said to Miss Barrow, This is a sister of mine that is down from Wolverhampton. You know Mrs. Seddon is tired out and I would like you to try and let her have a little sleep. It will do you more good to rest." She said Oh, but I have had such pains." I said, "Mrs. Seddon says she has put hot flannels on you and done all she can for you." She did not take much interest in my sister, and she left the room. She asked for more hot flannels and a drop of brandy. I said, "My good woman, don't you know it is after one o'clock in the morning. We can't get brandy now." My wife told me there was a drop in the bottle, and I gave her a half and left the rest; I think there was a soda syphon there and I put a drop of soda in it. I had not the smallest suspicion that she was seriously ill; every night had been alike; my wife had been up and down with hot flannels every night that week. I left my wife to prepare hot flannels and went downstairs; my sister had hardly got to the bottom of the stairs; I had only been about five minutes in the room. I had a conversation with my sister. I went to bed between 2 and 2.20 a.m. I could not bear to be in MissBarrow's room on account of the shocking smell; I have a delicate stomach. My sister said that we should not allow the boy to sleep with her, and I said if we did not allow it we would not get any sleep at all; she either wanted my wife or the boy. We had been in bed a few minutes when the boy called Mrs. Seddon again. She went up alone. That was twice she had her called up within half an hour. The third time she called I went up with my wife; I went up to see if I could not get her to sleep; I explained to her that if she was going to have Mrs. Seddon up all night, she would have no one to wait on her and that we should have to get a nurse or she would have to go to the hospital. She said she could not help it. Ernie said he was tired and could not get any sleep. My wife said she was going to sit up with her, so I told the boy to go to his bed. Miss Barrow closed her eyes as if she was going to sleep, and my wife attempted to leave the room when she opened her eyes and asked for Ernie; she did not like to ask for Mrs. Seddon again. I told Ernie to get back to her bed again. Later I sent him to his own bed. Each time she went up my wife made hot flannels for her, getting the hot water from Miss Barrow's kitchen. We then left her and we had been in bed 15 minutes when the boy shouted, "Chickie is out of bed." We rushed up and found her sitting in an upright position at the foot of the bed and the boy was holding her up by the arms. I asked her what she was doing out of bed, but she made no reply; she did not complain of pain; she seemed to know what she was doing. We lifted her into the bed and the wife agreed to my suggestion to stay with her. I sent the boy to his bed; it was getting on for 4 a.m. My wife told me to go to bed, but I said I would put my pipe on and keep her company; I stood at the door smoking my pipe, and I kept going up and down to see to the baby. My wife sat in an easy chair by the bed. Miss Barrow went into a sleep and I said, "She seems to have gone into a nice sleep." My wife said it was no good to go to bed again as we should only be called up again. We decided that she should go to the hospital next day and I would tell Dr. Sworn so. Miss Barrow was snoring for an hour or an hour and a half after that a kind of breathing through the mouth. I was smoking and reading and my wife was dozing when this snoring did not seem quite so heavy and all of a sudden it stopped. I said, "Good God, she's dead"; this was about 6. 15 6. 20 by her clock. I was in a terrible state," and I hurried off for Dr. Sworn. He gave me a certificate; I did not expect it then. I got back about 8 a.m. I saw Mrs. Rutt come; my wife had sent for her. They laid the body out. I helped to lift the body while the feather bed was taken from under her. I asked my wife if she knew where the keys were, and she handed me a bunch with one of which I opened the trunk. At the top I found the cash box, which I put on the bed and opened in their presence with another of the keys. In it I found four sovereigns and a half sovereign. In the afternoon we started to search the room; we had already searched the trunk right through in the presence of Mrs. Rutt. I felt there might be more money. In the drawer in which my wife had found the keys I found in the fold of a paper three sovereigns wrapped up in separate pieces of tissue paper. In the pocket of a handbag which was hanging on the bed I found  2 10s. There was another loose kind of string bag. I sent my children and Ernie to Mrs. Henderson's at Southend; I thought I would not tell Ernie of her death till he had recovered a little from the shock. At 11. 30 a.m., when I had not yet found the balance of the money I went to see Nodes. His account of our conversation is practically correct, but there is a lot that he has forgotten. I didn't say, "Old girl." I told him I had only found  4 10s., and there were the doctor's fees to be paid and he said he would give me a very nice "cum out" for  4, with a composite carriage. When he asked me who was going to the funeral, I said, "I do not know yet; I am going to drop a line to the relatives, though they have never been near during the time she has lived in the house and they parted very bad friends. I don't know whether they will come to the funeral or not. If they don't turn up there will be me and the wife and the father to go." He explained to me what a composite carriage was, and assured me that it would be quite a respectable "turn out." I asked if it could easily be altered if the relatives, turned up, and he said coaches could be added. I have known him over 10 years. I gave all my agents his business cards to try and introduce him business. He drove me to my house. Miss Barrow had told me there was a vault in her family, but when her mother was buried it was full up. On going in the trap, he said, "Between you and me I would not do it for anybody else, but I can do this funeral for  3 7s. 6d., but, of course, I will give you a receipt for  4." I said, "A little bit of commission like?" When we got to the house the smell in the room was so bad that I had to leave. He suggested that the body should go to the mortuary, and he also suggested the burial on Saturday. I would not decide at once. I had a cup of tea and at about 1 p.m. Taylor arrived and Smith soon after. I joined them later. After a talk with my wife and father we decided to have the funeral on Saturday as it was a slack day for me, and otherwise it would have to be postponed till Sunday; the condition of the body had also to be considered. I telephoned to Nodes falling in with his suggestion. I saw Taylor and Smith in my office about 4 p.m. I complained I was worn out and could do with a sleep. Smith suggested I should lie down and I said I thought I would, but I should have first to send a letter to the deceased's relatives to let them know she was dead and that the funeral was on Saturday. I had got some mourning paper in my pocket in the office at the side of the safe and 2 got my typewriter and put it on the desk underneath the pendant where I generally sit when I use the typewriter, because there is a flat counter there. I sent the Vonderahes an intimation that she had died. This (produced) is a carbon copy on the other sheet of mourning paper; I had only two sheets. On March 27 Miss Barrow had given me their address, and I did not know they had moved. I called my daughter and told her to post. it and to catch the five o'clock post as I wanted them to get it that night. Smith asked me if he could go out and get a drop of brandy as he felt bad himself, and I said, Yes"; he followed Maggie out. Subsequently he came to me of his own accord and said he had seen the inquest in the paper. I said, "Did you know that the Vonderahes have denied receiving a letter?" and I asked him if he recollected my saying that before I could go for a rest I had to write to them. He said, "I do, perfectly well. You wrote it on mourning paper and put it on my desk in the envelope." I said I was glad he had noticed that and he said, "Yes, and I saw Maggie post the letter and I patted her shoulder as I passed her and said, 'Good afternoon'" My wife and Maggie and I think my father were present. I asked him if he thought Taylor would remember it, and he said if he refreshed his memory as I had done his, he thought perhaps he would. He said he was quite willing to give evidence and I instructed Mr. Saint to secure his attendance. Nodes took the body away and I got a lock of hair for Ernie and Hilda Grant. (Saturday, March 9.) FREDERICK HENRY SEDDON (prisoner, recalled, further examined). Miss Barrow used to go out every day, taking the boy to the school in the morning, bringing him back to dinner, taking him to school again and bringing him home. As far as I could see she was healthy and strong, but from my observations as an insurance superintendent she was not a life I could recommend for insurance; her complexion was very sallow, but she used to walk about a good deal. About 6 p.m. on September 14 I found Smith and Taylor in my office. On this occasion they had been taking the collectors' money. I always count it up into bags and put it into my safe, and then when I go to bed I take it upstairs and put it into my bedroom safe; I never leave any in the office safe over Thursday night. On the following afternoon I pay it into my Bank. I think I had to pay in on this occasion  57, having deducted all expenses. On this night the silver was in three bags and the gold in one bag; the gold consisting of  29 of the company's money and  35 of my own, out of  80 I had in my office safe, which I intended adding to my current account; I still had the  100 in my safe upstairs. I had originally  100 in the office safe, but I had reduced that to  80 in this way. On several occasions Miss Barrow had given me a  5 note for her rent, and I had taken  5 in gold out of the bedroom safe to cash it, replacing it by the note; this had been done to the tune of  25 between October and January, so in my bedroom safe there would be  75 gold and  25 notes. By January I had reduced my current account by the  34 I had paid to Russell and Sons. I took these  25 notes to the bank on January 13 to make up my balance. I subsequently reduced the amount in the office by  20, leaving  80 there, and with  5 I had loose I brought up the amount in the bedroom safe by adding this to  100. On one occasion in October Miss Barrow gave me a  5 note and  4 8s. 4d. in cash to pay the ground rent of the "Buck's Head," and I sent a cheque through my own bank; the item appears in my bank book. Those are the only occasions I remember receiving notes from Miss Barrow. On this night I took the  80 out of the safe to count  35 from it, and so I would have with the  29 of the company's money  109 in gold on my desk, and three bags containing exactly  15 silver. I returned the  45 balance to my safe. It is not true that I had the bags on my arm; I put them in the slide till, which I put into the cupboard. Taylor and Smith left the office about midnight. On the following day I paid into the credit of my current account  88 4s. 8d., consisting of  29 of the company's money,  35 my money, and  15 17s. 6d. in silver and 30s. in copper,  6 17s. 2d. in cheques and postal orders, and  7 16s., this last being into a separate account that I kept for the rents of the Coutts Road property. On that day my current account is debited with  100, which was the transfer of the Coutts Road property profit rental for the half year, and that sum was added to my deposit account, bringing it up to  200. I put  30 of the  45 in my office safe into the Post Office Savings Bank in gold. On the Saturday I went to see Mrs. Longley off, and on my return I happened to be passing the jewellers' shop, so I called with the diamond ring. On September 18 I applied for three shares in the Building Society, paying for them  90 in gold from my bedroom safe, leaving there  10. These annuity receipts represent  91 I had paid to Miss Barrow; I always paid her in gold. On occasions I wrote the cheque payable to "Self," drew the  10, and paid that to her to save breaking into the money I had. (To bear out this statement witness read from his counterfoil cheque book four items, dated January 31, March 1, March 31, and July 31, marked F. H. S.,  10.") In two cases counterfoils are marked "E.M.B.  10," and as to the other five payments I withheld  10 from the company's money I had to pay and debited my own account with the sums. (I wish to correct a statement I have made; on the night of September 24 I had  70 in my office safe, and not  80.) I was out when the Vonderahes called on the night of September 19. I stopped in to see them next day, as they left a message to say they were coming. Two women called. I said to one, "Are you Mrs. Frank Vonderahe?" and the smaller woman said, "No, I am. "I said, "How is it you did not answer my letter and come to the funeral?" She went quite flushed, and seemed a little excited; she said, "We never got no letter." I pulled the copy of the letter I had written out of my pocket, and she read it. She said, "We never received a letter." She told me, on my asking, that she lived at Corbyn Street, and I said that the letter was addressed to Evershot Road, and that she had better make inquiries at the post office about it. She said they had heard. Miss Barrow was dead, and they had come to interview me respecting it. Later she asked me about the investments, and I said that she had disposed of them to purchase an annuity. I gave her a statement, and said, "Here is a full statement of it." I also gave her a copy of the will and three mourning cards. The original will was in my safe upstairs. I told them on their asking that she was buried at Finchley. She said, "In a public grave?" I said, "Yes." She said, "Fancy and she had got a family vault." I said, "It is full up." She said, "No, it is not," and I said it would be an easy matter for the relatives to remove the body. She said, "Whoever had persuaded her to part with her money must have been a very clever person." I said that she was anxious to purchase an annuity, as a friend of her's had had an annuity, and this friend had no worries whatever, whereas she was constantly worried about it. They said to each other, "Oh! it would be that Mrs. Smith;" that is the first I knew of her existence. Mrs. Frank Vonderahe said that Miss Barrow had been a bad wicked woman all her life and that a public grave was good enough for her; she spoke about quarrels that had taken place between her and Ernie's mother and that they had thrown things at one another, and that it was a good job for the boy that she had passed away; she said, "She even spat at us before she left." I said, "She was only a woman that wanted humouring, and you ought to take into consideration her infirmities." They spoke of her as a vindictive woman and that I did not know her as they did. I never found her vindictive. They asked what was going to become of the boy and I said, "Unless the boy's relatives interfere there is a home for him here." I clothed and kept him. My wife showed them some underclothes she had made for him and they said they could see he had got a good home. They also said that they always told their husbands that she would never leave anything to them and they were not surprised that she had left them nothing. They asked me if I would see their husbands; I said that we were going away for a fortnight, but I would gladly see them on my return. On my return in October I sent Ernie round to say I was back. On October 9 Mr. Vonderahe came with a man I assumed to be his brother. He said, however, his brother was ill. I said, "What did you want to bring a stranger for? This only concerns the legal next-of-kin." He said, "Surely, there is no reason why you should not speak in the presence of my friend." I said, "Well, I don't know. I understand that you have put the matter in the hands of a solicitor." He said, "My brother is not well; he could not come." I said, "What would you like to know, because I have placed all the information in the hands of your wife? I sent you a copy of the will. I gave you a statement in writing as to what she had done with her properties and purchased an annuity. I also showed your wife a letter that she had written to me stating that you treated her badly and she did not wish her relations to benefit. What else would you like to know?" He wanted to see the original will. I said he had a copy and he said, "Can't I see the original will?" I said, If you are the legal next-of-kin you can." He said, "I am." I said, "I understand there is an elder brother"; I had learnt that from Miss Barrow. He said, "Supposing he is dead?" I said, "It is a very easy matter to get a copy of the certificate of death and swear an affidavit that you are the legal next-of-kin and I will go into details with you." He said, "I don't want to be bothered with solicitors." I said, "You have got all the information I can give you and I put it down in writing and I am prepared to stand by it. Everything has been done in perfect order." He said, "Who is the landlord of the 'Bucks Head' and the barber's shop?" I said, "I am." He said, "How did you come by it?" I said, "I have already told you that if you will prove to me you are the legal next-of-kin, I will go into further details with you." He asked about the boy, and I said, "He has a comfortable home here unless the relations interfere with him. Of course I have no legal claim on him any more than Miss Barrow had, but I should like you to know he has got a good home and if the uncles can give him a better home than he has got here and they wish to take him, I cannot stop it." My wife showed him some flannel underclothing she had made for the boy and he said, "I can see the boy is well cared for." We parted on quite friendly terms. I beard he had been making inquiries at the undertaker's, who had advised him to see a solicitor, but he said he did not want to bother with them. On November 22 the coroner's officer called upon me and made inquiries about the death, and I answered them and gave evidence at the inquest on the following day. On December 4 I was arrested. I used the  15 in my safe downstairs for my holiday at Southend. On November 27 I withdrew  47 17s. 9d. from the post office, leaving a balance of  20. The bag marked " 19" found in my safe was the gold I drew of the  47 17s. 9d., less  1. I never purchased or administered arsenic in any shape or form, and I never advised, directed, or instructed the purchase or administration of arsenic in any shape or form; that I swear. Cross-examined. Miss Barrow was not a woman you could be in love with; I deeply sympathised with her; she was nine years older than me. I advised her in her financial matters; she only placed herself under my protection as against Hook. She must have possessed her India stock when she came to us; it brought her in a trifle over  l a week. She was also drawing  120 a year from her leasehold property (this is not taking into account the compensation fund), the lease had about 18   years to run; I was under the impression that the sub-leaseholders, Truman, Hanbury, and Company, could give up the tenancy, but at the time the assignment was made to me Mr. Keeble advised me that that was not the fact. She had also over  200 in the Finsbury Savings Bank. I do not know how much she had in the cash box when she came to us; I never saw inside; she said she had  30 or  35 in it. I knew she had notes in October, but I do not know where she got them from. She had no other banking account to my knowledge. I did not know that she was deeply attached to Ernie; J learn; that they quarreled a lot; he was very useful to her and she fed and clothed him. She was satisfied that he had a good home with me after she died, because I often promised her what; I think the first time I promised her was when she returned from the funeral. All that she had left when she died was the  10 and her furniture and jewellery of the value of  10 14s. 6d., according to Mr. Gregory's inventory. Up to the time of the annuity she paid me 19s. a week, being the rent and 7s. for Maggie; she did not live as simply as ourselves; I cannot say if she lived well within her income; she had everything she fancied. I knew my wife had one bank note from her, but she now tells me that she had 27, and I admit six; Miss Barrow apparently turned  165 into cash and I do not attempt to deny that she had that when in my house. The first time I heard that my wife had given a false name and address in cashing the notes was at the police court; I questioned her in the dock because it was a big surprise to me; she told me that Miss Barrow had always had the change and she explained if she went into a shop where she was not known to buy a small article she did not want everybody to know who she was; she only gave a false name and address where she was not known. She has not had time to give me much explanation. I do not know over what period she changed them. My company do an annuity business, but I never introduced any. I should get a commission if I did, but I do not know what it is. I never did any annuity business in my life before this. I agree it has turned out a profitable investment for me, but only from the monetary point of view. The leasehold property that I bought with the India stock brought me in  4 a week, whereas she only received  1 a week from the stock. I gave her an annuity certificate I drew up myself, signed and witnessed over a sixpenny stamp. The original is with the duplicate deed of the Buck's Head of which Miss Barrow had charge. As far as security to her was concerned, I bound myself by legal documents to pay her her annuity and I carried out my obligations. She was advised to have a solicitor, but she would' not have one. I gave her better value than the Post Office by over  460. It is true that I had no longer to pay her annuity after her death, but that only meant that I benefited to the extent of  1 8s. a week since I had to pay for Ernie's keep 15s. a week and I lost 7s. a week that she paid to Maggie for helping; these sums deducted from  2 8s. left  2 8s. and I was then in receipt of  14 14s. 3d. weekly. I believe I did try to effect the transfer of the stock to me at first without solicitors or stockbrokers; I drafted up a document which was destroyed because I intended putting the whole thing in the hands of Russell and Sons. Mr. Keeble advised me that a document of that description would be of no account. I had decided myself before then it would be insufficient; one thought led to another. My wife, her brother, Arthur Jones, and a Mr. Rodert witnessed the signatures, so the document was complete for what it was worth. I was not anxious at the inquest that the fact of this document being drawn up should not come out. I wished the assurance to be given to Jones that he was not in it at all, and that he should not be called. Nothing has been said about these documents (there were two) before because they are non-existent. It is true that I would be the only person except the children (to the extent of the furniture and jewellery) who would benefit by her death, but I had not given consideration to that. Miss Barrow was a very deep woman. If you spoke in her ear she would hear fairly well and she could see without glasses. Her bedroom had the ordinary basin, jug of water, water bottle, and glass. There was a gas light over the mantelpiece. During the whole time she was with us she would be occasionally a day or two in bed, but not bedfast. I might have looked upon her as an indifferent life when negotiating the annuity; her average expectation of life was only 20 or 21 years, but I did not feel she would live for that time. Before she was ill I had never occasion to go into her room excepting I had occasion as the landlord to go and see about the repairs. She went where she liked. It is true from September 1 my wife attended her and looked after her food. When drawing up her will on September 11 I never gave a thought to what property she had; she was dealing with the children's property. She wanted me to look after everything; she had taken me into her confidence from the beginning and naturally she wanted me to attend to everything in the end. I was not in her complete confidence; she never told me anything about herself or her affairs. She never mentioned her money in connection with this will. I did not consider her on that day any different from any other day that she had been in bed; I did not know then what Dr. Sworn had said; I did not enquire. I had had no experience in drawing up wills and I do not think I had a form before me when drawing this one although I have seen printed forms of wills. I do not know that this is drawn up in legal form; it uses legal terms that I am acquainted with. I did it hurriedly and did no: consider what it included. I thought that I used the expression "all she died possessed of." When writing the letters of September 14 and September 21 I knew what she had died possessed of because I had gone through her trunk and I used the expression that she left what she died possessed of to Hilda and Ernest Grant," and I meant the Vonderahes to understand that that was the fact, including cash. I drew up the will on September 11 from my memory of what I had seen; you read about forms of wills in the encyclopedia and post-office books; I cannot say what book I referred to; in days gone by I think I have looked at an encyclopedia and I think I have got something like that in the office. This will was never intended to be acted upon and I did not give sufficient consideration to it. I did not know she was going to die at any time during her illness; I thought she had exaggerated her ailment. There is always a danger where there is illness. It is true the doctor had been coming every day and that I wanted her to go to the hospital. I suggested sending for a relative of hers named Cugnoni who had written to her. I do not know what has become of the  216 she drew; I did not offer to lock it up in my safe because I did not want the responsibility; I had minded some money of hers before but that was when Hook was in the house. I thought on September 14 I should find the  216 but as she said she knew what to do with it I had no idea what she had done with it; it was only a frail trunk she put it in and she had workmen doing repairs and a window cleaner and others going in and out of her rooms. I did not bother any more about it after that. I did not say anything about this money to either Mrs. Vonderahe or Mr. Vonderahe because I did not know what had become of it and I had no way of accounting for it and it never entered my mind at the time. All that her instructions amounted to was that she wanted the children to have their parents' property. I did not take into consideration what effect. the will would have if she died; if I had I should have realised that the money she had taken out of the Savings Bank would have gone to her nearest relations. I did not consider the Vonderahes were entitled to the full details without they showed they were legal next of kin. I had only seen one person die before Miss Barrow died and her death was very sudden and shocked me. It is true that on no other night but this last one I had stood at the door. I knew that I was her executor and trustee, but I did not give consideration to that on that night. I knew also that she had three relatives, such as they were, close by. I did not think that in ordinary prudence I ought to have taken care to see that I had some relative there before I got the keys and looked in her cashbox; she had already told me what she thought of her relatives; it was not my business to call them. Mrs. Rutt, an independent person, was already in the room. I did not see any necessity to call in a doctor that night, because it was only a repetition of what had been going on. It is true she had never got out of bed in the way she did that night before, but I considered that was due to weakness. She had never said before, "I'm dying," to my knowledge. I understood that the doctor was coming the following morning; he had been coming every day. I did not ask Dr. Sworn to come to see her after she died; but it not for me to say what a doctor's duty is. I knew she was dead because my wife had tied a handkerchief round her head because her mouth dropped; I had been down to see to the baby, and when I came up she had stopped breathing, and I said, "Good God, she's dead," and went for a doctor immediately. I had never seen her other nights; I had only heard her calling. The reason I stayed up with my wife on this night and stood by the open door (only occasionally going down to see to baby or for a drink) was because my wife was remaining up, and my opinion was that Miss Barrow wanted her to sit with her, and that was the reason of these repeated calls; I did not think she was going to die. I think Dr. Paull is a ten minutes' walk away; there is also a doctor close to. It is true that Maggie, my father, my two sons, and the servant were in the house, but I did not send any of them round to the Vonderahes to tell them of the death, because when Miss Barrow had previously got Maggie to call there for letters she had the door slammed in her face, so I told her not to go any more; it was my intention to write to them informing them of her death. I would not send anyone of my family to go round to their house and be insulted. Miss Barrow herself said she did not want her relations called in. Nodes told me his son would bring me a receipt for  4 for the funeral and I entered in my accounts as executor and trustee that I had paid  4; I drew up an account of what I did with the  10 I found. I thought the commission of 12s. 6d. that Nodes gave me perfectly legitimate. The arrangement for a public grave was only a temporary one, subject to any alteration the relatives might like to make; I expected them to call and see me that night in answer to my letter. We waited a little time on the Saturday to see if they turned up. When I told Nodes that I had others to consult I meant my wife and father; I did not intend to go to the relatives' house. My house was just as near to them as mine was to theirs and they could have come and seen me. They knew at the end of August she was ill; they told me at the interview they had met her and their boys were going to the same school as Ernie and could have learnt it from him; I cannot understand how they can say they had no knowledge that she was so ill. (Monday, March 11.) FREDERICK HENRY EDDON (prisoner, recalled, further cross-examined.) On the early morning of September 14 I was called upstairs for the fourth time by Ernie Grant, who cried out from the top of the stairs that "Chickie" was out of bed. I found the boy terrified and supporting her; she was sitting with his hands under her arms. She did not say, "I am going" in my hearing. I asked what she was doing out of bed; she did not answer. She was apparently very ill. I think she was exaggerating to have Mrs. Seddon with her as on former occasions. I heard she had got out of bed and gone into another room on a former occasion. After that incident I remained outside the door off and on, reading the paper, going down to the baby, or to have a drink; for one and a half or two hours she slept. I remained to keep my wife company; it was about 4 a.m.; I could not sleep. We had been up the best part of the night. I said to my wife, "If you are going to sit up with her I must arrange to-morrow for her to go to the hospital; we cannot have another night like this." She was sitting in a chair at the foot of the bed and Miss Barrow was sleeping peacefully. I did not expect the end; that was not my reason for remaining. I did not give her brandy. I did not know there was brandy in the house. She asked for brandy and I said, "You cannot get brandy at this time in the morning everywhere is closed." My wife said, "There is a drop there in the bottle." The bottle was on the top of the commode, which was between the door and the bed; it was a bottle  hat would hold a noggin; there was a little drop and I gave her half of it. I could see the foot of the bed as I was standing at the door smoking and I heard Miss Barrow snoring. Plan produced shows the position of the bed and the chair was where I mark the plan. What Mr. Vonderahe says that I told him that my wife was out, I had to go to her myself, asked her what she wanted and I gave her some brandy, and that I said I was retiring to rest and hoped she would not trouble us again, that the boy came down again, called out, and that I gave her some more brandy is not true. There was a little brandy in the bottle and that was gone by next morning; I did not say it had gone in the morning. I said we had been up all night. We did not talk about it beyond that. He was dealing with her properties; he was not concerned with how she died. I think Mrs. Rutt had derived by that time. We opened the trunk; I got the keys from my "wife; I found the cash-box, which was locked; I opened it with a key on the bunch. I found in it  4 10s.; I was surprised, I did not know what she could have done with her money. She had workmen coming into the room and a window cleaner. I went right through the trunk, examined the chest of drawers, felt the Bed all over, and found nothing. The handbag was hanging on the bed, I did not open that. I did not understand what had become of her money. She was such a peculiar woman when you mentioned the matter that I did not go into details with her; she had a funny temper. It certainly struck me as very remarkable. I had paid her  10 on September 2; of course, I do not know what had been spent during the 14 days she had been ill. My wife said she had been giving her money for what was required. I asked my wife where she had been keeping her money; she said she had it in her purse under her pillow. We found the purse there with 3d. in it in copper. Except that 3d. and the  4 10s. we found nothing else. I did not think somebody had stolen it; I do not think evil of people like that. I had nothing to support the idea that it had been stolen. She had received  165 for the 33  5 notes changed into gold. I do not know what has become of that; I never thought of it being odd. Then in 1911 I had given her  10 for eight months for her annuity nine times with September 2;  91 I paid her in gold. There was the 21  5 notes dealt with by me and my wife in 1911, making  105; then  216 drawn out in gold on June 19, making altogether  402 up to the end of August, 1911. I thought she had deposited it, and expected to find the receipt; she might have placed it in the hands of relations. I had nothing to do with her property; I only dealt with the property 12 months before and the matter was settled. I never had her money, otherwise it would be in my banking account or invested. I have hidden nothing. I did not tell her relatives or Mr. Vonderahe because as I told him he had not showed me he was the legal next-of-kin; that is my only explanation for not saying anything to the relatives about the money being missed. It did not enter my head to go into the details. I do not know what information the relatives are possessed of. She may have told them all about her financial transactions; they said they were meeting her as late as the last week in August. I have been expecting all through this prosecution to see  he documents come out; I have thought all kind of things about it. I did not know the relatives had it. At the interview I did not give it a thought. The only money I thought about was the  216 she had drawn out of the Finsbury Savings Bank in June. I knew Mr. Vonderahe on October 9 wanted to know about her investments and her property. That  216 came into my house, but I did not know it remained in my house. When I looked in the trunk it was not there. How did I know what the woman had done with it? She went out every day and was out the best part of the day meeting her relatives and friends. How can I explain something I do not know? We can all be wise after an event. I made a further search in the bedroom about 12 o'clock. I found  2 10s. in the bag and  3 in one of the drawers underneath the paper lining. Mrs. Seddon said she had looked in the bag but had not examined the outside pocket. That night my wife, her sister, and I think her father, went to the theatre; I remained at home when the undertaker sent for the body. I heard hook say that when he came into my house she had  380 in gold and a large sum in notes. All the notes had been dealt with. I do not know whether they came out of the cash box. I cannot account for the disappearance of the money. I have got a perfectly clear conscience on that. When Hook was leaving she asked me to take care of her cash box. I told Hook Miss Barrow had not put all her affairs into my hands; it is an invention of Hook's to say that I said she put all her affairs into my hands or her money; money was not mentioned. I said, "I am going in her interests as the landlord to look after her interests. You are not my tenants. I have told Miss Barrow to go and she does not want to go, and she says she has given you notice to go and you will not go, and she has asked me to give you notice to go." He said if he went he would take the boy with him. Hook's account is an invention. On the occasion when Hook was going Miss Barrow asked me to take care of her cash box, and said there was  35 in it. I know  165 in notes have been traced to my wife and myself. I say she told me there was  30 to  35 in the cash box; I say that after what we know about the notes. I was willing to take care of the cash box if she counted it out; in my presence so that I could give her a receipt for the amount and she could hold the key. I did not know the woman, she was a perfect stranger to me, I was not going to be let into a trap like taking possession of a box when I did not know how much it contained. She went upstairs with the box and said she would make sure how much there was in it. I do not know why she did not count it there and then; I could not enter into the woman's mind, I see no reason why she should not count it before me if I was to be trusted with it. She went upstairs and locked herself in her bedroom. I waited some time, and then went out; I had my business to attend to, and it appears that Hook had gone when I came in. On what has been called the office night, September 14, Taylor may be right in saying that the last collector left about 7 p.m. The money would be in the till and I should count it up. Taylor's statement that I had  200 and put it into four bags is absurd. The chink of money took place every Thursday. If Taylor had been watching me in the way he describes I should have told him to get on with his accounts. His statement is exaggerated. He might have heard the chink of money and glanced round. The money had not been put in the till in the cupboard. How could Taylor see with his back turned towards me? We were getting on late at night. Is it likely that I would bring money from the top of the house to the bottom which I had stolen at 9 o'clock that morning and count it in the presence of my assistants. I did say to Smith, "Here is your wages"; it was not the first time I had done that. I did not pick up four bags and put them in the safe. I had the sliding till on the drawer when the men were paying in their cash and I should count the money up I took it out of the cupboard to count it. Both Smith and Taylor had been quite lately introduced into my office as assistants Smith about a month or two. Taylor had been a superintendent and had been reduced and had been a month or so under me. I had  99 altogether in gold. The gold was in one bag to go to the bank; there were three bags of silver, very little copper; the silver was  15 17s. 6d. It was the company's money and my own. It is not feasible a man is going to do a thing like that. The prosecution are suggesting that I am dealing with the deceased woman's gold, and that I should bring it down from the top of the house to the bottom and count it out in the presence of my assistants. I am not a degenerate. That would make it out that I was a greedy, inhuman monster, and that having stolen this woman's money I should bring it down and count it in the presence of my two assistants and flaunt it like that; the suggestion is scandalous. On September 15, over and above the company's money, I paid  35 into my own current account and  30 in gold to the Savings Bank. On September 18 I paid  90 in gold for the three building society shares. I had  70 in gold, which was the balance of  116 I had drawn out of the London and Westminster Bank. On September 15 I went to Wright the jeweller to ask him to enlarge the diamond ring so as to fit my middle finger. I had been wearing it on the little finger. I had two diamond rings and a kerb ring. I wore the two diamond rings on these two fingers; the ring Miss Barrow had given me I wore on my little finger during her life time. During the time she was with me I did not want to hurt her feelings by having it enlarged. In January, 1911, I showed her the solicitor's bill; I had paid on her behalf  4 13s. She said she had no money to spare and she brought me down this diamond ring instead of the money. I know the diamond ring was found in my safe; I had not worn it the day I was arrested. On the same day I took the watch to have a new dial and the name erased. I had seen my sister off by the train for Wolverhampton and at the request of my wife I called in to have the watch done. There was no hurry, except that I had arranged to spend our holidays at Southend-on-Sea and she wanted to wear her jewellery at the seaside: so, as I had taken the ring to be enlarged, she said, "You might as well get the dial done and the name erased" the name was on the back plate of the watch. I had seen it when Miss Barrow gave it to my wife, on April 22, as a birthday present. I would not have that done while Miss Barrow was with us; I would not hurt her feelings like that; it was her mother's watch and my wife would not wear the watch because the dial was discoloured and cracked. I said it was worth a gold dial, but I would not have it done while Miss Barrow was with us; I should have had it done if she had removed into other lodgings. Mrs. Seddon had often asked me to get it done for her; she said she would not wear it until she had got it done. The bracelet produced was not included in the inventory because it was not Miss Barrow's property at her death; she had given it to my daughter as a birthday present; she gave her another at Christmas. Miss Barrow had the three watches (produced). The gold one had her mother's name on it and date 1860; she treasured it as her mother's, but never wore it; she never wore any jewellery. I do not know that those three articles were the most valuable pieces of jewellery she possessed the diamond ring, the gold watch belonging to her mother, and the gold chain and pendant. The inventory of her total effects, furniture, jewellery, and clothing, is valued at  16 14s. 6d.; that is not my valuation; that does not represent what the things would cost. On September 21 I wrote letter: "To the relatives of the late Miss Eliza Mary Barrow. I hereby certify that Miss Barrow has left all she died possessed of to Hilda and Ernest Grant and appointed me as sole executor to hold in trust until they become of age. Her property and investments she disposed of through solicitors and Stock Exchange brokers about October and December, 1910, last, to purchase a life annuity, which she received monthly up to the time of her death, and the annuity died with her. She stated in writing that she did not wish any of her relatives to receive any benefit on her death and during her last illness declined to have any relatives called in to see her, stating they had treated her badly and had not considered her and she would not consider them. She has simply left furniture, jewellery, clothing." That does not suggest that I had anything to do with the purchase of the annuity; it does conceal the facts, but not intentionally; it is a pure accident. I was informing them what she had done with her property that she had purchased an annuity; that is what I had in my mind. I have never been executor under a will before. It was not deliberately written to conceal the truth; I could not stop anybody from making inquiries; it was a true, honest statement at the time to my mind; I gave them what I considered necessary information not full information. I gave the letter to Mrs. Vonderahe to give to her husband as information to the relatives. I do not know whether, if they had not suspected me, there would have been an end of it. On October 9 I said to Mr. Vonderahe, "I have given you information, I will give you a copy of the will, and I have explained to you what she did with her investments. If there are any further details that you require if you show me you are the legal next-of-kin to Eliza Mary Barrow I will go into further details with you." I did not know that e had an elder brother. Miss Barrow told me there was a brother; I understood he was the black sheep of the family. I said, "You can get the certificate of death or you can go if you like, to a Commissioner of oaths and swear that you are the next-of-kin." These were business transactions that had taken place 14 months before. I did not consider my past business transactions with Miss Barrow had anything to do with it; they had been closed. I agree that letter is not a frank statement. By referring to solicitors and stock brokers I meant that it was done in order. I did not tell Vonderahe on November 9 I had anything to do with the annuity; the question was not asked. He asked me who was the landlord of the "Buck's Head" and the barber's shop; I told him I was. He had a friend with him whom the prosecution nave not called. I did not say I had bought the property in the open market; I said, "You can write to the Governor of the Bank of England. Everything has been done in perfect order and I am prepared to stand by it." I did not say I had nothing to do with it; I did not explain things to him because I did not like the man's behaviour for one thing, and the way he put it to me, and the way they spoke about Miss Barrow did not show that they were kindly disposed people, and the way they slammed the door in my daughter's lace. My letter, of which you have a copy, announcing the funeral was posted about 5 p.m. to Evershot Road. Evershot Road is practically the next street to me. I would not send one of my family round there after the way they had treated us. I looked upon it as the more businesslike way to drop them a line, and they could come to the funeral or stop away as they liked. I did not expect them to come. I did not know whether they would come or not. I thought they would have come round if they intended to attend the funeral. On the day of my arrest I was walking in Tollington Park towards my home, when two gentlemen I saw talking together came up behind me, one getting hold of each wrist. They said, "We are police officers we arrest you." I said, "What for?" They said Chief Detective-inspector Ward will be here in a moment he will tell you. Just then Ward came up. He said, "Come round the corner, I will let you know why you are arrested. I said, "I am only three doors from my home cannot you take me home and let my wife and family know that I am arrested." He said, "Oh, you need not worry about that; you will see your wife down at the station." I said, Are you going to arrest her too?" He said, "Yes." By that time we were round in Fonthill Road. Ward said, "You are arrested for the murder of Eliza Mary Barrow by poison by arsenic." I do not dispute the rest of his account. At the station I said, "Are you going for her now." He said, "I am not going to tell you what I am going to do." I said, "I am concerned to know because I want a woman got in to look after my home." I said, "Have they found arsenic in her body?" He said, Yes." I knew that a post-mortem had been taken. I said, "It was not carbolic acid was it, and Sanitas is not poison." This document, headed " 10 cash found at Miss Barrow's death," is in my handwriting, and purports to account for what I have done with the money; the items include the cost of a suit and pants for Ernie, and a holiday for him at Southend; I made it up for Mr. Saint, I think at the time of the inquest. I agree that my statement accounting for the money I paid out on September 15 depends upon my statement that I had  220 in gold; I have no document to show that, but I think there is ample evidence. The wardrobe business was carried on from February, 1909, till the beginning of 1910. I do not think I told Naylor and Smith how much gold there was in the bag. I told Naylor that if he came across any wardrobe stocks Mrs. Seddon was prepared to purchase to any amount for cash, and I showed him that we had plenty of ready cash on hand for the purpose; it was not as much as  200; I may have said there was "A couple of hundred" then jocularly, but it would not be true; I do not know the exact amount I had at that date. I placed the  30 I received for the business on deposit to carry interest at the Post Office Savings Bank. I did not put all the money I had in the bank to carry interest because I wanted to keep it in hand to pay off the mortgage when desired; Mr. Wainwright had also suggested to me the possibility of some bargains coming along as property was cheap at the time. If I had banked my money, if anything happened to me my wife would not have the same facility for dealing with the money; she would have to wait for probate. I had made a will a long time before which I tore up when she went away. I was paying 5 per cent, for the mortgage, which was to run for 15 or 20 years. My wife and I parted in January, 1910, for four or five weeks. I used to keep the books in the wardrobe business and label the stocks in lot numbers for her, and I had differences with her regarding the lot numbers getting off the stock so that I could not recognise what had been paid for; this caused a quarrel, and I was going to throw the books behind the fire; as a matter of fact I did mutilate them. These (produced) are the books that were kept. They would not show a summary of the stock sold. From April, 1909, to May, 1909, stock that had cost  43 odd sold for  85 odd, showing  42 odd profit in eight weeks. There is nothing to show how much money there was in the business when it was sold. I dealt with  155 in gold on September 15 because I was going away for my holiday, and it was not safe to leave all the money, in the house. The receipts I gave Miss Barrow were torn from a book and I believe the counterfoils are still in existence; I cannot remember if I filled them up. These two books (produced) are not the ones. I had four of these in the house when I was arrested. On the night of my arrest I was consulted by Mr. Saint about my daughter Maggie going to get flypapers on December 6. I knew these Mather's flypapers were poisonous to insects but not to children. I saw them in her room the night the will was signed and the night she died. I had never seen them in the house before; we had used the sticky ones. How the arsenic came to be in Miss Barrow's stomach and intestines is a Chinese puzzle to me. Re-examined. My wife told me that she had purchased flypapers to satisfy Miss Barrow as she complained of the heat and the flies in her room and that Miss Barrow had said she did not want the sticky ones, because they were dirty, but the ones you put water on. I have no recollection of seeing them in my house before September 11. Nothing that I know of that I or my wife did can account for the arsenic being found in her body. I had full possession of her property four months before I began paying her an annuity upon it. According to the will I drew up the legal next-of-kin would have all the property that was not contained in it; a man named Barrow in Bristol is claiming now to be the next-of-kin. She thoroughly understood the will and the calling in of a solicitor would not have made any difference. If I had known she was going to die I would have called in a solicitor for my own protection; the will was not to benefit me. On the night that she died she first of all fell asleep and then afterwards began to snore. The reason why I stood at the door was because the smell in the room was very, very bad. There are two important documents missing in this case, the duplicate of the deed of assignment which Miss Barrow had and the typewritten annuity certificate relating to the stocks which I gave her and which was attached to it. There was no idea of any concealment when I went to Mr. Wright with the ring and the watch as he had known me some time and he knew my address. Miss Barrow said they did not belong to the Grants. Mr. Vonderahe seemed very sarcastic when he called. (The witness, at the request of the Attorney-General, identified a letter (Exhibit 12) dated January 24, 1911, from deceased to Russell and Sons requesting them to hand the duplicate deed he referred to to him; it bore his receipt for same. He stated that he was almost certain that the deceased had written him acknowledging the receipt of the deed from him.) I am willing that my wife should be called on my behalf. (Mr. Marshall Hall explained that he put this question in consequence of the recent decision in the House of Lords, R v. Leach, 7 Cr. App. R., p. 157, making it necessary for this consent to be given, land that he would call Mrs. Seddon on behalf of his client.) FRANK EDWARD WHITING, Auctioneer, 30, Bedford Row, produced and proved a plan of deceased's room. ALBERT SIDNEY WAINWRIGHT, Auctioneer, 279, Seven Sisters Road. I have known the male prisoner some few years. At the end of August, 1909, I submitted the leasehold property, 63, Tollington Park, to him and eventually he offered  320, which the vendors accepted on September 3, 1909. In the evening of that day I called on him at 200, Seven Sisters Road and filled in a form of contract which we discussed. I wanted  30 deposit but he would only pay  15 because there was a forfeiture clause in it. I could not get over this and agreed to take it. He brought out a bag of gold which he emptied on his desk; I cannot say where he got it from. He counted out  15 but I said, "If you don't mind, give me a cheque. I am going out to-night and I do not want gold with me." He said it would make no difference to him. He put the gold back into the bag and we had a chat. The repairs were going to cost him  50. He tapped the bag and said, "With this money and with other money that I am possessed of I can pay for this house." I said, "If that is the case I should not put all your eggs into one basket. Why not buy two or three small houses and pay a small amount in each, get mortgages and the houses will pay for themselves." He fell in with that idea and from time to time I gave him particulars of houses; he made an offer for one but it was not accepted. It was my suggestion that he should get a mortgage on this property, and I persuaded him to carry it through. I had instructions to let it but I could not get a tenant and he lived in it himself. I looked upon him as a man of substance. Cross-examined. I knew afterwards he held Cardiff stock, but I cannot say how much it was. THOMAS CREEK, carman, 11, Greenwood Place, Kentish Town. I have known Hook some years. On July 26, 1910, at his request, I moved some articles belonging to Miss Barrow from 31, Evershot Road to 63, Tollington Park; I think it was between 12 and 3. Hook helped me to load and unload. He carried nothing in his hand. I cannot remember anything left behind that he went back for. We stopped and had a drink on the way while Miss Barrow and the boy stood by the van. After we had done unloading I left him putting down the oilcloth. I was paid 4s. Cross-examined. I got my living doing these jobs. There was nothing special about this one. It was a fortnight ago when Mr. Saint came to me about this. My memory serves me well for this time. It would be unusual if we did not have a drink. Re-examined. Hook has only engaged me once to do this removal from Evershot Road to Tollington Park. MARGARET ANN SEDDON. I am 34 years old and have been married to male prisoner 18 years; I have five children, my youngest being born on January 3, 1911. In 1909 we lived at 200, Seven Sisters Road, where I carried on a wardrobe business under the name of "Madame Rowen"; my husband found the money to start it, partly from the bank and partly from the Cardiff stock, and used to keep the takings on hand; he put them in the secretaire; later he bought a safe. We did a splendid business. Books were kept but they were mutilated. About February, 1910, we moved to 63, Tollington Park. We let the top part off, and my husband used the basement as an office, in which he had another safe; the first safe being in our bedroom. We advertised for a tenant for the upper floor and in July, 1910, deceased called with Ernie; she did not decide to take them; she said she had a friend. She called with Mrs. Hook and decided to take the rooms and paid a week's deposit. She came to live there with the Hooks and Ernie. On a Saturday night I think they must have all had a little drop to drink and they started quarrelling. On the Sunday the Hooks took Ernie out, leaving her ill in bed unattended to. On their return they continued quarrelling and my husband wrote a note and pinned it on the Hooks' door; Miss Barrow had complained to us about their conduct. A day or two before the Hooks left Miss Barrow brought her cash-box down to my husband, saying that there was between  30 and  35 in it; she said she could not trust the Hooks. He would not have it unless she counted it out and she took it upstairs, we thought to count it; she never brought it downstairs again. After the Hooks left my daughter looked after her up to the time she was ill; Miss Barrow gave her 1s. a day. She was always crying; she told me it was about the Compensation Fund increase on her public-house, and she asked me would I tell Mr. Seddon that she wanted to see him. Later he saw her; I do not remember whether I was present or not. He told me something about these properties, but I do not understand financial affairs. I witnessed an annuity certificate and the will later. Miss Barrow used to pay 12s. a week, which was entered up by my husband in her rent book every week; but after the annuity certificate he wrote in it, "Rent free, as arranged." When the transaction was finished she brought this diamond ring (produced) into my bedroom, where I was confined, and made a present of it to my husband, and he during her life wore it on his little finger. On my 31st birthday she gave me a gold watch and chain with three charms (Exhibits 21 and 122). She gave my daughter Maggie a gold necklet and a locket (Exhibit 123) on her birthday. In March last year, when my husband was out, she gave me this letter about her relations; I gave it to him when he came in. On one occasion she had tried to cash a bank note and someone would not cash it for her and she asked me to do so. I took it to the Post Office and they asked me my name and address. I thought it was rather funny as I had never cashed a note before in my life, so I gave the first name and address that came into my head; this was about a month or so after she first came to the house. I gave the name of "M. Scott, 18, Evershot Road," or "12, Evershot Road"; I am not sure which. Afterwards she asked me to cash several notes for her and had no difficulty in doing so; I would change the note in shopping, make up the difference, and give her the  5 in gold and silver. At shops where I was known I gave my right name and address because hey already knew it, but at shops where I was not known I gave this wrong name and address. On one occasion she asked my husband to let me go to her bank with her and I went. She was paid in two bags containing  100 in each and  16 loose gold and, I think, some coppers; she emptied it out on the counter, but the cashier said it was not necessary to count it as it was just as it had come from the bank. I never handled the money. When she came in my husband said something about putting it away, as he did not like to have it in the house all in gold, and she said she knew what to do with it; she did not speak to him for a week after that. Up to the time of her illness she went out every day, taking the boy to school and bringing back her dinner. She used to tell me she met a woman, but I cannot say who it was. She told me her relations were not kind to her. She could hear my or Ernie's voice quite plainly. On the morning of September 1, when I came down, she was sitting in my kitchen. She complained of being bilious and I advised her to go upstairs and have a lay down. I helped her upstairs and she laid down on the bed. I gave her a cup of tea and she was sick. I had seen her with these sick bilious attacks on and off every month. The next day she had sickness and diarrhoea after dinner. In the morning she said she would sign for her annuity, and my husband went up to her and gave her some money, and she, in my presence, signed two receipts. I thought it best to send for Dr Paull, to whom I had previously taken her, and I did so, but he could not come. I sent for him a second time and then he said we were to get the nearest doctor. My daughter telephoned for Dr. Sworn, our family doctor. He came and told me that she was to have no solid food. He sent some thick chalky medicine, but she would not take it. He called again on the 3rd, gave her a dose himself, and said she would have to take it. About two or three days later when she would not take the "phizzy" medicine that he had sent her he said she would have to go to the hospital and I asked her in his presence why she would not do so; she said she would not, and also refused to have a nurse. Soon after the commencement of her illness she went into the boy's bedroom. I remonstrated with her and said that the doctor would blame me if anything happened to her She complained of the flies and the heat in her room; we had to fan her to keep the flies away. She asked me to get her some flypapers; she did not want the sticky ones but those that you wet; I got her some; this was either the 4th or 5th. I purchased them at Meacher's a chemist just round the corner; an old gentleman served me. I think I also ordered a 9s. 6d. bottle of Horlick's malted milk, but he said he had not got it in but would send it round. I also bought a pennyworth of white precipitate powder for her to wash her head with; I have also seen her clean her teeth with it. I never signed a book for these flypapers; I had never seen them before. I asked for two first and I put down twopence. He said, "Why not have four? You can have four for 3d." and I took the four; they were wrapped up in white paper. I showed them to Miss Barrow and she said they were the ones she wanted. I put them on a plate and damped them and then I put them on four saucers, two of which I put on her mantlepiece and two on her chest of drawers in between her mirrors; I put water in the saucers. Up to the time she took ill Maggie did her cooking, but after that I did what there was to do; the only food I prepared upstairs was the Valentine's meat juice, which did not require any boiling. Before she was ill all her cooking was done upstairs in her kitchen except once or twice when she asked me to cook her a pudding or some fish. Before and during her illness Mary always made her a cup of tea in the morning which Maggie, I think, used to take up to her. At first I used to get a glass of milk when the milkman came and give it to her, and then at about seven she used to take the cup of tea. This went on until four days before she died, when the doctor said she was not to have any more tea because she never kept it in her stomach. During her illness I always waited on her except when I happened to be out of the road, when Maggie or anyone who was knocking about would. The only time that my husband ever gave her her medicine was when I told him that she would not take this "phizzy" medicine while it was "phizzy." On the Sunday or the Monday I told him that she wanted to see him about making a will. He did not go up at once, but I think on the Monday afternoon he. went up and in my presence she told him that she wanted the furniture and jewellery which had belonged to Hilda and "Ernie's father and mother to go to them and she did not want Hook and her relations to have it. He suggested her having a solicitor, but she did not want the expense of that and asked him if he could not do it himself. I think he went into the office after that. The next thing I remember is my husband calling me and my father-in-law between 6 and 7 after we had all had dinner (my sister-in-law was stopping with us at the time) to come up and witness tins will for her. We went up and propped her up with pillows and got her to sign it. I and my father-in-law signed it. my husband read it to her and then she asked for her glasses to read It herself, which she did. She then signed it. My sister-in-law had arrived that day, Monday, September 11; her husband had written to my husband to ask if she could come for a few days and he had replied that we had an old lady ill in the house but if she liked to come and take "pot luck" she could. On the 12th the doctor came again; I was always there when he came. On September 12, I think it was, I knocked off one of the saucers from the mantlepiece. I went down and got a soup plate and put the flypaper from the broken saucer and the three others into the plate, which I put on a little table between he two windows; I had to put fresh water into the plate as well, as there was not enough. The plate remained there till the morning she died. (Tuesday, March 12.) MARGARET ANN SEDDON (prisoner, recalled. Further examined). Dr. Sworn called on the morning of September 13. At about 12 at night, while standing at the gate with my sister-in-law, waiting for my husband who had gone to the theatre, Miss Barrow called out, "I'm dying." I asked my sister-in-law to come upstairs. She did not like to at first but she followed me up afterwards. I asked Miss Barrow what was the matter with her and she said she had violent pains in her stomach and that her feet felt cold. I asked my sister-in-law what I should do, as I had no hot water bottles in the house, and she replied, "Wrap a flannel petticoat round her feet," which I did. Then I put hot flannels on her stomach as I had done before and tried to make her as comfortable as I could. I went downstairs again. When my husband came home at 12.30 I told him what had happened. He did not go up immediately but began telling my sister-in-law about a dispute he had had at the theatre. I think Ernie came down before we went up. She and my husband went up and I followed. He introduced his sister to her; but she just looked at her and she went downstairs again, I think. I attended to what she wanted; I do not know whether my husband gave her a drop of brandy then or not, but he told her that she must go to sleep or that I would be knocked up. She said she could not help it. He then left the room. I followed shortly afterwards. We went to bed, and we were not there long before the boy came downstairs again and said, "'Chickie' wants you." I went up and put more hot flannels and attended to her what she wanted to do; she was suffering from diarrhoea. I did not think she was dying. I have never seen anyone dying. I went to bed again, but was almost immediately called by the boy again; he knocked at the door. I went up to her and attended her in the same way. That night she was not properly sick, but nasty froth came up and she retched. She also had the diarrhoea bad. I went to bed again and then the boy called out that she was out of bed. My husband told me to stop in bed and he would go up. I said it was no good his going up because I thought she wanted me for the same thing as before. He would go up, so I followed him. She was in a sitting position on the floor and the boy was holding her up. We lifted her into bed again; this must have been between 3 and 4 a.m. I again put hot flannels on her and made her comfortable. She did not complain of anything in particular; she always used to complain. She asked me to stay with her but my husband said, "If Mrs. Seddon sits up with you all night she will be knocked up. You must remember she has got a young baby and wants her rest." Ernie was then in her bed. He was in and out of her bed all the time. Every time we went up my husband told him to go to his bed. I sat in a basket chair at the foot of the bed, and my husband stood by the bedroom smoking and reading. When he suggested my going to bed I said it was no good, as she would only call me up again. Then she seemed to be sleeping peacefully for some time. I was dozing, sleeping tired. After a while she seemed to be snoring. It was getting on towards daylight then. Then my husband called my attention to the fact that her snoring and breathing had stopped. He lifted her eyelid and said, "Good God, she's dead." With that he hurried out and went for Dr. Sworn; this would be between 6 and 6.30. I locked the door, so that the boy should not get in, and came down with him. I went into the kitchen and told Mary that I thought Miss Barrow had passed away. I had a cup of tea and then woke my daughter and the boys and told them. One of them went for Mrs. Butt. She came at about the same time as my husband returned. We three went upstairs and Mrs. Rutt and I attended to the body; my husband assisted in getting the feather bed from under her. He asked me if I knew where she kept her keys, and I said I did not and started looking for them, and found them hidden under the paper in one of the drawers in the chest of drawers. I gave them to him. He opened the trunk with one of them and lifted the tray up. Underneath he found the cashbox, which he opened with another one of the keys, and found  4 10s. in gold in a little brown paper bag. I do not know what he did with the cashbox after this as we were still attending to the body. He searched the trunk and found two silver watches and chains and some other articles, but no more money. Later on I was emptying the clothes out of her drawers and in the drawer in which I had found the keys I found three sovereigns wrapped up in paper in the fold of the paper. In the pocket of the handbag hanging at the foot of the bed I also found  2 10s. wrapped in tissue paper. That morning we sent the children to Southend. That morning Nodes came and advised that the body should be removed. I said, "What a shame, when she died in the house," but he said, "Remember, you have a young baby in the house and your health is not very good," and with the bad smell in the house it was better for it to go to his shop. On the next day I went with my sister-in-law and ordered a wreath. I went with her and my father-in-law subsequently to the undertakers, taking the wreath. I put it on her body and kissed her. I, my husband, and my father-in-law went to the funeral the next day. From the moment she died the blinds were drawn down. My sister-in-law pulled them up and I said, 'What a shame. Let us show a little respect by keeping the blinds down until after she is buried," and I pulled them down. The windows were left open until we returned from the funeral. On the afternoon of the day she died I was resting, when my husband came upstairs and said he was tired. I asked him why he did not have a rest and he said he had to write a letter to the Vonderahes. He left me and I do not know what happened after that. On September 21 the two Mrs. Vonderahes called. My husband asked them if they had received the letter and Mrs. Vonderahes seemed a little excited and said, "No; what letter do you mean?" He took from his pocket a copy that he had kept and gave it to her. She read it. Then I think, they went on talking about Miss Barrow and about her being buried in a public grave when she had a family one. He said if they liked they could have the body reburied in her own grave. She said the public grave; was quite good enough for her, as she had been a bad wicked woman all her life and she went on to describe how they had fallen out. He said that she was only a woman who wanted a little humouring and that we had got on all right with her. Then I think they asked what would happen to the boy, and he said that he had got a good home with us unless any of his relations could give him a better one; we had no claim on him. They wanted to know about the public-house and the stock, and I think he said that she had bought an annuity with that. One of them said it would have to be a clever person to get over her with her business transactions. They asked him if he would see the two Mr. Vonderahes the next evening or the same evening (I am not certain which), and he said he would see them on his return from his holiday. We went to Southend, where we stopped nearly a fortnight. On our return Ernie was sent round to say that we were at home, and on October 9 Mr. Frank Vonderahe called with a friend. I was present. I cannot say word for word what was said, but I think my husband said he would not go into details unless he could prove he was next-of-kin. I do not remember anything more as I was not sufficiently interested in the conversation. I have never administered arsenic or caused it to be administered to Miss Barrow in any shape or form. Cross-examined. I ordered the things for the house and my husband paid the bills at the end of the week. Maggie did errands for me and took the baby out. I always got on well with Miss Barrow. I started taking her to Dr. Paull in November, 1910. I only saw her cash box when she brought it down to my husband and on the day she died. I cannot say where the notes that I cashed for her came from; she used to bring them down to me in the dining-room. I very seldom went out with her. The only time I told my husband that I was cashing notes for her was when I cashed the first one at the Post Office; he asked me why did not I ask him. to do so. I did not tell him I had given a false name and address. I was not troubled in any way about it. It never struck me as an ordinary thing that I should write a different name and address as I had never changed a note before. I never had a note in the wardrobe business. I did not know anybody of the name of "Scott" at 18, Evershot Road; I had never been there. I never thought there was any harm in it. I did not give my own name because the note did not belong to me, and I did not sign hers as I had no right to. "Scott" was the first name that came into my head. I think it is right that I gave a false name at three shops; I never thought about giving the false name in the intervals. I did not tell my husband about it because he never used to take any notice when I said anything to him; he always had other things to think of. I agree that if I wanted to conceal that I was passing these notes it would be useful to give a false name and address. When giving the address "12, Evershot Road" instead of "18," I had no wrong intention; it was meant to be "18." She never liked having notes; she always wanted gold. I know that at the same time my husband was getting notes from her for rent; but I only heard that for the first time yesterday. I do not deny the dates on which I cashed the notes. I suppose by April, 1911, I had got pretty used to cashing them. Having once given a false name and address I had to keep to it. It is true that on April 8, 1911, I cashed a note at Rackstraw's for the first time and gave a false name, but I did so because I was not known there. I never enquired whether there was such a person as "Scott" of Evershot Road. I was not anxious about all this gold coming into the house; I was not her keeper and her affairs did not concern me. I am not responsible for what my husband thought about the  216 gold. It never occurred 10 me to tell him that I was giving her all this other gold. I suppose with her annuity, the  216, and the gold I changed for her there should have been more money after her death than we actually found. I was never in the habit of using flypapers in the house and I am positive I never bought a flypaper of any sort or kind in my life until I bought these for Miss Barrow; they were the first I had ever seen in my house. I cannot say Meacher's number in Stroud Green Road, but his shop is just round the corner. I have bought several things there. I did not renew these four flypapers. I never sent Maggie for flypapers and she never went and never was sent for them to my knowledge. She went on December 6 for Mr. Saint. I never read the directions on them; the man told me to put water on them. The reason why I put all these four flypapers into one soup-plate was that I did not want to be bothered with having the four. I had been repeatedly moistening them because they dried up in consequence of the heat of the room. When I put them into the soup-plate there was not much water on them and I put more. I put them into the soup-plate for convenience; the flies were nearly all gone. I have never seen Thorley's shop and I do not know Meacher's second shop in Stroud Green Road. About once a month Miss Barrow used to have a proper sick bilious attack. I was in constant attendance on her from September 2 to September 13, and I was called up once or twice in the middle of the night. On the morning of the 13th she seemed rather weaker with the diarrhoea but she was not so sick; that is what I told the doctor. She had pains in her stomach; that had been going on on and off during the whole time. When the doctor left I did not think there was any fear of her dying within 24 hours. I did not notice whether she got worse after the doctor left. I was not with her all day long; about 10 p.m. I gave her her medicine and I did not see her again till 12 o'clock. Before my husband came home I had been up on and off putting hot flannels on her; she had been complaining a good deal, but there was nothing unusual about that. After 12, it is true, she was worse than she had been before; the doctor found her about the same that morning, not "rather worse"; I do not remember that he told me she was rather worse. She had had worse attacks than that and what he told me did not alarm me. He said she was in a weak condition. I had never heard her scream, "I'm dying" before. When I went up she was just the same as she usually was. It is true that I smiled when I told my husband about it but I cannot help it; it is my way; no matter how serious anything was I think I would smile. He knows my ways. It was not a few minutes after he came in that Ernie called and we went up. There was a doctor quite close. The brandy that my husband left in the bottle was gone by the morning; she must have drank it at the time she was out of bed. My husband sent Ernie to his bed for the last time at between three and four in the morning; I see that I said before the Coroner that he did not sleep in her bed after two, but that was a mistake. When I found her sitting on the floor she wanted to use the commode and I helped her. The last time we went up my husband would not leave me in the room alone so he stood by the open door smoking. There was nothing alarming about her snoring; she seemed to be snoring from her throat. I was very shocked when I found she was dead; I could not believe it. There was nothing to alarm me before she stopped breathing; it was the first sick room I had ever been in in my life. I never gave the doctor a thought, because I knew Dr. Sworn would come next morning and I never expected she was dying. My husband said, "Good God, she's dead!" and then hurried off for Dr. Sworn, and I expected Dr. Sworn to come back with him, I suppose, to see if she was dead. I cannot remember whether it was before he went or after he came back that I put my handkerchief round her head; I do not think it could have been before. I saw my husband find the money in the cashbox, as he put the box on the side of the bed by the body. So far as I knew, up to the afternoon that was all the money that had been found. I knew that she had had  10 on September 2, which my husband gave her, and she could not have spent it as she had not gone out since then; she had only given me 2s. 10d. to buy meat juice. She only had two bottles of that; she commenced taking it several days before she died; I gave it her in cold water once a day in the afternoon. I only used the stove in her kitchen to heat the flannels, not to boil water. It was a great surprise to me when we only found  4 10s. in the cashbox; I thought there was certainly more; as far as I knew the  216 would still be there and part of the gold I had given her in exchange for the notes and the monthly payments of  10. I never said to my husband that I was surprised. He said it was funny what had become of it. I did not then tell him that I had been giving her gold for notes because I did not think it was necessary. The bunch of keys (produced) is the one I found. I do not think I explained to my husband that I had driven a false name and address, because I did not want everybody to know my business not exactly in that way; I do not remember what I did tell him. It is true that on the night of the 14th I went to the music hall, returning at 12 o'clock; I knew that the body was going to be removed that night. The reason why I took the watch to the jeweller to have the name taken out of the back plate was that I would not wear it with the name in; and I have never worn it yet. Anybody could see the name if they opened it; a good many people open your watch. When I said that I never had any flypapers in my house of any kind before these four I made a mistake; there have been sticky papers. I called this to mind after I went away. (Witness referred to the adjournment in the middle of the day.) I got mixed up in my answers before. My attention was not called to the fact that my husband had said that I had used sticky ones in the house. I do not remember what he said in court. I had not used them very often. I do not think I used them during her illness. I do not think we used them at 63, Tollington Park. When I went to Meacher's I asked for "the flypapers that you wet"; I had never seen them before. I cannot say whether Mr. Saint has been to Meacher's and tried to get a statement from him. I told him about it and that I had bought white precipitate powder there; this would be about the ime that Maggie went to Price's. I knew she was going to Price's for flypapers. I do not recognise Mr. Saint's signature on this document (produced). That is the gentleman who served me. (This of Mr. Meacher who had been brought into court.) Maggie has bought baby food at his shop. I do not think I changed any notes for Miss Barrow after September 1. If I did it was with my own money; the last occasion I changed a note for her it was out of my own money that I had in hand. I did not pay the note into my bank. The entry of  5 gold on September 18 in my bank book is the change from the note given me by Kregg's. Re-examined. I do not know in the least what Miss Barrow did with the money I gave her in change for the notes. I did not know until the Police Court hearing that it was suggested that Maggie had bought flypapers on August 26. I cannot say how long I was in the chair before the final end came as I was dozing. Before she took to bed she complained of asthma and she was troubled with bronchitis on and off. This was an ordinary morning. I gave her the meat juice in a cup two or three teaspoonfuls and nearly full of water; it was a sort of brown colour. The trunk was underneath the window. I do not know what Miss Barrow did when she went out. The reason why I went to the Music Hall on the 14th was that my eldest son bought four seats at the Empire; I said I felt tired and would rather stay at home, but my husband thought it would do me good and advised me to go. (To the jury.) I paid a penny for the white precipitate powder. If I wanted money my husband would give it me. (Tuesday, March 12.) JOHN ARTHUR FRANCIS, M. R. C. S., 108, Fortess Road, Tufnell Park. From October, 1904, to February, 1910, I attended Miss Barrow, first when she was living with the Grants at 52, Lady Somerset Road, and afterwards at Woodsome Road and at Evershot Road. I attended her for a few months for gastro-enteritis, brought about by alcohol; at other times I attended her for bronchitis. I have here extracts from my ledger showing the dates upon which I attended her. I have not the book, but can produce it. She was a business-like woman and seemed to have her wits about her. ERNEST BURDON, clerk to Frere Cholmeley and Co., Solicitors, Lincoln's Inn Fields. I produce a number of letters that passed between my firm and Miss Barrow in connection with the Compensation charges on the "Buck's Head" in 1910. In October, 1910, instead of her sending us a money-order for the ground rent, as she had previously done, we received from her a cheque for  9 8s. 4d. upon Seddon's account at the London and Provincial Bank. After that we had notice of an assignment and received payments direct from Seddon. MARY CHATER, recalled. It is not the fact that every morning I took a cup of tea up to Miss Barrow; I do not know that Maggie Seddon took tea up to her. MARGARET SEDDON. I am 16 years of age. Every morning I used to take a cup of tea to Miss Barrow; Chater used to bring it up to my bedroom, and I would take it to Miss Barrow. On December 6, after father had been arrested, mother sent me to buy some flypapers. I do not know Thorley but I know his daughter. On two occasions I went to the side door of his shop to see the daughter, and Mr. Thorley opened the door. I have never been there to buy flypapers. I have never at any time bought there or anywhere else any flypapers similar to Exhibit 26. On December 6 I went to Mr. Price's shop; I went with two of Mr. Saint's daughters. Cross-examined. I sometimes took the baby out in a perambulator. know a shop called Wilson's; I am sure I did not purchase anything there on August 26. I have been into the shop. I remember buying there a pair of shoes and a little writing case; I do not remember the date. Wilson's is about five minutes' walk from Thorley's. I have seen flypapers like this in Miss Barrow's room during her illness in September; I was in there every day. I have never been in Thorley's shop. (Counsel put it to witness that she asked Thorley for four packets of flypapers; that he said, "Do you want the sticky ones"; that she said, "No, the arsenic ones"; that he told her he could not let her have four packets because he had not got them in the shop; witness repeated that she had never been in the shop and had never had a conversation with' Thorley.) Inspector Ward did ask me whether I had ever been to the shop at the corner of Tollington Park and Stroud Green Road to purchase Mather's flypapers; that is Price's shop. I told Ward that I had been there to try and get some flypapers, but that Price would not give them to me When I mentioned my name, owing to the trouble we had already got. I said that I could not say whether my mother or my father had asked me to go for the flypapers. I knew why I was being asked these questions by Inspector Ward; when he questioned me on December 6 I did not know that he had traced my visit to Price's shop. It was Mr. Saint who sent me to Price's shop on December 6; I did not know the purpose for which he sent me. ALICE RUTT. I was employed by Mrs. Seddon to come in for two days a week, to help in the housework and do washing. I remember going to the house on the morning of Miss Barrow's death, about 7.30. Seddon was then not there. On the way from the kitchen to Miss Barrow's room I saw Seddon and Mrs. Seddon. We went up together, and Mrs. Seddon and I washed the body and laid it out. After this I saw Seddon open Miss Barrow's trunk and take out of it this cash box, and from the cash box take  4 10s. in gold. Early in last year Mrs. Seddon had told me about a present of a watch and chain; she said that Miss Barrow had given her this as a birthday present. Cross-examined. I have been working for the Seddons for seven or eight years. I was left in the house in September last when they went away for a holiday. It is not true that I stole some of their property. My husband was out of work and I did pledge some of Seddon's things, intending to get them out again, but Seddons returned sooner than I thought they would; they threatened to prosecute me, but I do not think they meant it. (To the jury.) I am quite sure that it was after the body was laid out that Seddon commenced the search for money. The  4 10s. was loose in the cash box, not in a bag. Mrs. LONGLEY, recalled. When I went upstairs with Seddon I saw through the door the lower part of Miss Barrow's body as she laid on the bed; I did not see her face; I did not go into the room. I certainly did not think she was dying or anything of the kind; she did not look like it. Mrs. Seddon had said to me, "She says, she is dying"; I said, "If she is dying she could not shout loud enough for you to hear her at the gate, and I don't believe it; I think she is making more of it than is necessary." (To the Court.) Mrs. Seddon appeared genuinely anxious to know what my opinion was; she knew that I had seen a lot of sickness. This concluded the case for the defence, subject to Dr. Francis attending for cross-examination. WILLIAM HENRY WILLCOX, recalled, further cross-examined by the Attorney-General. There is no arsenic in white precipitate powder. I have made further experiments with regard to the distal ends of the hair. I took some hair which was quite free from arsenic and soaked it for twenty-four hours in the blood-stained fluid from Miss Barrow's body; blood-stained fluid which was" in the body, not in the coffin. I made two analyses; one was of the hair which had been soaked in the blood-stained fluid which was taken from the coffin; the other was upon some mixed hair which I got from the undertaker which had not been soaked in blood-stained fluid; it was hair from a normal person and was quite free from arsenic. I soaked this in the same fluid for 24 hours. I thoroughly washed the hair which had been soaked in this experiment as completely as possible; I then broke it up to destroy the organic matter and submitted the hair to the Marsh test. The mirror showed that the hair had absorbed an. Appreciable amount of arsenic. The result of that experiment is that hair when soaking in a blood-stained fluid containing arsenic will absorb the arsenic from that fluid throughout its entire length. There is a constituent in hair, called keratin, which will absorb arsenic. I have no doubt that the presence of arsenic in the distal ends of the hair obtained from the coffin was due to absorption from the blood-stained fluid in which the hair lay and which I know contained arsenic. This deposition of arsenic in the hair would occur after death and not during life. Fourteen days elapsed between the first post-mortem and the second. I heard Dr. Francis's evidence. I found no indication of chronic alcoholic indulgence. I should have expected to find signs of it if it had been continued over a number of years and up to the time of death. Further cross-examined. I do not say that Dr. Francis's evidence is untrue. There might have been in 1910 a condition of gastro-enteritis due to alcohol, and no trace of it in 1911. Cirrhosis of the liver would have been distinguishable at the post mortem; there was no cirrhosis. That is a sign of a very advanced stage of alcoholism; I saw no signs of advanced alcoholism. I showed Mr. Rosenheim the results of all my experiments. My analysis showed 1-18th of a grain of arsenious acid per pound of hair in the tips. Unless explained from some other source, that might be indicative of arsenic taking over a period of time. It was because I did not think there had been here a prolonged course of arsenic taking that I made this further experiment to prove that a similar condition of hair could be arrived at by soakage of the hair in blood-stained fluid containing arsenic. That experiment would not apply to the hair which was cut off at the undertaker's shop. (Wednesday, March 13.) JOHN ARTHUR FRANCIS (Recalled, cross-examined.). I now produce my book. It does not show what Miss Barrow was suffering from, although the prescriptions may indicate a little. What I have produced is a verbatim copy of the dates of my attendances. According to the ledger I never attended her for alcoholic indulgence after March, 1909. In July, 1909, and December, 1909, and January, 1910, I attended her merely for general debility and I gave her a tonic. MARGARET ANN SEDDON (prisoner, recalled). (To the Court.) Disagreements began between my husband and myself in October, 1909; they were simply business disputes about the lot numbers getting off the clothes; I left him on January 3 and returned five weeks afterwards. (Thursday, March 14.) Verdict, F. H. Seddon, Guilty; M. A. Seddon, Not guilty. On F. H. Seddon being asked whether he had anything to say why the sentence of death should not be passed upon him, he said: "I do not know whether anything I have to say can in any way affect the judgment that is about to be passed upon me; but there is one thing that is quite patent to me, and that is that this money, which it is suggested by the prosecution was in Miss Barrow's possession, has not in any way been traced to my account, either during the life of Miss Barrow or since her death. There is the sum of  165 suggested in notes turned into gold. There is the sum of  216 which was stated to have been drawn out in June. There is the sum of  91 which has been paid to Miss Barrow in the shape of annuities by me. If Hook's evidence is accepted, there was the sum of  420 in the house. I think, my lord, that that sum comes to something like  890 odd. The prosecution, as far as I can learn, has traced my banking account back to the year 1907 or 1908. I have had submitted to me documents at Brixton Prison, which I have gone through from that date, and from which I am in a position to explain every item of my banking account during that period. All that the prosecution has brought up against me in the shape of money is the sum of  156, which is since Miss Barrow's decease, and it has been stated during the evidence yesterday and today that the sum of  200 was in my possession. I clearly pointed out from the witness-box that it was not  200 when the Attorney-General stated it was very near the sum of  216 which Miss Barrow drew out in June. I clearly stated then that it was  170 which I claimed to have in my possession, and which was testified to by three independent witnesses. There were other witnesses in my home I could have brought forward to prove I had that money in my possession, but they have not been called in this case. I have clearly shown the money I put into the Post Office Savings Bank,  30, with the  35 I put into my current account,  65, and  90 I invested in the building society shares was  155, and  15 which I reserved for my holidays, was the sum of  170, and yet since I stated that in the box it has been stated that there was over  200, or thereabouts. There is one other point I would like to put and that is regarding Thorley's evidence regarding the alleged purchase of arsenical poison packets. If it was true that my daughter went up to Thorley's for the purchase of arsenical flypapers on August 26, and he informed her that he had only got one packet in his possession and that he would have more in on the Monday, I have not heard one word since as to whether my daughter went back on the Monday for the other three packets of arsenical flypapers. I have not heard any evidence adduced that if my daughter required four packets of flypapers she called at any other chemist on the way back again. If she were sent either by me or by her mother for those four packets that is, 24 flypapers naturally, the girl would have got them either at the chemist's shop or at one or other of the chemist's establishments on the way back, as there are plenty on the way. Another point I want to put forward in respect of this alleged purchase of a packet of flypapers from Thorley is that it has been brought forward by the prosecution that my daughter called at Wilson's on the way. It is not stated what the distance is, but as far as I can judge, Thorley's shop is in the vicinity of Crouch Hill Station, and it is much farther than what has been stated as two minutes' walk from there. I should also like to mention, my lord, that in your summing-up I do not know whether I am quite clear upon it or not you said there was a time when the wife left me in the room when the will was being prepared. I have no recollection that my wife stated that she left me in the room at any time. As a matter of fact, I have never been in Miss Barrow's room alone from the 1st of September until the day of her death. On the 4th of September it is stated that I went up to speak to Miss Barrow and remonstrate with her about leaving her room. I did go up to remonstrate with her about leaving her room, but I was not alone. My wife was with me, and I do not know when my wife stated she was not. It is not true. She did not state it. I do not believe she stated it. I do not think she was ever questioned on the point. I should also like to state there has never been any witness called respecting my possession of the jewellery before the death of Miss Barrow. There is an independent witness. It has been stated by the prosecution that Miss Barrow was devotedly attached to the boy Ernest Grant. It has been pressed home to the jury by the prosecution that Miss Barrow was so devotedly attached to this boy that she intended to make him her heir. There has not been any witness brought forward by the defence to contradict that assertion. I contradict it, for Miss Barrow has repeatedly shaken the boy in the street, and she has from time to time in the home shaken him and shouted at him. It is stated that on one occasion, and on one occasion only, she threatened to throw herself out through the window in consequence of the annoyance the boy caused her. I venture to say that my position in this case is this: I am surrounded by a set of circumstances from which there seems no way of extricating myself if I am condemned on circumstantial evidence. It seems to me that various points that might be in my favour, perhaps, have not been given sufficient consideration. I say in this way, that had Miss Barrow thrown herself out from the bedroom window this set of circumstances would be just the same. I would have been believed to have thrown or pushed her out. Had Miss Barrow fallen downstairs the same thing would have applied. If she had been killed it would have been Mr. Seddon, who had such interests in the matter, who threw. her downstairs. When she went to Southend-on-Sea, had she fallen into the sea, Mr. Seddon would have pushed her into it. I can see through it. There is another point I would like to mention. My wife found a bottle of gin in her bedroom after the death. That has never been mentioned in the evidence. We do not know where she got it from. It was half full of gin. We do not know what was in that gin. This inquiry took place fully two months after the woman was buried; therefore, we did not know what she had possessed. Evidence has not been given that all the bottles that were in Miss Barrow's room were taken away. We do not know what bottles Miss Barrow had or what they contained. We haven't the slightest idea as to whether Miss Barrow committed suicide. I should like to make this point that you referred in your summing-up to Dr. Willcox's statement that a dose would produce violent pains in half an hour after it had been taken or administered. You have heard in evidence that while I was in the theatre Miss Barrow called out, 'I am dying.' That is supposed to have been at twelve o'clock. There is a possibility that the woman had taken a dose of arsenic, and that it had begun to operate with these violent pains, so that she called out, 'I am dying.' Otherwise, why should she say 'I am dying,' when she had the same pains off and on from the 2nd September to the 14th? All this is quite clear to me now when I come to look at the evidence. As I stated before, it is a puzzle to me how she could get arsenic. But when I come to look at it and think it over, it seems to me that that woman knew she was going to die, therefore she must have had a reason for saying she was going. Regarding what Maggie, my daughter, has stated in her evidence in the box, when she was pressed by Detective Ward for her explanation of her purchase of flypapers, I understood her clearly to say from the way the question was put to her, 'I did not buy flypapers,' and meant, as she explained there, that she did not get them. She may have gone to purchase them at Price's on the instructions of Mr. Saint, the solicitor, but I am not concerned about that, because it was after I was arrested. But my daughter has been terrorised evidently by Inspector Ward for a statement. She has already contradicted that she ever bought them at Thorley's and then he comes round to the question of whether she bought them at Price's and so he gets her in a moment of thoughtlessness to say 'No.' He takes advantage of that opportunity to get her signature to it. After he arrested me Detective Ward went to my home and tried to terrorise my wife into making statements; I have only my wife's word for it. I do not know, I was not there as a witness, but she states that he tried in every possible way to terrorise her into making statements and told her what trouble she would get into if she did not admit this or that. And, further, she said when he found he could not get her to agree to the statement he said, 'I have not done with you yet.' "You also referred, my lord, to the letter I sent to the Vonderahes after her death wherein I omit to state anything at all regarding the money. I thought I pointed out in the witness-box that when I wrote the letter, the search having been made, there was no money to mention. The prosecution has never traced the money to me. The prosecution has never traced anything to me in the shape of money, which is the great motive suggested by the prosecution in this case for my committing this diabolical crime, of which I declare, before the Great Architect of the Universe, I am not guilty, my lord. If I say more, I do not suppose it will be of any account, but still if it is the last word I have to speak I say I am not guilty of the crime for which I stand committed." Sentence: Death. WALKER, William Henry pleaded guilty, of stealing a postal packet containing three postal orders for 2s., 2s. 6d., and 3s., respecttively, the property of His Majesty's Postmaster General. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour. KYLE, Samuel Woods (33, postman) pleaded guilty, of stealing from a postal packet 11s. and three penny postage stamps, the property of His Majesty's Postmaster General, he being an officer of the Post Office. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour. LARKINS, John (29, labourer), unlawfully uttering counterfeit coin twice on the same day; unlawfully uttering counterfeit coin. Mr. Beaumont Morice prosecuted. DAISY PAINE, barmaid, the "Lord Nelson," Manchester Road, E. About 9.30 a.m. on February 16 prisoner asked me for a penny glass of ale. I served him; he tendered 2s. piece (produced), which I tested with acid and found to be bad. I handed it to my mistress, Mrs. Day, and she told him it was bad. He said nothing, but paid for the drink with a good 3s. piece. I handed him back the bad coin, and he went out. On Tuesday, March 12, I picked prisoner out at the Thames Police Station from a row of nine other men as being the man who had tendered me the bad coin. I am quite sure he is the man. Police-constable JOHN BASSETT SMITH, 115 K. On February 16 the landlady of the "Lord Nelson" called to me and pointed out prisoner, who was about 50 yards away. I went up to him and said, "I am informed you have got bad coin." He took a 2s. piece out of his waistcoat pocket, and said, "Yes; I must have got it in change for half a sovereign last evening." marked the coin with my initials, "J. B. S." (produced) I found on prisoner 1s. 6d. silver an 15d. bronze, good money. I too-k his name, "John Larkins," and his address, and let him go. On March 12 I picked him out from eight or nine other men as being the man. EDWARD LINDSAY, licensee, "White Thorn," Bromley, E. At about 11.15 a.m. on March 5 prisoner ordered a glass of ale and tobacco, 2d. I served him, and he handed me 2s. piece (produced), which I bent and found to be bad. I asked him what he bad got there. As he made no reply I repeated my words, and he asked me what I meant. I said, "The coin is bad." I then took the ale away. Prisoner said, "Do not take that away; I will pay for it." He then handed me another 2s. piece (produced), which I also found to be bad. He then ran away. I gave chase, and found him in a garden of a house in custody of a police-constable. Police-constable THOMAS BIRCH, 718 K. About 11.15 a.m. on March 5 I saw prisoner in the backyard of a house in Sherwood Street. I asked him what he was doing there. He said, "I came in here for a rest." Lindsay then came up and gave prisoner into custody. I found nothing on him. He said, "I had 2s. Id. when I entered the public-house." Sergeant HORACE TRAVERS, K Division. When charged prisoner said, "All right; I was drunk when I done it." SIDNEY WILLIAM SMITH, Assistant Assayer, H.M. Mint. The three florins (produced) are counterfeit; they are moderately well made. Prisoner handed in the following written statement: The coin I passed at the "Lord Nelson" I did not know was bad. I afterwards sold a couple of razors for 2s. and received in payment the 2s. piece I tendered to Lindsay. I then gave him a penny to pay for the ale, and ran away because I did not want to be shown up in that neighbourhood where I am known. I did not tender him the other florin. He must have had that passed on to him, and he accused me of passing it to have his own back. Verdict, Guilty, Five previous convictions were proved of larceny, loitering, and assault. Prisoner was stated to have done casual work. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour. HOW, Henry Thomas (32, cab-washer) pleaded guilty, of feloniously marrying Florence Gertrude Marshall, his former wife being then alive. Prisoner was stated to have married his first wife in 1902, and prosecutrix in 1904. Prosecutrix stated that he had treated her well. Sentence: One day's imprisonment. LEWIS, John Hamilton (24, furrier) pleaded guilty, of unlawfully uttering counterfeit coin; unlawfully possessing counterfeit coin. Prisoner was stated to be of very good character, to have lost his situation through illness and got into bad company. His late employer stated that he was ready to take him back. Prisoner was released on his own recognizances in  20 to come up for judgment if called upon. BAKER, William (40, traveller), unlawfully uttering counterfeit coin: unlawfully possessing counterfeit coin; feloniously possessing a mould in and upon which was impressed the obverse and reverse sides of a sovereign. Prisoner pleaded guilty of possessing a mould, which plea was accepted by the prosecution. Convictions proved: October 28, 1907, at this court, receiving 22 months' for housebreaking; bound over on January 5, 1903, at Lambeth Police Court for picking pockets. Prisoner stated that he had not used the mould, but intended to use it for making medals. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. ARMSTRONG, James (54, insurance manager) pleaded guilty, of, having received certain property, to wit, six banker's cheques for  317s. 6d.,  5 16.,  4 10s. 6d.,  3 15s.,  6 15s., and  6 15s. 6d. for and on account of the British General Insurance Company, Limited, in order that he might pay the same to certain persons, unlawfully fraudulently converting the same to his own use and benefit; forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, the endorsements on the said cheques, with intent to defraud; forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain receipt for the payment of  3 15s., with intent to defraud. Prisoner was stated to have defrauded the British General Insurance Company, whose servant he was, in scores of cases, amounting in all to  1,246. Sentence: Twelve months' hard labour. BEFORE. JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Tuesday, March 19.) WHITE, Thomas (35, baker) pleaded guilty, of feloniously uttering counterfeit coin; unlawfully possessing other counterfeit. Prisoner confessed to a conviction of possessing counterfeit coin on February 2, 1909, at this court, in the name of Thomas Brown. He was released on January 4, and this offence was committed in February. Sentence: For the felony, Three years' penal servitude; for the misdemeanour, One day's imprisonment. GODSELL, George (60, horsekeeper), unlawfully uttering a counterfeit coin to Leonard Rickard on March 5. Mr. Wilkinson prosecuted. LEONARD RICKARD, barman, "Newcastle Arms," Cubitt Town. On March 5, at 7.10 a.m., prisoner came in and ordered three-ha'porth of rum and a penny screw of shag; he put down a 2s. piece; I was doubtful about it and told him to wait. Having tested the coin and found it was bad I sent for the police and prisoner was arrested. Prisoner. I don't remember anything about it. I was in drink at the time. Witness. He was not in drink. Police-constable ALFRED TYSON, 282 K. I was called in by last Stress. I asked prisoner if fie knew why he was being detained and he said "Yes." I was handed by Rickard this counterfeit florin. Upon searching prisoner I found on him 1 1/2 d. in bronze; no counterfei coin. SIDNEY WILLIAM SMITH, Assistant Assayer, H.M. Mint. The florin (produced) is counterfeit. Judge Lumley Smith pointed out that there was no evidence that prisoner knew that the coin he tendered was false. Verdict, Not guilty. Prisoner was further indicted for uttering a counterfeit coin to Frank Whinnington on March 5, and on the same day uttering a counterfeit coin to Leonard Rickard; uttering on December 16 to Henry Hewitt a counterfeit florin. FRANK WHINNINGTON, barman, "Pier" tavern, Manchester Road, Cubitt Town. On March 5, about 6.45 a.m., prisoner came in and asked for three-ha'porth of rum and a penny screw of shag; he put down a 2s. piece and I gave him 1s. 9 1/2 d. change. An hour after he had left I examined the florin and found it was bad. Later on I picked out prisoner from a number of men. My place is about six minutes' walk from the "Newcastle Arms." LEONARD RICKARDS repeated the evidence he gave upon the former indictment. (This witness's evidence was admitted upon this indictment as showing guilty knowledge.) HENRY HEWITT, landlord of the "Robert Burns," Westferry Road, Millwall. On December 16, about 7 a.m., prisoner came in and asked for two of rum; he put down a florin; I gave him the change, and he left hurriedly. The coin was bad. On March 5 I picked out prisoner from a number of men. Police-constable ALBERT TOOLES, 371 K. On December 16 I was on duty at the Isle of Dogs Police Station, about 7.30 a.m., when Hewitt came and handed me this florin. SIDNEY WILLIAM SMITH. The three florins (produced) are counterfeit. The two uttered on March 5 are of the same mould. Prisoner (not on oath) declared that on December 15 he slept at a lodging-house at Walworth and did not leave there till 8.50 a.m. on the 16th. Verdict, Guilty. Prisoner had been previously convicted of a coinage offence, but for the past ten years there was nothing against him. Sentence: Six months' hard labour. HUGHES, Alfred (26, printer), forging and uttering a banker's cheque for the payment of the sum of  60 11s., with intent to defraud the London Joint Stock Bank, Limited; stealing the said cheque, the property of Charles Bowden; receiving the said cheque knowing it to have been stolen. Mr. Muir and Mr. Briggs prosecuted. CHARLES BOWDEN, builder, 79, Elizabeth Street, S.W. I have an account with the London Joint Stock Bank, Limited, 24, Buckingham Palace Road, and they issue to me bearer cheques crossed with a rubber. stamp. On March 7 I made out this cheque (Exhibit 1) for  1 11s., striking out the word "Bearer" and substituting "Order." I handed it to Mr. Kennedy, my accountant, for checking and postage. It has now been altered to  61 11s., and the crossing, the stroke through "Bearer" and the word "Order" have been removed. None of the alterations have been made with my authority. The three blots and the long dash are not mine. "Pound" has also been altered to "Pounds." HENRY KENNEDY, accountant, Charles Bowden and Co. On March 7 I was handed this cheque to check and post. I posted it to the Arts Pavement Company, to whom it is payable, at a pillar-box at the corner of Chester Square, S.W. The endorsement it now bears was not on it then. SAMUEL LEE, cashier, Arts Pavements and Decorations, Limited, 9, Emerald Street, Theobalds Road. We never received this cheque by post either on March 7 or 8. I do not know the writing of the endorsement "T. H. Henderson, Manager," and the name of my company; there is no person of that name in our employ. No person had authority to endorse it in that way. So far as I know, our letter-box is all right; there is no trace of it having been tampered with. We missed no other letters about that date. JOHN FIELDER, head cashier, London Joint Stock Bank, Limited, 24, Buckingham Palace Road. At 2.30 p.m. on March 8 prisoner presented this cheque. I examined it carefully and noticed that the crossing had been obliterated and that the figures had been altered. I communicated with the manager, who asked prisoner to step into his room. I had told prisoner that I noticed the crossing had been taken out, and he said he knew nothing at all about it. The manager asked him where he came from, and he said, "The Arts Pavement Company." He was asked if they had sent him to get the cash for them, and he said, "Yes." He was asked where the Arts Pavement Company was, and he hesitated somewhat. The manager said, "Surely you know where it is?" He then said, "Oh, in Gray's Inn Road; or at least the man who sent me with the cheque said it was." The manager said, "Who sent you?" He said, "A man who stands outside the 'Cranbourn' in Leicester Square for four or five hours every day. He is a bookmaker. "We asked him if he could identify him, and he said, "Yes." I asked him how he intended to take the money for the cheque, and he said, "In seven small notes and the rest in gold." He produced this piece of paper (produced), and said, "I have written it down here. I was told to write it down so that I should make no mistake." I may say that while I was examining the cheque he was writing something, but I cannot say what it was. We communicated with the drawer and the payee, and having got certain information from them we sent for the police. Detective-constable GREGOR CAMERON, A Division. At 3.45 p.m. on March 8 I was called to the Victoria branch of the London Joint Stock Bank, where the manager made a statement to me and handed me Exhibit 1. I said to prisoner, "Where did you get this cheque from?" He said, "I got it from a man they call" Harry who stands outside the 'Cranbourn' public-house." I said, "What dealings have you had with that man to get a cheque for this amount?" and he said, "I won't tell you any more. You find out." I then took him to the station. On the way, at the corner of Francis Street, I was suddenly seized from behind by a man, and two other men rushed in front from behind took hold of prisoner and tried to get him away. One of them shouted, "Have a b go for it, Alf! We are all with you!" The other threw himself on me and we both fell to the ground. On getting up to my feet I pulled prisoner up and he struck me on the nose with his right fist, causing me to fall. I took him with me, he being on top. The others managed to free him, and as he was getting up he hit me behind the ear and said, "Take that, you German ponce." He then ran away. I freed myself from the others and ran after him, and rearrested him in the Vauxhall Bridge Road. I took him to the station. On the forgery charge being read over to him he said, "I did not know it was forged. Put yourself in my place. Wouldn't you have had a go for it when you knew it was a 'dud'?" On searching him I found this style pen and 3d. in bronze. He gave the address "16, Murphy Street." I went there, but failed to trace him. I have tried to trace "Harry," but have failed. Cross-examined by prisoner. You also had a card case on you. I did not see a penknife on you. (Defence.) ALFRED HUGHES (prisoner, on oath). About 11 a.m. on the Friday morning I was walking past the "Cranbourn," when I met this book-maker, whom I knew as "Harry." I have been 'in London about six months and have had several bets with him. He asked me to go in and have a drink and I went. He asked me if I would do a little business for him and I said I would. He then asked me to cash this cheque and told me to write on the paper how to draw it. He gave me 3d. for my 'bus fare and told me where to go to. When I was asked by the manager I told him that the man had told me to say I came from the Arts Pavement Company, which was true. When the other fellows came up it was not me who struck the policeman. Cross-examined. I belong to Manchester. I do not know who the three men that came up were. I never heard what they said. They were men off the building and they thought me and the constable were having a fight. I cannot account for their knowing my name. I was struggling with the policeman at the time and he was in plain clothes. I have known "Harry" about six months. I had not a penny in my pocket when I met him on this occasion and he knew it. I cannot say why he should trust me with a cheque for  60. I did say, in effect, what the policeman has said, but I did not use the word "dud." I am a printer by trade, but I have not been working this past year. I did not look at the cheque at all before cashing it. I had no idea at ail why the Arts Pavement Company should give "Harry" a cheque for such an amount. Verdict, Guilty of uttering. Judge Lumley Smith, on being informed that Detective-constable Cameron had not been seriously hurt in consequence of the prisoner's alleged assault upon him, stated that he did not think it necessary that the prosecution should proceed with the indictment of assault. Mr. Muir asked that sentence should be postponed till next sessions, stating that by that time more might be known about prisoner and the other persons who were assisting him on this occasion. Judge Lumley Smith took this course, stating that, in any case, the sentence would be over three months, so that the prisoner's position would not be prejudiced by the postponement. PROCTOR, Charles (34, dairyman) pleaded guilty, of, having been entrusted with certain property, to wit,  99 10s., in order that he might apply the same for a certain purpose, unlawfully and fraudulently converting the same to his own use. Prisoner, who, it was stated, had previously borne an excellent character, had absconded with moneys given to him by the prosecutrix, to whom he was engaged, for the purpose of buying a dairy business which they intended carrying on when they were married. He was arrested a month afterwards at Cardiff and  30 of the money had been recovered. The prosecutrix had made arrangements to marry him on his release. Prisoner stated that he had lost his self-control on obtaining possession of the money and went to Portsmouth; he had been desirous of returning the money to the prosecutrix, but did not know her address. He stated that he was willing that the balance found upon him should be handed to her, and Judge Lumley Smith postponed sentence to enable this to be done. GARDNER, Charles (22, butcher), burglary in the dwelling-house of Harry Heap and stealing therein three bunches of keys and two blouses and the sum of 12s. 6d., his goods and moneys; burglary in the dwelling-house of Alec Elder and stealing therein four rings and other articles, his goods; burglary in the dwelling-house of Robert Irvine Gardner and stealing therein one pair of candlesticks and other articles, his goods. Prisoner pleaded guilty to the indictment relating to Heap and confessed to a previous conviction of felony at the Newington Sessions on September 21, 1909. Seven previous convictions, dating from 1905, were proved; he was released from his last sentence in July, 1910. He had stated that he was a butcher working at Smithfield Market, but had declined to state for whom he had been working. He declared that he knew nothing about the proceeds of the other two burglaries. (The indictments as to these are to remain on the file of the Court.) Sentence (March 22): Fifteen months' hard labour. BEFORE MR. JUSTICE HORRIDGE. (Wednesday, March 20.) ESLICK, Eleanor (24, tailoress), wilful murder of her newly-born male child. Mr. Leycester and Mr. Adrian Clark prosecuted; Mr. Pendry Oliver defended. GEORGINA PEGG, wife of Harold Pegg, 3, Dungerry House, Foley Street, W. I have known prisoner since Easter of last year; she is a tailoress. On February 6 I saw her at 10, Ogle Street, where she occupies a back room. I do not think she has any relations in London. She was doing very little work at the time. She said, "I have pains in my stomach; I think it is cramp "; she was in bed. She had no fire and very little food. At my invitation she came to my place, where she stayed a few hours and then returned. She said nothing about being pregnant. I saw her the next day when she again complained of pains in her stomach; she said nothing about pregnancy. She left me early in the evening and returned at 11.30. I gave her some coals and food and turpentine for the pains. On the 8th, at about 11 a.m., I went to see her. She said the pains had gone and she thought the turpentine had done it. She said she would not get up, although I told her if the pains had gone she ought to go to work. The floor was all wet through the rain having come through the skylight. At her request I later on sent her round some food. I went again at 4.15 p.m., when she asked me to keep her a few days. I said I could not, but offered to send for her mother or the relieving officer. She said she did not want anybody and commenced to sob; she said she thought she had got to be there for a day or two as she did not feel well enough to get up. She asked me if I could keep a secret. I said, "What is the secret?" She said, "I have given birth to a little boy this morning at a quarter to seven." I said, "Where is it?" She said, "Under the bed in brown paper." I said, "Was it healthy?" and she said, "It was snuffling at the nose and its mouth wanted washing out." I said, "Was it breathing?" and she said "Yes." I said, "Is it alive now?" She said "No, it is dead." I asked to see it and she said, "No, it is too terrible "; she was sobbing. She said, "I thought of the string on the wall. "Then she asked me if I would give her some more food and I left. She showed me her stomach and I saw it was very blistered through the turpentine. Cross-examined. She had no coal or food except what I gave her. On the morning of the 8th she looked very ill and she was very excited; she talked a good deal to herself and rather frightened me. It was that that roused my suspicions. ELLEN PHILLIPS, parlour-maid, 3, Dungerry House, Foley Street. I have known prisoner since last September. About 1.45 p.m. I went to see her, she was in bad and seemed ill. I asked her how she was and she said she was feeling better and that her monthly turns had come on and she expected that that was why she had the pains before. I gave her some food and cleaned up her room. In emptying the slops I noticed there were stains of blood on the wash-stand; the sheets were also stained with blood. She did not tell me then that she had had a baby that morning and I saw no body. Afterwards, from something I had heard, I fetched Dr. Brown about 7.30 p.m. I accompanied him into her room and she said, "Who sent the doctor here?" I pretended I did not know. I left him with her. When he went I returned to her and she again asked me who had sent the doctor and I again pretended I did not know. She then said, "Had Georgina done what I asked her I would have got over it all right, as gipsies and poor people never have doctors in such cases." HARRY BROWN, registered medical practitioner, 36a, New Cavendish Street. I have also a surgery at 3, Candover Street. At 7.30 p.m. on February 8 I was called by the last witness and I went to 10, Ogle Street; I found prisoner lying on a couch. She was very distressed and asked who had sent for me and why I had been brought there. I told her that I knew what was the matter. The last witness then went out of the room. She was sobbing and her sentences were more or less disjointed. She said, "You don't know what I have done. I had a baby this morning. I put a piece of string round its neck. It was alive. It is under the bed." I there found a brown paper package in which I found the dead body of a male child with the afterbirth detached; the cord had been cut and roughly tied with a piece of thread. Twice round the neck there were tied a piece of tape-like material and a piece of thread; there was a double knot. I was present at the post-mortem and in my opinion the cause of death was asphyxia caused by the tape. Dr. Rose and I formed the opinion that the child had had a separate existence. There was a very extensive injury to the skull, which I should say was caused before death and possibly might have caused the death itself; it might have been caused by the child falling on the floor at birth. Cross-examined. To the best of my opinion the tape was not put round the neck after death. Apart from the child falling on; he floor there is a possibility of the injury to the skull being caused inside the pelvis; the bones of the head are very easily injured. It is possible that the lungs may be expanded before complete delivery (provided it is a natural head presentation), and that the child might fall on to the floor and inflict the injury to the skull, thus causing death. It is possible that the child might have been dying from this injury at the time the tape was put round the neck, but I do not think it could have been dead, although I do not say that is impossible. I did not hear anything a-bout the previous history of the case. She was a very muscular and well-developed woman, and she did not look more worn than one would expect under the circumstances. When confinement comes on women frequently suffer from temporary insanity and they have been known to suffer from delusions; if a woman were having her first confinement by herself I think those circumstances might send to make her do things without realising what she was doing. MR. JUSTICE HORRIDGE stated that in view of the medical evidence that death might have been caused by accidental fracture in the act of delivery, it would not be safe in his opinion for the jury to return a verdict of guilty on the capital charge. Prisoner then pleaded guilty to attempted concealment of birth, and the jury in accordance with his Lordship's direction returned a verdict to that effect. Mr. OLIVER urged in mitigation of the sentence that prisoner did not know what she was doing in concealing the body as she did. Dr. BROWN, recalled by the Court on this point, stated that prisoner appeared to him when he saw her to be in a healthy condition mentally, but she did not seem to realise the seriousness of her position, although she certainly knew that what she was doing was wrong. Sentence: Four months' imprisonment. The Court Missionary, Mr. Scott-France, was requested to see prisoner on her release. PITFIELD, Eilen (45, nurse) pleaded guilty, of feloniously setting fire to a basket containing shavings and other things at the General Post Office under such circumstances that if she had set fire to the building it would have amounted to a felony. Prisoner stated that she was guilty of the action, but that the guilt rested with the Cabinet. It, was stated that prisoner had become interested in the movement for woman's suffrage in November, 1910, and had on the 25th of that month been sentenced to two months' imprisonment for damage: in the course of the demonstration leading to that offence she had received a blow resulting in cancer, which, despite two operations, had been found to be incurable. It was urged on her behalf that her state of mind owing to this illness might account for her committing such a serious offence and that it was not at all clear that she committed it with the intention of burning down the building, since she had at once given the alarm. Medical evidence was called, corroborating the state of her health. Sentence: Six months' imprisonment, second division; Mr. Justice Horridge remarking that it was due to her health and not to the motives which prompted her to commit this offence, that the sentence was such a light one. KABINSKY, Polly (29, cigarette maker) pleaded guilty, of feloniously throwing corrosive fluid upon Abraham Kabinsky with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm. Prosecutor was stated not to be permanently injured. It was urged on prisoner's behalf that the act was done under great provocation, the prosecutor (her husband) having deserted her with three children to support. Sentence: Six months' hard labour. FUCHS, Heinrich (37, tailor), feloniously marrying Maud Emily Dettmar, his former wife then being alive. Mr. Pasmore prosecuted. Detective WILLIAM ALLEN, L Division. I produce the two marriage certificates, the first being dated June 28, 1891, and the second September 30, 1911. On February 9 I went to Rattray Road, Brixton, where I saw prisoner and told him I was a police officer and that I should arrest him for bigamously marrying Maud Emily Dettmar in September, 1911, his wife, Rachel Fuchs, being then alive. He said, "Quite right. I have been expecting it. I won't give you any trouble. I have sent money to my wife in New York on several occasions. I have got receipts for the registered letters. He then produced five receipts. "I left my wife in New York seven years ago on the 17th of this month. I ought not to have married a second time, but you know what it is. I got the girl into trouble so chanced it and married her. A man I know came from New York and told me my wife in New York was carrying on with a man. He has gone to Germany." When charged he said. "Yes, sir; that is quite right." ABRAHAM BLASKY, tailor. I was present at the marriage of my sister Rachel to prisoner on June 28, 1891, at the East London Synagogue. Stepney; she is misdescribed in the certificate, because she could not speak English and they misspelt her name. They lived in London, and 12 years ago they left and lived in Cardiff. In 1905 prisoner went to New York alone and she followed him. I followed. The last time I saw them together as man and wife would be in March, 1905, when I left New York. I believe she is still alive. Cross-examined by prisoner. It may be that I left New York in 1904. BAENETT MOSKOVITCH, 11, Jubilee Street, E.C. I last saw Rachel Fuchs on February 6 last in New York. I last saw prisoner two years ago in the West End of London. He asked me if I had seen her and I said, "Yes; I saw her in New York." I went to New York about three years ago as well. He said, "I send her letters and never receive answers." To prisoner. She lived at 156, Second Street when I saw her last. (Prisoner here stated that Blasky had given a different address as the address from which she had written him, Blasky, a fortnight ago.) REUBEN ROSENTHAL, licensee, the "Britannia, "Berwick Street, W. I know prisoner as a customer; I have heard him speak of his wife and family. On a Sunday towards the end of last September he came into the house and said he was going to get married on the following Saturday, September 30. I thought he was joking and said that of course 1 knew that he was a married man and it was impossible. He said, "That's right. I have arranged everything. "I met him a week afterwards on Black Fast Day and said, "Have you got married?" He said, "No, you know yourself I have not got married because I have got a wife in America." To prisoner. You did not say, "Yes, I could not help myself, as I got the girl in trouble." MAUD EMILY DETTMAR, 67, Rattray Road, Brixton. On September 30 1 went through the form of marriage at the Registry Office with the prisoner as "Henry Fuchs "; I thought he was single; I had known him a year last August. After the marriage I heard that he was married. I have lived with him up to the time of his arrest. I have one child eight weeks' old by him. (Defence.) HENRY FUCHS (prisoner, on oath) stated that ever since he had married his first wife she had not given him a day's peace; that he went to America and had sent for her two months afterwards in the hope that she would be better; that he worked as hard as he could for her and his children, but she was not satisfied with New York and wished to return, but he could not afford this; that in 1904 her brother arrived and on his return to England sent her a ticket which she insisted upon him using; on his return to England in 1905 he worked hard and constantly sent money for her and his children's keep; that in 1906 at her request he had sent her money for her ticket home, but had not since heard from her or of her; that in August, 1911, he met Miss Dettmar and having got her into trouble felt bound to marry her. Cross-examined. I last saw my wife in March, 1905. I knew she had written to my sister in 1906. When Rosenthal told me that he knew I was a married man I said I knew I was, but I had not seen my wife for such a long time and did not know where she was. I did not deny that 1 had married when I saw him later. I admit the evidence as to what I stated on arrest is true. Verdict, Guilty. Miss Dettmar stated that she had not been seduced by prisoner under promise of marriage; that he married her because of her condition and had since been very kind to her. Sentence: Three months' hard labour. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Wednesday, March 20.) PROCTOR, Charles (34, dairyman) pleaded guilty, of, having been entrusted with certain property, to wit,  99 10s. in order that he might apply the same for a certain purpose, unlawfully, fraudulently converting the same to his own use and benefit. Prosecutrix, sister of prisoner, having stated that she was ready to wait for her brother to pay the money, prisoner was released on his own recognisances in  10 to come up for judgment if called upon. JOHNSON, Harry (38, labourer) pleaded guilty, of attempting to carnally know Rebecca Weintraube, a girl under the age of 13 years, and indecently assaulting her. Four previous convictions for similar offences were proved. Sentence: Twelve months' hard labour. TAYLOR, Edward James (39, clerk), and BROWN, Thomas Weymouth (43, fishmonger), both stealing seven cases of frozen salmon, the goods of John Layton and Co., Limited; both conspiring, combining and agreeing together to steal the said seven cases of frozen salmon, the goods of J. Layton and Co., Limited ; Taylor embezzling the sum of  3 and  2 10s., received by him for and on account of the Union Cold Storage Company, Limited, his masters. Mr. Eustace Fulton prosecuted; Mr. W. Saunderson defended Taylor; Mr. Daniel Warde defended Brown. Taylor pleaded guilty of embezzling  3 and  2 10s. Prisoners were tried on the first indictment. ROBERT HENRY HOOTON, departmental manager to John Layton and Co., Limited, 24, Eastcheap. My firm import frozen salmon into this country from Siberia, which is stored at the Union Cold Storage Company, Limited, Allhallows Lane and delivered to customers, who purchase at the office, by means of our delivery order. No one at the Cold Storage Company has a right to sell or deal with the salmon except upon our order, which releases the cases of salmon to the purchaser. Two classes of salmon are kept, No. 1, being this year's supply, and No. 2, that which has been kept from last year. Brown first dealt with us on January 16, 1912, when he came to the office and ordered one case, February 1 one case, February 3 two cases, February 6 one case, February 12 one case, February 19 two cases, all second grade. On February 24 he ordered two cases of new season's salmon that is first grade; on February 26 one case. For all these purchases we gave him delivery orders on the Cold Storage Company. Brown had never been employed as agent to sell or advertise our goods for us. Each case contains about 36 fish, each of which is wrapped in a parchment wrapper containing our name; the cases are packed in the cold chamber. We have no customer named Parkes, of Luton. We did not authorise two cases of salmon to be sent to Parkes on February 28. Cross-examined by Mr. Saunderson. Layton and Co. do a very extensive business; mistakes may sometimes occur. We have a customer named Parkes, of Cambridge. Last year's salmon would be put into cases last year. Cross-examined by Mr. Warde. On February 24 a case of salmon was delivered from the cold storage without a delivery order that was irregular. We ascertained that more cases than we had given delivery order for had been found at Luton; we had issued delivery order for two and more than two had gone out. On February 24 Brown ordered two cases of new salmon and on the 28th, paid  6 10s. 11d.;  7 being afterwards paid to Taylor, who is a checker at the cold storage. That was irregular, as Taylor was not authorised to take money for us, the  7 was paid to us through the superintendent of the cold storage, who reprimanded Taylor for receiving it; we lost nothing by that transaction. On February 26 Brown paid  6 9s. 4d. for one case of new salmon, for which we gave him a delivery order. On March 2 we sold him four cases of first grade, which he paid by cheque  24; there may be two cases still at the cold storage to his order for which he has paid. Re-examined. We sold in all to Brown 15 cases of salmon. 42 cases have been delivered to him. FREDERICK JACKSON CARR, traveller to J. Layton and Co., Limited. On February 26 I saw Brown selling salmon in Luton market, which was wrapped in our wrappers. Salmon would remain fresh in the case for four or five days; taken out of the case it would thaw in two or three days. He was selling new season's salmon at 2s. and 2s. 6d. a fish; that is about half the value. He sold five cases of first-grade fish. To Mr. Warde. The price at which he was selling would be about right if it was second-grade fish. There was no disguise with regard to the wrappers; it was in open market and anyone could see that the fish had come from Layton's. The customer did not take away the wrapper generally; it was taken off. I knew he had bought first-grade fish and that it had gone to Luton. The fish he was selling had probably left the cold storage on Saturday, February 24; it would be hard on Monday; if it had left earlier than that it would have been soft. The first-grade fish is bright in colour, the second-grade being yellowish. Re-examined. I knew Brown had only bought three cases of first-grade; he was selling five cases of first-grade fish. EDWARD THOMPSON, 32, Brunswick Street, Liverpool, fish salesman. I have sold fish at Luton market for 20 years. I first saw Brown there five weeks ago; he was selling frozen salmon in Lay ton's wrappers; he said he was selling it to advertise the fish and that he was agent to sell for his principals; he sold at about 2s. to 2s. 6d. a fish. I had a stall next to him. After he had been there a few weeks I told him my governor could possibly do with some of these fish. He said, "I will see him. On my governor's instructions I said to Brown, "Will you sell me any salmon?. He said, "I have not got authority to sell it to you, I have got to sell it myself in the market. I said, "My master has left me money to buy it if you will sell it. He said, "No, I cannot, but I will see him when he next comes down from London," and I suppose he met him the next day. He had a brisk trade; the first time I saw him he had two cases and later on two; the last week I think he had four cases. To Mr. Warde. He sold a lot more than eight cases altogether. It was entirely a new thing in the market. DAVID HAMMETT, fishmonger, Luton. I know Brown as selling frozen salmon in Luton market. I have bought 10 cases from him and have paid for eight at  4'a case; it was best salmon. He said, "If anyone should ask you what you pay for this salmon, say you paid  6 a case, as it might get me in an awful row if they knew I was selling it at that price at the price I had to retail it at. I understood that he was agent for Layton and Co. The cases were always consigned to me from the cold storage, four in my name and four in Brown's. On February 28 Brown told me he had four cases of salmon consigned to Luton in the name of Parkes; he would sell them to me or, if I did not want them, he would sell them in the market; he said if he did not get the cheque for them he should sell them to me. I have been many years in Luton. I know no fishmonger of the name of Parkes there. To Mr. Warde. I had only once before sold frozen salmon; about three weeks before Brown came I bought from Shepherd at 3d. a lb. I paid Brown about 4d. a lb. He said he was agent for Layton's. I wanted to buy salmon from him and he said he would speak to the governor and try to get me the agency for Luton. I should have been very pleased to have taken the agency and I tried to get it. Brown kept putting me off by saying that he had only seen the clerk, it was no use to talk to him about it, but that he would see me next week. There was no disguise about its being Layton's fish, I could have written to Layton's if I had wanted; I did not know the firm, I thought Brown was the firm; he told me he was the agent. Re-examined. The fish I bought of Shepherd at 3d. was last season's what I bought from Brown was all fresh fish, No. 1. EDWARD CESAR GILL, manager to J. Layton and Co. In January Brown bought second-grade salmon from me at about 2 1/2 d. a lb. The price of first grade was 6d. He continued to buy second-grade salmon up to February 19 and afterwards bought first grade up to February 26. He never told me he had bought from a clerk at the Union Cold Storage or suggested that he was entitled to buy from there. To Mr. Warde. I know Taylor received  7 from Brown, which he paid over through the superintendent of the Cold Storage. I did not tell Brown he was never to pay money to Taylor; 2 1/2 d. was the price for second-grade salmon up to February. The first grade begun to come in towards the end of January. Brown would give me an order for a case and pay on account; Taylor having weighed the case, the balance was carried forward to the next transaction. My firm has received from Brown  10 odd for cases which have not been delivered. GEORGE JAMES, vanboy, Midland Railway, 14, Monument Street. On February 19 Brown brought to the office two cases of frozen salmon. From January 27 to March 4 12 cases were consigned by Brown to Luton. Four cases were consigned to Hammett of Luton by Brown; two cases were consigned to Parkes Brothers of Luton from John Layton and Co. HARRY OVEREND, passenger clerk, G.N.R., Luton, produced consignment notes of 15 cases frozen salmon to Brown of Luton between February 3 and 28. JOHN PATRICK DRISCOLL, clerk, Midland Railway, Luton. I saw Brown in my parcels office on February 17 and 19 and March 4. There were consigned to him on February 17 one case frozen fish; 19th, two cases; March 4, two cases; 20th, two cases; 22nd, two cases. On February 29 two cases came from Whitecross Street in the name of Parkes, which were returned. Detective-inspector JOHN COLLISON, City. On March 4, at 12.30 p.m., I saw Brown selling salmon at a stall in Luton Market. I told him I was a police officer from the City and was making inquiries respecting two cases of salmon which he had sold about February 28 to Hammett of that town. He said, "Yes, I sold him two cases." I said, "Where did you get them from?" He said, "The Union Cold Storage Company, Limited. I saw a Mr. Taylor there on or about the 22nd and told him that I should require two cases an 1 paid him  5 on account." He then produced this receipt: "Received from Mr. Brown the sum of  5 on account of two cases of frozen salmon. Edward J. Taylor." There is no stamp upon it; it is written in pencil, dated February 22. I told him that the Union Cold Storage Company, or John Layton and Co., had no record of those two cases leaving their premises and that I should take him to London, where he would be charged with stealing and receiving the two cases of fish. I brought him to London. At about 9.30 p.m. I saw Taylor at the Old Jewry Police Office. I told him I was a police officer and cautioned him. I showed him two labels which I had taken from two cases of salmon at Luton Station consigned to Parkes Brothers of Luton. He said, "Yes, they are in my handwriting." I said, "The firm has no record of those cases leaving their premises, and further, there is no firm of Parkes Brothers at Luton; there are also two cases consigned to Brown of Luton on or about February 28 and the firm have no record of those cases leaving their premises." He said, "All I have sent out I have received instructions to do so from the firm by 'phone or otherwise." They were both given into custody by Mr. Hooton. On the way to Cloak Lane Station Taylor said, "It is a terrible thing for me; what would you advise me to do?" I said, "Speak the truth." He then said to Mr. Hooton, "I take the responsibility for sending those two cases to Parkes of Luton. I am very sorry; do not be too hard upon me." To Mr. Saunderson. The labels are in Taylor's ordinary writing; he admitted it after a little hesitation. He said he had received instructions in all cases. He did not begin by saying, "The whole thing is a mistake." He said what he had done he had done under instructions from the chief office. He said that addressing them to Parkes Brothers of Luton was a clerical error. When he said, "I take the responsibility of sending the two cases to Parkes, of Luton, I took it as an admission of stealing the fish. I did not understand that he merely took the responsibility for having made a mistake. To Mr. Warde. When Brown was selling the fish I saw the wrappers with the name John Layton and Co.; the name is also printed conspicuously on the labels. Mr. Saunderson submitted that there was no evidence against Taylor. Mr. Warde submitted that there was no evidence against Brown of stealing; there was no evidence of deficiency in the stock of Layton and Co. Judge Lumley Smith said that he would leave the whole case to the jury. (Defence.) EDWARD JAMES TAYLOR (prisoner, on oath). For six or seven years 1 have been forwarding clerk to the Union Cold Storage Company. When asked by Collisson about the two cases consigned to Parkes of Luton, I said there was no such firm as Parkes at Luton; it was a clerical error. Parkes, of Cambridge, had ordered two cases and by mistake I had consigned them to Luton. I am always employed at high pressure. I had no intention chat those two cases should fall into the hands of Brown. Collisson mentioned the two cases consigned to Brown, of Luton, on February 23 that the firm had no record of those going out. I said, "Anything I have sent I have been advised by telephone or otherwise to do so." I never have delivered a single case unless I have had the money or something on account, or an order from John Layton and Co. Cross-examined. I more frequently had instructions on the telephone than in writing from Layton's. I had authority to deliver goods without their instructions until the end of February, when they told me not to do so. They gave me to understand that I was quite in order in delivering under certain circumstances. On January 29 I collected 50s. from Brown for one case of second-grade fish; he wanted to get to market in the early morning and I naturally used my discretion, thinking I had authority to deliver a case; there was no one at Layton's who could have confirmed ft. I also received  5,  7, and  6 10s. 11d. for cases sold to Brown by me, which were paid to Layton's through the superintendent he repremanded me for taking the money. Whenever I have delivered to Brown without orders I have always had something on account, which has been paid over. THOMAS WEYMOUTH BROWN (prisoner, on oath). I have been for several years in business as a fishmonger at 221, Market Place, Luton; there has never been any charge against me. When I first did business with Layton's I saw Gill and arranged to buy salmon at 2 1/2 d. a lb. and to pay  2 10s. on account when I wanted a case. I paid him  210s. and got a delivery order, upon which Taylor delivered me the goods. He told me that any time I wanted a case in the early morning he would take my money, which he did on several mornings at 2 or 3 a.m. I saw Gill and told him that I had paid Taylor 50s. on account of one case, and he had let me have it. Gill said, "That is all right, I will send you on the receipt." In one transaction I paid Taylor  7 on account of two cases, and on the following Monday I paid the balance,  6 10s. 11d., to Taylor in front of Mr. Barber, the superintendent. On a Friday Taylor told me he had sent by error two cases of salmon to a firm of Parkes to Luton instead of Cambridge and he was going to Layton to see whether they would give him a transfer to hand to me for me to pay Layton's the cash. After telling Gill about paying Taylor I thought I was perfectly safe in paying Taylor for any stuff I wanted early in the morning and I continued doing so until February 22. The fish I had in the early time was all second grade. On February 24 I bought some first grade and some second grade; I had four cases; I paid him  5 on account of two cases and  7 on account of two cases first quality, which I did not know the price of until after I had sold them at Luton Market and made a loss upon them. I told Hammett I was sole agent, meaning of my own firm, of which I was also master. I never took an order in the name of Layton nor sold a case in their name. I never said I was agent for Layton. I have paid Layton's for two cases of best salmon, which I have not taken delivery of. On February 26 I was told, I think by Barber, not to pay Taylor any more money. The same night I saw Mr. Gill and bought a case of first quality at 5 3/4 d. and paid him to 9s. 4d. It worked out at  5 7s., so that they had overcharged me  1 2s. Some of the cases were consigned direct to Hammett by my instructions as I had sold them to him. I sold both first grade and second grade at the same price on one occasion. If I made  4 a case for second grade and paid 50s. I was doing very well, but I sold some of the best grade in with it. Cross-examined. If you picked out about half a dozen discoloured fish from the second grade, you could not tell the difference between second grade and first quality fish. I have taken out the discoloured fish, smoked them, and sold them as smoked salmon. I cannot say how many parcels I have bought. I have always paid either Taylor or Layton's. (Thursday, March 21.) Verdict (both), Not guilty. On the charge of embezzlement, a very good character was given Taylor, and he, having been some time in prison, was released on his own recognisances to come up for judgment if called upon. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Wednesday, March 20.) DOVE, James, otherwise Wilson (70, tailor) pleaded guilty, of stealing one overcoat, one pair of gloves, and one cigar case, the goods of Horace Broughton Nash, and one umbrella, the goods of George Samuel. A previous conviction was proved. Sentence (March 22): Seven days' hard labour, Judge Rentoul remarking that he was merely sending prisoner to finish his last sentence. WILSON, George, otherwise Nolan (27, porter) pleaded guilty, of breaking and entering the shop of George Baxter, with intent to steal therein; being found by night having in his possession without lawful excuse, certain implements of housebreaking. Prisoner confessed to a conviction of felony at this Court on September 10, 1907. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour on each indictment, to run concurrently. LAZARUS, Simon (19, dealer), FRANKEL, Reuben (39, traveller), and GOLDSTEIN, Sophie (38), feloniously receiving five rolls of silk, the goods of George Beck with, well knowing the same to have been stolen. Mr. Jones Lewis prosecuted; Mr. Huntly Jenkins defended Lazarus; Mr. Purcell defended Frankel. ROBERT JAMES ELVIN. I am warehouseman to prosecutor, whose warehouse is at 14, Knightrider Street, E.C. The premises were locked up on February 8 at 7 p.m. with a padlock and a bar. Next morning I found the door splintered and the lock broken away. The lock was in the hands of the police. I missed 48 pieces of silk and 68 pieces of cotton goods. I identify the goods produced as belonging to my master. ALICE SMITH. I saw a man bring goods from prosecutor's door and put them in a van. I identified Lazarus as a man who was sitting in the van. I said to the best of my belief he was the man. Cross-examined by Mr. Jenkins. I also identified a man named Stern. He was discharged. The magistrate had no right to let him off. The stealing of the goods was all done momentarily. The one I saw sitting at the side of the van sat on the things at the back. Had I known there was anything wrong going on I should have taken more notice. There were four men altogether. I said to the best, of my belief Lazarus was the man who brought out the goods. (To the jury.) I had no previous knowledge of him. Sergeant HENRY DESSENT, H. At 9.30 p.m. on February 14 I went with Detective-sergeant Boreham to 39, Yalford Street, White-chapel. We knocked. The door was opened by Lazarus. I said, "I want to see Mr. Lazarus." He said, "He is out; what do you want? I am in charge here." I said, "We are police officers making inquiries respecting some silk; we have reason to believe you have a large quantity in your possession; we believe it to be stolen." He replied, "We have no silk here; we only deal in rags." I said, "Are you sure?" I then showed him a sample. He said, "Well, I suppose I must tell you the truth." My father had nothing to do with it. A man came to me last Friday and showed me some samples. He said he had 1, 650 yards and wanted 6d. a yard. I bought five rolls and gave him  10. I gave him  6 then and  4 later in the day. My father was there when I gave him the  4." We went upstairs to a front room on the first floor and he there endeavoured to break the padlock of a cupboard in the room. He was unable to do so and asked Sergeant Boreham to break it. He said his father had the key. Sergeant Boreham forced the door and took from the cupboard this sack containing four rolls similar to this one. I asked if he knew the name of the man from whom he bought them. He said, "No, I never saw him before; he was a respectable-looking fellow." I asked if he had got a receipt; he said no. To Mr. Jenkins. He gave me every facility after he said "I suppose I must tell you the truth." Five rolls were found. I do not know whether he knew me. I know he knew Sergeant Boreham. Detective-sergeant ALBERT BOREHAM corroborated. On February 22 at 11 a.m. I went with Detective Stevens to 17, Sutton Street, E. I saw Frankel enter the house with a key. He remained there about 20 minutes. He came out and went towards Aldgate, where I lost sight of him. At 11.30 p.m. that night I was with Sergeant Cridland and Chief Inspector Wensley. I arrested him at 342, Cable Street. I said, "You know, us." He said "Yes." I said, "I believe you hired a room from Mrs. Davis (Goldstein) at 17, Sutton Street, and took some property there which we have since recovered, and which we believe to have been stolen." He replied, "I know nothing about it." On the way to the station he said, "Did Mrs. Davis say I hired a room?" I said, "Yes; however, you were there this evening." He said, "She can say what she likes. Although I hired a room she cannot say I put stolen stuff in." On the way to the station Goldstein said, "That is the man that hired the room off me," meaning Frankel. Detective-sergeant FREDERICK WISE, City Police. On February 14 I went with prosecutor's clerk, Elvin, to Leman Street. He there identified five pieces of silk as the property of his firm and which had been stolen from 14, Knightrider Street, on the 8th. I then saw Lazarus. I told him I was a police officer and was going to arrest him and take him to the station, where he would be charged with other men not in custody in breaking and entering 14, Knightrider Street, and stealing there from a quantity of silk and cotton goods valued at  225. Lazarus said, "Stealing! I do not know how you can charge me with stealing; if you charge me with stealing it will be a trumped up charge. I can prove where I was on Thursday night." I then conveyed him with the property to Bridewell Police Station. Later in the afternoon he was asked to place himself amongst eight other men. He was then picked out by Mrs. Alice Smith. She said to the best of her belief he was one of the men she had seen outside 14, Knightrider Street, on the night of the robbery between 7 and 7.30. Five others were arrested; two have been discharged. Inspector HERBERT HINE, City Police. I saw Frankel and Goldstein detained at Shad well Police Station. I was shown 13 pieces of silk and cotton goods. I afterwards said to the two accused and others," I am a City police officer and 1 am going to take you to Bridewell Place Police station, where you will be charged together with being concerned in receiving 13 pieces of silk and cotton goods which were stolen by means of warehouse breaking on February 8, the property of Messrs. Beckwith." Frankel said, "I know nothing about it. I was not at 17, Sutton Street, yesterday." Goldstein said, pointing to Frankel, "That is the man who brought the silk to my house and hired a room from me." Neither of the accused here made any reply when formally charged. To Goldstein. I received some keys from another officer and with that officer I went to 117, Old Montague Street, where Frankel said a key fitted the door. That key does not fit either of the doors at that address, but it does fit your street door. I do not know if the other key fitted the kitchen door. I do not know if the other officer tried it. ELLEN COLEMAN, 70, Sutton Street, E. On February 22 as I was returning from getting some bread, I was talking to Mrs. Yepslow when Mrs. Goldstein beckoned me across the road. We went across to her. I had only spoken to her once before. She asked me if I would do something for her. I said, "Yes; what is it?" She said, "Come inside and I will show you." My friend and I went inside. Goldstein said she was having the brokers in on Friday, would I mind some things for her till Sunday, when she was going to leave. She said she would pay me. She closed the door and went into the cellar. I went behind her and Mrs. Yepslow next to me. She took a chopper (produced) from the yard and wrenched the padlock from the cellar door and brought out two sacks. She undid them and took several rolls of silk from them. She put some into my apron and some into Mrs. Yepslow's. She asked where my friend lived; I told her 16, Fenton Street. She said, "Take the silk there; it will be the lightest; the heaviest stuff you can take across to your house. Mrs. Yepslow's boy helped us carry it away not the silk. We came back again and Mrs. Goldstein undid a sack with some cloth in it. My friend's apron was not big enough and Mrs. Goldstein lent her a pinofore to put the cloth in. It was put under Mrs. Yepslow's bed. Mrs. Goldstein gave us 2s. 6d. To Mr. Purcell. I do not know Frankel. I believe there are lodgers at Mrs. Goldstein's. I have heard it is a bad house. The evidence was interpreted to Goldstein, who said that everything witness said was a lie. Detective-sergeant WILLIAM CRIDLAND, H. At 8.30 on February 22 I went with another officer to 17, Sutton Street. I saw Goldstein, and told her that two women and a boy had been stopped, having some cloth in their possession which was supposed to be stolen, and I had seen it come out from her house. I said they had made a statement implicating her. She replied, "I know nothing; no cloth or stuff went out of here; they tell lies." She said, "A man named Reuben "(that is Frankel) "who had a shop in Commercial Road four years ago, came here last Monday and hired the kitchen. He afterwards brought some stuff. Next day, Tuesday, about 12.30 p.m., he came here with a tall thin man with a van; brought some sacks; it was cloth and silk. He came in to-day and brought the other people with him and they took the stuff out. I know nothing." I told her one of the women said she gave her 2s. 6d. to take the stuff out. She said, "Yes, Reuben was in the kitchen at the same time." I went to 16, Fenton Street, and under the bed at Mrs. Yepslow's I found 13 rolls of silk and 15 lengths of cloth. I went back to Sutton Street and told Mrs. Goldstein what I had found. She said, "I can only tell you what I have told you before; Mr. Reuben took the room off me, and this evening when the two women and the boy came Reuben was in my room with the door partly shut." I took her to Shadwell Police Station, where she was detained. About 11 p.m. the same evening I went with Chief-inspector Wensley and Sergeant Boreham to 342, Cable Street and assisted to arrest Reuben Frankel. He was taken to Shadwell Police Station, where Mrs. Goldstein was detained. On entering the charge room Goldstein said, pointing to Frankel, "That is the man I let the room to and gave him a key of the front door." When Frankel was searched a bunch of keys was found on him. Goldstein, pointing to one of them, said, "That is the key I gave him." That was the key of the front door. On the 27th, at Frankel's request, I went to 117, Old Montague Street, with Inspector Hine, and tried this key which Frankel said belonged to the door. It did not fit. (To the Jury.) There is no key on the bunch that fits the padlock. Detective CHRISTOPHER, H. In consequence of what I heard I went to Sutton Street on February 22 and kept observation. At 7.10 p.m. I saw Frankel enter No. 17, I believe with a key. At 7.40 I saw two women and a boy knock at 17, Sutton Street. The door was immediately opened and they entered. Ten minutes later they returned to the street, the lad was carrying a big bag on his shoulders and the two women something bulky in their aprons, which I subsequently found contained 15 rolls of cloth. They were taken to Shadwell Police Station. To Mr. Jenkins. I knew that Frankel was carrying on business as a small provision dealer in Old Montague Street. JOHN SUTHERLAND, tweed merchant, Edinburgh, identified three pieces of cloth as having been despatched by him to John Eeles and Co., Wardour Street, W. CHARLES CLIFF, traveller to George Harrison, 16, Belfast Chambers, Beak Street, W., identified a piece of cloth as part of two bales despatched by his firm on January 26 to Heron and Co., 98, Victoria Street. GEORGE SEARLE, carman to Charles A. Matthews and Co., Hop Exchange. I had three bales of woollen goods on my van, which I collected from Hermitage Wharf on January 29. I left the van in Wapping with the boy. When I returned the van was gone. Mr. Purcell submitted that statements by Goldstein were not evidence against her co-prisoners but only evidence against herself; that there was no case to go to the jury against Frankel; that there was no legal evidence that Frankel knew anything at all about the property that was found at Mrs. Goldstein's. Judge Rentoul ruled that there was no evidence against Frankel, and a verdict of Not guilty was returned. (Defence.) SIMON LAZARUS (prisoner, on oath). I live with my parents. I have never had any accusation brought against me. On February 22 a stranger called on me. He said he was the agent of a firm who had gone bankrupt and asked if I would buy any silk. He produced about 20 patterns in a paper. I picked out five and he said he would bring them in the afternoon. He brought them on a barrow. He asked me 6d. a yard at first, and then he said to me, "I should buy by the piece, by the roll." The stuff is half cotton, half silk. I agreed to pay  10 for five rolls. I asked for a receipt; he offered one on a blank piece of paper; I did not care for it and he said he would bring one in the evening. I did not pay him the whole  10; I intended paying him the  4 balance when he brought the receipt. He never came back. The detectives came about five days afterwards. Their evidence is substantially true. Cross-examined. I have only previously bought rags of strangers. I did not think there was anything suspicious about the silk. I deal in old rags and tailors' trimmings. Other goods were locked in the cupboard besides the silk, not rags. I have not bought as much valuable silk as this before. The reason the cupboard was locked was that there are people passing. I was afraid of getting into trouble at the time the police came and asked if my father was in. I had suspicions all was not right. I thought 6d. a yard a fair price. I did not think of getting paper and pen and ink for the man to write a receipt. I had 40 worth of goods in stock at the time. Re-examined. The man had not a stamp with him at the time; nor had I. (To the Court.) I did not know the need for a stamp; I know over 2 requires a stamp. I think a penny stamp carries any amount. I realise I have done a very stupid thing. HARRY FISHMAN, licensed victualler. Prisoner Lazarus bears the highest character. SOPHIE GOLDSTEIN (prisoner, on oath). I live at 17, Button Street. I am married. My husband is living. Frankel took from me the kitchen. He paid me 2s. and I gave him the key of the street door on Monday. Tuesday he moved in. He brought the sacks the same day. On Thursday the two women came. I do not know their names. They live in a street by me. I knew the woman Coleman before. She stole a big sheet and pillow-case out of a stranger's house where she went cleaning. I was told that. I never spoke to her in my life. When the women came they told me they wanted to take some goods from my place and asked for Reuben. He was in my place all day long. They asked Reuben, "You have got something to do in the kitchen; you want to take away some goods." He said yes and asked when she comes; she says in the afternoon. She comes with the other woman; she was by herself before. In the afternoon she brought the other woman to take the things away. She come down in the kitchen; she screams up, "Missis, the kitchen is shut." I told Reuben the kitchen is shut. He said, "You go round and tell her to open it." The opened it herself. When she went away she asked for 1s. I told Reuben to give her 1s.; he said, "All right, here is 2s. 6d." I gave it her from my hande. When the constable came he asked, "Is that the lot." I say, "I do not think so; perhaps it is the lot." He asked, "Who belongs to the locked-up room." I say Reuben took from me the kitchen; he gave me 2s. deposit and I gave him the street door key. I have a man and his wife living on the first floor. I don't have no lodgers at all. I keep a respectable place. I do not have immoral women there. My husband and I are Russians. He is in work. He is here. Cross-examined. I did not beckon the women over. I can prove that by my tenant who opened the door. I did not expect any bailiffs. I owe nobody a penny. This apron (produced) is mine. I do not know how it came in Mrs. Coleman's possession. I did not lend it. Perhaps she got it in the kitchen. She asked me for a pinny. I do not know what she carried away in the apron. They both had a load of goods in their aprons. WOLFF COHEN, 1, Salter Street, Cannon Street Road. I remember the silk being delivered. I took it in. There was no concealment about it. I remember Lazarus speaking to the man who brought it. The price was 2 a roll. Lazarus said, "I want a receipt before I pay the money. "The other man said, "I will writ you something out on a piece of paper; I have not got a stamp with me. "Lazarus said, "That one is no good; I want a stamped receipt. "I saw 6 paid. Lazarus said he would pay the rest when he brought the receipt. I am in the employ of prisoner's father. (To the Court.) Prisoner asked me last week if I remembered who was there at the time he bought the stuff. I said I took the stuff in. Cross-examined. The money was paid on Friday, February 9. I took the silk up myself. I did not lock it up. I left it open. Verdict, Not guilty. McDONALD, Patrick (41, labourer) pleaded guilty, of feloniously and without lawful authority or excuse, in the name of Frederick Anthony, acknowledging a certain recognisance when becoming bail for Catherine Praeter, thereby obtaining her release from lawful custody. Prisoner confessed to a conviction of felony at the County of London Sessions on September 24, 1907. Sentence: One months' hard labour. TOMLIN, Elizabeth pleaded guilty, of stealing a banker's cheque for  4 14s. 6d., the property of Henry Lewis; forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, the endorsement on the said cheque, with intent to defraud; obtaining by false pretences from Robert Sunner  1, his moneys, with intent to defraud. (March 21.) Prisoner was released on her own recognisances and those of her father, in  10 each, to come up for judgment if called upon. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Thursday, March 21.) JENNER, Tom (35, tailor) pleaded guilty, of being bailee of certain property, to wit, one costume, the goods of Annie Laxter, fraudulently converting the same to his own use thereby stealing the same. Prisoner, having been in custody two weeks and having a previous good character, was released on his own recognisances in  5 to come up for judgment if called upon. COLLINS, John (54, labourer), and SEYMOUR, Henry (41, labourer), both breaking and entering a place of Divine worship, to wit, St. Marylebone Parish Church, and stealing therein one pair of solitaires, the goods of Mary Ann Clarke, and three bottles of wine, the goods of the churchwardens of the said church; both burglary in the dwelling-house of Walter Sharp with intent to steal therein. Mr. Adrian Clark prosecuted. Prisoners were tried on the first indictment. MARY ANN CLARK, 25, Paddington Street, vestry woman at Marylebone Parish Church. Pair of solitaires produced are mine. On February 16 I locked them attached to a pair of cuffs in a drawer in the vestry; I left at 4 p.m. On February 17 at 8.45 a.m. I found the drawers in the vestry broken, things turned out on to the dresser; in the lavatory some empty bottles and my cuffs on the sink. The cupboard in the vestry was broken open and the wine gone, one wine bottle was half emptied, was in the lavatory quite empty. The stained glass window of the church had great holes in it. Cross-examined by Seymour. I have no private mark on the solitaires, but I can swear to them as my property; I have worn them for 25 years. I do not know either of the prisoners. CHARLES EDWIN HEWITT, verger, St. Marylebone Parish Church. On February 16 at 10 p.m. I locked up the church. At 8 a.m. the next day I found four collection boxes broken, the stained glass memorial window was broken in; in the vestry the drawers were taken out of the sideboard, the contents thrown about. The door leading to the safe had been attempted to be forced, a hair brush put in as a wedge, and the handle of a shovel used as a lever. There were two empty wine bottles on the floor. The safe contained the Communion plate. The fire-irons were broken into two pieces. Sergeant JAMES BERRETT, B Division. On February 17 at 11.30 a.m. I saw prisoners at Marylebone Police court. I said, "As you are going to be charged with breaking into the parish church of Marylebone and a pair of solitaires have been stolen at that place which have not been found, I propose searching you thoroughly, and if necessary I shall remove your clothing." Both prisoners said, "You can do what you like." They laughed. I searched Collins and found nothing upon him, but I noticed him wink at Seymour; Seymour winked and pointed to the cap he was wearing. I then searched Seymour and found in the lining of his cap, which was pinned, pair of solitaires (produced). I said, "There are the solitaires I have been looking for." Seymour replied, "God bli'me, governor, that has done it, but it is our place to hide and your place to find; you cannot expect us to tell you where the stuff is." Collins said, "Well, that finishes it up now, and I hope you are satisfied; you do not want anything further." To Seymour. You were arrested at 3 a.m. Information was received that the church had been broken into at 9 a.m. Detective CHARLES BERESFORD, D Division, corroborated as to the state of the church. At the front entrance I saw foot prints and and traced them past the newly dug flower-beds to a wall about 12 ft. high, which surrounded the church. I there found some marks as if somebody had got over. At the side entrance I found similar marks. At the base of the wall I picked up button (produced), which I handed to Inspector MacPherson. Inspector JOHN MACPHERSON, D Division. On February 17 I received button (produced) and told prisoners where it had been found. I found on Seymour's jacket a button was missing; this button was similar to the others and I told him so. I said, "You will be charged with being concerned together in breaking and entering the church during the night." Seymour said, "You can charge me with what you like." Collins said, "All right." I examined their boots and found some new mould on them. I had noticed the grounds of the church had been lately dug up. Verdict (both), Guilty. Mr. Clark said that he did not think it necessary to proceed on the indictment for burglary. Collins confessed to having been convicted on December 11, 1899, of burglary in the name of Thomas New body. Seymour confessed to having been convicted on October 22, 1907, of felony. Both prisoners were indicted as habitual criminals. Collins pleaded guilty. With regard to Seymour Sergeant JAMES BERRETT produced the authority of the Director of Public Prosecutions and proved the service of the notices on the prisoner. Inspector SIDNEY BETTS. I was present at this court on December 11, 1899, when Seymour was sentenced to six years' penal servitude for burglary, breaking into a chapel and stealing a set of Communion Plate; also at North London Sessions on October 11, 1904, when he was sentenced to three months' hard labour and license revoked for stealing lead. Police-constable JOSEPH CRIPPS, 27 AR. I was present at the North London Sessions on October 22, 1907, when Henry Seymour was sentenced to three years' penal servitude for stealing lead pipe, and brass fittings. Inspector HENRY BROOKS, S Division. On April 30, 1906, I was present at this court when Seymour was sentenced to 12 months' hard labour for breaking and entering a church. In 1904 he was over 16 years of age. Sergeant JAMES BERRETT, recalled. Collins commenced his career of crime in 1895, when he and Seymour were together sentenced at Marylebone Police Court; he has been in and out of prison ever since. In addition to the six years' penal servitude for sacrilege, on another occasion Seymour was found breaking into a church, and also found in another church in course of erection; he was only released from prison two days prior to his arrest. I have known him 14 years in the Westminster district. With others he takes a barrow round ostensibly to collect bottles, taking anything they can come across. On one occasion he fell 35 ft. from a church and injured himself; that was taken into consideration in his sentence of 12 months at this court. Sergeant MARK PINNICK (called by Seymour). When you were at Marylebone Police Court on October 23, 1911, you were bound over in  5, being charged as a suspected person. You told me that you had walked from Grimsby, where you had been working in the docks, and had been discharged owing to your sight failing; you said you had been collecting bottles, rags, and bones and selling them to Dickinson, 49, Wood Street, Westminster. I saw Dickinson, who did not recollect you, but said you might have sold bottles there. I had correspondence with the Grimsby Police, and the magistrate, Mr. Paul Taylor, took into consideration that you had very bad sight, bound you over, and, as you promised to go to Dover, gave you 5s. out of the poor box. Very soon after you were charged again at Marylebone. Verdict, Guilty. Sentence (each prisoner): Three years' penal servitude and Five years' preventive detention. BROWN, William James (30, draper's assistant), and TYRRELL, Alfred (18, soldier), Brown committing an act of gross indency with Tyrrell; Tyrrell committing an act of gross indency with Brown. Brown pleaded guilty. Mr. G. Tully-Christie prosecuted. Verdict (Tyrrell), Not guilty. Brown having a good character, was released on his own recognisances in  10 to come up for judgment if called upon. GALLAFENT, Arthur (36, labourer), and HAYES, Richard (26, warehouseman), feloniously causing certain grievous bodily harm to Walter Bymay with intent to resist the lawful apprehension of the said R. Hayes. Mr. Travers Humphreys and Mr. Roland Oliver prosecuted; Mr. C. A. H. Black defended Hayes. Police-constable WALTER BYMAY, 477 G. On February 13, at 1 p.m., I saw Hayes betting in Goswell Road. I told him I was a police officer and should arrest him for bookmaking. He said, "All right I did not think you were a copper." On the way to the station he struck me in the chest with his fist. We both fell; he got up and ran down Hatfield Street. I followed two or three yards behind. He called to Gallafent, who was there talking to a woman, "Put the bastard out," ran to the bottom of the street, then doubled back; I followed and caught him against the "Rising Sun" public-house. Gallafent ran at me with chopper produced. I struck him across the back and breast with my truncheon. These was a hostile crowd. Gallafent caught me by the sleeve, someone kicked me and I fell down. Gallafent then kicked me twice in the stomach; as he was kicking me a third time I caught hold of the leg of his trousers and pulled him down and struck him across the head with my truncheon. I got my whistle out and blew it, another constable arrived, and after a few minutes we got him to the station. Hayes meantime had got away. At the station I told the Inspector this man had assaulted me as I was arresting Hayes. I was put under the doctor. I am now recovered. Cross-examined by Mr. Black. I was on plain clothes duty, looking out for bookmakers. I saw Hayes giving slips of paper. He went into a public-house; I followed him and called for a glass of beer. I was told I was in the wrong bar. I had no warrant. I did not arrest him in the public-house. When arrested he went for 12 yards quietly, I having hold of his sleeve; he struck me, we grappled and fell. When Hayes said, "Put the bastard out," there were a lot of people in the road; I am certain it was Hayes said it. Cross-examined by Gallafent. You were at No. 9, Hatfield Street, talking to a woman not under the arch. In the struggle the chopper fell to the ground. DR. HENRY BAILEY, divisional surgeon. On February 13, a little after 2 p.m., I saw prosecutor at Shepherdess Walk Police Station. He was sitting on a chair; his pulse was very small and weak; he was pale, sweating on the forehead, and collapsed. He complained of great pain on the left side of the stomach, where he had received a blow. He was quite unfit for duty. I put him on the sick-list; he lives at the section house, and went straight upstairs to bed on my order. I have no doubt he had been seriously injured. I saw him again at 5 p.m.; he was still collapsed. The next day a large bruise came out on the left side of his stomach, probably due to a severe kick. He was on the sick-list for a fortnight and then resumed duty. At the station I also dressed a wound over Gallafent's eye, caused by a blow with a truncheon. To Mr. Black. I think it is very unlikely the bruise was caused by running against a barrow. He made no complaint to me about a blow with a chopper. ARTHUR CROW, 66a, Marlboro Road, Bowes Park, warehouseman. On February 13 I was in Hatfield Street in my dinner hour about 20 yards from Goswell Road. I saw Hayes running towards Goswell Road, with prosecutor six yards behind. They passed me. Hayes got to Goswell Road, turned, passed the prosecutor; they fell together; prosecutor fried to strike Hayes on the head with the truncheon, and he turned to protect his head. Gallafent came up, put his arms round prosecutor, and pulled him away from Hayes, who ran away up Hatfield Street. Gallafent followed him. To Gallafent. I believe you came from the archway. I did not see you strike prosecutor. Police-constable FRANK COOK, 485 G. On February 13 I heard a police whistle and went into Hatfield Street; there was a crowd of some 200 people. Gallafent was walking through the crowd towards Goswell Road. I stopped him and said, "What is the matter?" He said. "I have been assaulted." I said, "Do you know who has done it?" He said, "I do not know." I said, "Do you want to go to the hospital?" He said, "Oh, no. "Prosecutor came up and said, "I want you; you have assaulted me." Prosecutor was in a very dazed condition. Gallafent made no reply. I took him to the station. On the way he was abusing prosecutor and shouting to people in the crowd who were following. To Gallafent. You were coming from Baldock Street towards me. Prosecutor walked with you on your left side to the station and I think held your arm; you made no attempt to get away. Inspector WILLIAM DUNCAN. On February 13, at 2 p.m., Gallafent was brought to City Road Police Station by Police-constable Cook and prosecutor. Prosecutor stated that his prisoner had been rescued and Gallafent had assaulted him; he then collapsed. After the doctor had attended prosecutor and Gallafent I charged Gallafent with causing grievous bodily harm with intent to resist the lawful apprehension of another person. Gallafent had a slight wound over his eye. He said, "He has pinched me to cover up this. Can I have bail." I said, "No. "I heard nothing about the chopper at that time. I visited prosecutor about two hours afterwards, and at 9 p.m. went to 10, Hatfield Street, where, in the fender in the front room, I found chopper (produced), which was identified by prosecutor. The next day prosecutor's truncheon was brought to the station by Gallafent's brother. To Mr. Black. I have known Hayes for some years as a betting man and as a peaceful and quiet man. To Gallafent. There was no attempt to conceal the chopper; prosecutor recognised it the next day. Sergeant FREDERICK BIGGS, G Division. On February 14 at 11.30 a.m. Hayes came to Shepherdess Walk Police Station and said, "I hear inquiries are being made over the Gallafent affair. If I am wanted I give myself up. I was in the 'Shakespeare' at the time, when a man followed me out and caught hold of me; I did not know he was a policeman, and ran away." I told him he would be charged with causing grievous bodily harm to the constable and also with street betting. He said, "Betting admitted; but I know nothing about the other." On the submission of Mr. Black, Judge Lumley Smith said he did not think there was a case against Hayes on this indictment. Mr. Travers Humphreys said he proposed to try the misdemeanour indictment of causing actual bodily harm and common assault. (Friday, March 22.) (Defence.) JOHN SHEARMAN. (To the Court.) On Tuesday afternoon, February 13, At 1.30, I was standing at the corner of Goswell Road and Hatfield Street talking to my wife. I afterwards saw two men running from Goswell Road through Hatfield Street. As we passed Gallafent and his wife we went indoors, five houses up on the left-hand side. Two or three minutes after I got indoors I heard a shout. I rushed out, looked down the bottom of the street. Only five doors from me I saw Gallafent standing at the corner. I saw two men running. One ran past Gallafent up the street. There was a barrow about 30 or 40 feet up the street; one man ran one side of the barrow and the other the other. Then he dodged back, went a few paces in Goswell Road and ran round Gallafent, who stepped out of the way. I know now one of them was a constable. The constable had his staff, pulled it out and struck Gallafent across the eye. Gallafent had not struck the constable first, only stepped out of the way. The constable continued running after Hayes. I knew Hayes. They ran up a little yard that runs into Goswell Road. The constable captured the man in the corner and there was a bit of a tussle between Hayes and the constable, Hayes trying to get away. In the meantime Gallafent walked up the court into the open to this nook, and stood there wiping his eye, and while the struggle was going on it did not last more than two or three minutes he said, "You cowardly bastard." The constable closed with him and holding Hayes by the cuff Gallafent tried to get the stick; the constable claimed him and there was a tussle. Hayes ran away, the constable continued his running after Hayes; they seemed exhausted. I did not see Gallafent do anything to the constable. I did not see any reason for the constable striking him over the eye. He had not struck at the constable. He did not kick him. I swear that. People flocked from Goswell Road, but they did not go up the street; one or two passed up the street. I never saw the, constable or anyone on the ground. To Gallafent. After the constable struck you with the truncheon he chased Hayes, who escaped round the turning over the wall. I did not see you go near your door the whole time. You never had a chopper. You never had anything in your hand. While I was speaking to the other policeman in uniform two policemen in uniform came from Goswell Road and asked what was the matter. You said, "Some man struck me with a stick." I never heard Police-constable Bymay say he was a police constable. Cross-examined. I am Gallafent's father-in-law. Hayes and Police-constable Bymay came into the street after I had spoken to Gallafent. The shout I heard was like a young girl holloaing in the street. Directly I went to the door I saw them running. They were 40 feet off. I measured it. I did not hear Hayes call out to Gallafent. I did not hear him say, "Put the bastard out." I did not hear anybody say that. It could have been said without my hearing it. There was no chopper. It could not have been used without me seeing it. I saw it at five o'clock in the room. While the constable was taking Gallafent to the station I went in the room with another friend to look for a certain thing and the chopper was in the fender. I did not hear Gallafent say anything to my daughter. I heard him say, "Give me a handkerchief "; he had nothing but his bare hand up to his eye. I was not more than a foot a way from him. I saw the officer draw his truncheon from this pocket, not the one where they always carry them. He was holding it in his hand when he closed with Hayes. I never saw Bymay on the ground. I saw the whole of the tussle with the policeman when he captured Hayes the second time. There was no one on the ground then. The constable did not detain Hayes more than a minute. He left Gallafent to run after Hayes. I swear Gallafent never kicked the officer in the corner where the tussle was. If it was after the shout I should have seen it. I heard the officer was injured next morning. I did not know it then. He ran up the street. I saw nobody do anything to the officer that would account for his injuries. I cannot account for how he came by them. Within about three minutes there was a crowd of about 50 people, but there was only three at the beginning. I was one of them. There was a crowd of 200 at the Goswell Road end of the court. The crowd was not hostile; they were frightened. I was a little bit nervous. It is absolutely false that the crowd pulled the officer to the ground and that Hayes kicked him. It was at the bottom of the court that he hit Hayes with his truncheon. I heard someone blow a whistle in Little Baltic Street. two constables came up before that. Bymay did not blow the whistle till he got to Little Baltic Street. Gallafent's wife gave me the truncheon and I sent it back to the, police. A stranger gave it to her. No one took it away from the officer; it fell to the ground in the tussle. WILLIAM DESMOND, newsvendor. (To the Court.) I saw Gallafent talking to his wife at the corner of Hatfield Street, when two men run in from Goswell Road, and as the behind man approached Hatfield Street he gave Gallafent a blow over the eye with a thick black stick, then went on running up the street after the first man. chased him round a wheelbarrow. Gallafent came up the street with his hand where he caught the blow, said, "Oh, you coward" to the man. The stick dropped; he tried to get the stick; then the other man tried to get Gahafent, and the other man on the pavement, and tried to pin them to the wall, in which one of the men got away. He left Gallafent bleeding. He ran after the first man into Baltic Street, where he lost him. He stood there about two minutes blowing his whistle. He came back into Hatfield Street, saw Gallafent talking to two policemen outside the coal shop and there he charged Gallafent. I do not know what he charged him with. I know he told two policemen to take him to the station. To Gallafent. The constable struck you across the eye deliberately. You did nothing to the constable. You were talking to your wife a foot away. From the time they chased you till you were arrested you were not near your door. You were in one position at the corner of the street. You had no weapon. The constable was standing up when he struck you; so were you. No kicking was done. I did not hear him say he was a constable. Cross-examined. I saw nothing happen before the men ran out of Goswell Road and the constable struck Gallafent. They ran round a barrow. I believe it was before that that the officer struck Gallafant on. the head. The officer was never on the ground. He was not kicked. There was a crowd round when Hayes was struggling with the officer. The crowd was not hostile; they were all strangers to Hatfield Street. They might have been saying, "Oh, you coward," against the man that struck him. I did not get too near in case I caught a blow from the stick. The officer only blew his whistle in Baltic Street. I do not know whether the other officers heard the whistle; I know they ran into Hatfield Street. I saw them talking to Gallafent. That must have been while the whistle was blowing. They were nowhere near Hatfield Street till they heard the whistle. I only knew Hayes by sight. I live opposite Gallafent. HERBERT CRESSWELL, insurance agent. (To the Court.) I saw Hayes running away from another man. They ran down the street and back again, dodged round a coaster's barrow. Gallafent appeared to be hindering the policeman; they got in a corner; there was a struggle and Hayes eventually got away. There was a struggle between the three. The policeman came back and arrested Hayes. He hit Hayes with the truncheon. That was when they came back after he caught Hayes by the barrow. To Gallafent. I did not see you on the ground. I saw no one kicked. You ran towards Golden Lane. I did not see you near your door. I saw no chopper. Cross-examined. I was opposite No. 10, about ten yards from where the struggle was. There was no crowd, only youngsters. There was a crowd after several policemen came down. I saw Gallafent arrested. There were a good many people there then. The officer was at no time on the ground. He was never kicked. I cannot suggest how he was injured. I did not see him hit Gallafent on the head. I saw the two men when they first ran into Hatfield Street. The constable was close enough to hit Gallafent. I did not see it. He did not hit Gallifent after they dodged round the barrow. I do not know Desmond, Crow, or Shearman. I did not hear a whistle blown. FRANCIS WARD, insurance agent, 41, Turner Square, Hoxton. (To the Court.) I was with last witness. He is in the same insurance office. I first saw two men running down the street, Hayes and a detective. They went up the turning and back again and dodged round a barrow. They got into a corner and closed grips. The detective started to hit Hayes with a truncheon. This went on for a few seconds, and Gallafent came across the other side of the turning and held the detective. In the struggle Hayes gat away. After a few seconds wrestling the detective got away and took up the chase after Hayes down the street. At that time Hayes was out of it. He came back, and Gallafent was standing aside, and they arrested Gallafent. I did not see any blows struck or anybody on the ground or anybody kicked. To Gallafent. I did not see you near your door. I did not see a chopper. I did not see you kick the constable. I did not see the constable on the ground. Cross-examined. I only know Gallafent by sight. I collect down this turning. I do not know how Gallafent got the cut on his head or how the constable got the bruise on his stomach. I was asked to give evidence by a woman at No. 7 where I collect. I do not know her name. I told her I would not. I was not asked what I had seen. I did not want to give evidence because it interferes with my business. I have had to do my work after I have been to the court each day. ARTHUR GALLAFENT (prisoner, not on oath). Bymay says he was assaulted 15 yards from Goswell Road, in Hatfield Street. Cook tells you he came from Goswell Road, and speaks to me 30 to 50 yards in the street. If Bymay had been lying on the ground 15 ft. away he must have passed him blowing his whistle without seeing him; instead of that Cook tells you he did not see him on the ground, neither did he see him in Hatfield Street after speaking to me, yet he tells you he came in the direction of Golden Lane and Baltic Street when I was arrested. If he had been kicked this place has warehouses in 'he street don't you think someone would have gone to his assistance? Why did he fabricate this charge? I will tell you. He could not go to the police station and tell the truth. He could not say," I have lost a bookmaker and lost my truncheon." He manufactured this to caver up this and his own misdemeanors. You heard him say he was not in the inspector's room. The inspector tells you he was in that room and he followed him out. He told you yesterday he mentioned the-chopper to Inspector Duncan. I asked the inspector both at the police court and yesterday was that chopper mentioned. You heard his answer: No; neither was it for eight days afterwards. He spoke to Hayes, as he admitted, at 1.40. It takes a quarter of an hour to get from Hatfield Street to Shepherdess Walk Police Station. That would leave three or four minutes for this drama to be played. Yon don't think for one moment these people I have never seen before would come and jeopardise their positions and face possibly a term of penal servitude to tell lies. If there is any point I have overlooked I trust you will point it out to the jury. Verdict, Not guilty. Prisoners were further indicted for unlawfully assaulting Walter Bymay and occasioning him actual bodily harm; assaulting him, he being a police constable, while in the execution of his duty; common assault. Hayes pleaded guilty of common assault. Police-constable WALTER BYMAY, Police-constable FRANCIS COOK, DR. BULL, and Inspector DUNCAN repeated their evidence. Verdict (Gallafent), Guilty on the 2nd and 3rd counts. Several convictions for assault, etc., were proved against Gallafent. Sentence: Gallafent, Six months' hard labour; Hayes was released on his own recognizances in  10 to come up for judgment if called upon. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (Friday, March 22.) ISEMAN, Phillip (27, shoemaker), stealing one pair of earrings and other articles, the goods of Hilda Iseman. Mr. W. T. Spratling prosecuted; Mr. Cecil Hayes defended. HILDA ISEMAN. I married prisoner on October 18, 1910, at Hackney Registry Office; we then kept a boot shop at 149, Church Street, Stoke Newington. On January 8 last I had a pair of diamond earrings, a marquise diamond ring, a half-hoop diamond ring, a long gold chain with ruby pendant, a diamond and ruby gold bangle, and  45 in gold locked up in a cashbox, of which I kept the key. That day prisoner persuaded me to take out  55 in notes from my banking account; I put that also in the cashbox. That evening my husband persuaded me to go to a picture palace. When I came back he said he had a headache and told me to go to bed at once. Next morning he asked me to make him some sandwiches as he was going to warehouses to choose goods. He told me to tell the customers that they would have their boot repairs by 10 o'clock that night. I fully expected him back that night. He did not return, and I found all the keys were gone. I then borrowed a lot of keys from the lady next door and succeeded in opening my cashbox with one of them. It contained nothing but two pieces of iron (produced). I then went to live with my mother at 25, Leyton Road, Stratford, where I am living now. I took out a warrant a few days after he left. I did not see him again or. hear from him until he called at my mother's house on January 26. I sent for the police and he was arrested. Cross-examined. Prisoner was a bootmaker. At my wedding my brother made me a present of  175, which I put into the bank in the joint names of myself and prisoner. The  55 notes was part of that. Cheques had to be signed by us both. Prisoner persuaded me and I consented to take  55 to be spent on improving the boot repairing business Prisoner made me a present of an engagement ring, which I partly paid for, and a bracelet. I never consented to the jewellery being sold to improve the business. After I was married my brother gave me a cheque for  20, with which I bought the rest of the jewellery from a Mrs. Weidenbaum, Black Lion Yard, Stepney. I took  55 out of the bank to save the trouble of going a lot of times; I intended to hand it over to prisoner a little at a time. I did not notice prisoner packing his things before he went. Prisoner never talked to me about going to America and starting business there; I should not like to go to America. When prisoner came to my mother's house on January 26 he kissed me and said, "You need not think, because I took your money and your jewellery and deserted you, that I married you for that purpose. I had to go to America because some time ago I bought some stolen jewellery and I went there to sell it; I made a lot of money. I have sold your earrings and your marquise ring, and I will buy you another pair of earrings and another marquise ring; I will take your bracelet and other jewellery out of pawn. I will pay your brother back for the ring I took from him. If the landlord will not let me have the shop back I will take another shop, but I will not work any more, I have found a better way to make money." I said, "Where is the money?" He showed me some American paper-money and asked me to lend him  20. Re-examined. I paid for the business. He had no money at all when I married him. Detective-sergeant THOMAS EVANS. On February 26 I saw prisoner at the West Ham Police Station. I said, "I am a police officer; I believe your name is Phillip Iseman?" He said, "Yes." I said, "I hold a warrant for your arrest." I read the warrant. He said, "I bought the earrings and sold them again as I wanted the money. It was only  50. I sent her to the bank to get it. I can get the manager to prove it was a joint account. I went to America and I came back and went straight to my wife, and my mother-in-law asked me to go upstairs, and next the police came. I went away just for a little time to get rid of my mother-in-law; if she had not interfered I should not have gone. I bought some jewellery before we were married and sold it again as she was not satisfied with it." I conveyed him to the Stoke Newington Police Station. When charged, he said, "I did not steal it. She gave me the money and I can prove it. It is not  95, it was only  50, and she gave it to me." I searched 'him and found three notes for 20 dollars, one for 5 dollars and 2s. 3d. English money. Cross-examined. Prisoner is known as a very respectable and very hard-working man. I know nothing against him. MRS. SARAH WEIDENBAUM, Black Lion Yard, Stepney, jeweller. I have known prisoner and his wife for the last few years. They came together and bought an engagement ring, diamond cluster earrings, and a wedding-ring. Prisoner and his wife afterwards told me they did not like clusters and that I was to make them some other earrings. A few days afterwards prisoner brought back the earrings I had sold them and asked me to give him the money back and his wife would pay for the earrings they had ordered. I gave him the money back and took the receipt from him. FLORENCE WESTON, 151, Church Street, Stoke Newington, wife of Charles Weston. I lived next door to prisoner and his wife. At about 5.30 p.m. on January 8 prisoner asked my daughter to go with his wife to see the pictures. About 10 a.m. the next day prisoner's wife made a communication to me and borrowed some of my keys. I went into her house and we succeeded in opening her cashbox. There were only two pieces of iron in it. LEWIS FISHER, 115, High Street, Kingsland, furniture dealer. Prisoner's wife is my sister. At her marriage I gave her a cheque for  175 as a present. At that time she had  45 of her own. I afterwards made her presents of furniture and money to buy jewellery. Prisoner's was not worth  10 when he was married. Cross-examined. I did not give  175 to them mutually for the business. Mr. Hayes submitted that under Section 12 of the Married Women's Property Act, 1882 (45 and 46 Viet., c 75) a wife can bring criminal proceedings against the husband for the protection and security of her separate property, but "separate property" had a special meaning in law, and referred to marriage settlements. The Common Serjeant. I do not know that. Mr. Hayes further submitted that a husband could not be convicted of stealing his wife's property unless he had left her or was about to desert her altogether; in this case the prisoner had only left his wife for a short time. The Common Serjeant. It is a case for the jury. (Defence.) PHILIP ISEMAN (prisoner, on. oath). I am a Jew and a bootmaker and live at 18, Montford Street, Whitechapel. I have been seven years in: his country and there has never been anything against my character. Before I married I bought my wife a diamond ring from Mrs. Weidenbaum for  10 15s., and a long gold chain. After the marriage I. bought her a diamond and ruby bracelet, brooches and bracelets for a few pounds in Whitechapel. When I married her she promised to give me the  175 her brother gave her. About three months before I left my wife we talked of going to America. I said I would go first and then she would follow. She said, "We are young people and we must try our luck." I did not talk of going to America any more after that. In January I found the shop did not pay, and I determined to go to America. I told my wife to get  55 out of the bank, and she did so. Next morning I took all the jewellery from the cashbox; there was no money. I sold some of the jewellery in England and some I sold in America. I went to America to open a business there and because my mother-in-law used to worry me. I had no intention of deserting my wife. I went to Chicago and opened a shop. I wrote her a letter nine days afterwards. I found the business was no good and I came back to my wife. I did not take the jewellery with the intention of depriving my wife of it. Cross-examined. I had  50 in Moorfields Savings Bank and a shop when I was married. At the police court, in my evidence, I said, "I did not tell my wife I was going as I knew she would not have liked it. I did not take a return ticket to America. (To the Court. I always kept those pieces of iron in the cashbox for the last six years as a remembrance; I had once used them as tools.) My brother-inlaw lent me the  20 to buy jewellery for my wife; I gave it back to him seven days afterwards. I and my wife went to Mrs. Weidenbaum and asked her to change some earrings we had previously bought. A few days afterwards, on the day I went away, I went to Mrs. Weidenbaum and got the money back. I asked my wife to draw out  55; I did not tell her what for. She had four free tickets to see the pictures and wished to go. I went to the next door neighbour and asked her daughter to go with my wife. Next day I asked her to make some sandwiches for me. I did not tell her I was going to warehouses for goods. I told her I wanted the sandwiches because I was going away. Re-examined. I kept the key of the cashbox. Verdict, Not guilty. ESPINASSE, Bernard (43, journalist), ULLMAN, Edith May, and ULLMAN, Sam (47, jeweller), all conspiring and agreeing together and with other persons unknown to defraud C. Arthur Pearson Limited,, and such of His Majesty's liege subjects as should become genuine competitors in certain competitions called "Sparklets "; all obtaining by false pretences from C. Arthur Pearson, Limited, certain valuable securities, to wit, bankers' cheques for  25,  15 10s.,  19,  20 15s.,  18 15s.,  24,  26,  20,  31,  26 16s.,  45 13s., and  14 3s., in each case with intent to defraud; all attempting to obtain by false pretences from C. Arthur Pearson, Limited, a certain valuable security, to wit, a banker's cheque for  31 14s., with intent to defraud; all forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, certain endorsements upon certain banker's cheques, to wit, upon cheques for  1,  1 1s., and  24, in each case with intent to defraud, and feloniously demanding and obtaining valuable securities and money under certain forged instruments, to wit, under the said cheques, knowing the same to be forged. Mr. Muir and Baron Albert Profumo prosecuted; Mr. Cecil Haws defended. Mr. Muir opened the case. (Saturday, March 23.) JOHN MARSHALL BATHGATE, assistant managing director to C. Arthur Pearson, Limited, proprietors of "Pearson's Weekly. From August, 1911, until January, 1912, "Pearson's Weekly" advertised competitions called "Sparklets," in which readers were invited to compete. They were conducted by the Editor, Mr. Lambourne, Mr. Paterson, and the prisoner Espinasse. who was a member of the staff. My attention was called to a correspondence between Lionel L. Hall and our company, and caused inquiries to be made. We received one letter dated December 11, 1911, from 168, Norwood Road, West Norwood, addressed to "the cashier, 'Pearson's Weekly,' Henrietta Street. Dear, sir, I am the winner of the first prize in your 'Sparklets' competition, No. 16; the prize,  31 14s., as enclosed in your paper of December 14, 1 have not yet received for the following reasons. I have been out of work for a long time and being very hard up have been staying with different friends, and therefore have had no very fixed abode. In the circumstances my friend at 43, Romany Road, West Norwood, agreed to take in any letters that might come for me while I was away looking for work he sold his business and the new tenants returned my letters to the Post Office; so if you have sent a letter I suppose it has been returned to you through the dead letter office. Will you please send the money to me at the above address, 168, Norwood Road, West Norwood, where my friend now is and where it will be quite safe. I hope you will do this it is no fault of mine that at has gone astray, and I am very urgently in need of the money just now. Thanking you in anticipation. I am, yours faithfully, Lionel Hall. P.S. My line, 'Rhyme critically scan,' was written on the top line of the coupon, and I printed it in two colours." We received another letter, signed "L. L. Hall," from 237, Clarence Road, Camden Town," January 12, 1912, to the cashier. Dear Sir, I am writing to thank you for your letter and for the trouble you have taken to place the cheque which I won in your 'Sparklets' Competition. I have myself made every possible inquiry but there is no trace of it, and the only explanation is that it must have been mislaid by the Post Office or detained by someone who has no right to it. It seems to me to be hard that I should lose this money which I have rightfully won and greatly need, and I should be thankful if you would suggest any means by which I might recover it." That enclosed a registered envelope for a reply. About January 8 I gave instructions for a letter to be written to L. L. Hall inviting him to call upon us; he never did so. Throughout that competition I compared the signatures on winning coupons sent in, with the endorsements on cheques given as prizes; I find in a great many cases they do not agree. As a result of other inquiries on January 22 a warrant was issued for the arrest of Espinasse and Edith Ullman, and on January 23 they were brought up to Bow Street and remanded for a week. A warrant was then issued for the arrest of Sam Ullman, and he was brought up at Bow Street on January 29. They were subsequently all three committed for trial on charges of conspiracy, obtaining cheques by false pretences, and forgery. At the police court Mrs. Davis gave evidence and produced a list of results of "Sparklets" competitions with the names of the prize winners, in which she underlined those she knew. She underlined names in every competition, except Nos. 1 and 2, which were judged when Espinasse was away and was not judging the prizes, No. 12 when Espinasse was away ill, Nos. 19 and 20 when Espinasse was judging the competitions, but while the Lionel L. Hall correspondence was going on, and 23 and 24 when this prosecution had been started and Espinasse was not judging. I have compared handwriting on winning coupon in Competition 4 with the endorsement on cheque given as first prize, which was returned by our bankers, and I find they do not agree, sent in by "Frank Sutton, 141, Oldham Road, City, Manchester," the answer sent in by Mrs. Pestry, 74, Betlow Road, Shepherd's Bush, of December 12, does not agree with the endorsement on the prize cheque. I have seen a specimen of Sam Ullman's writing, and I consider the writing on the coupon to be his. Answer sent in by "D. Lester, jun., 132, Rylance street, Ardwick, Manchester," is typewritten on the coupon, and signed on the cheque in writing. Endorsement on a cheque won by Miss Lucas, signed "Annie Lucas," is like Mrs. (Ullman's handwriting, Endorsement on prize cheque sent to Miss Effie Boyle, 2, Market Parade, Southall, does not agree with the writing on the coupon. Endorsement on cheque sent to Miss Osborne, Tollington Park, Holloway, does not agree with writing on coupon. Endorsement on cheque to Mrs. N. Franklin, Park Farm, Northwood, is similar to writing on coupon. Answer and endorsement do not agree in the case of J. Allen, 6, Albert Hill, Bishop Auckland. In the case of A. Ingleby, 15, Blackstock Road, Finsbury Park, N., the writing does agree, and in, by opinion, is that of Espinasse. They do not agree in the case of Miss Lucas, 132, Rylance Street, Ardwick, Manchester; in my opinion the writing on the coupon is Mrs. Ullman's, the person endorsing the cheque has began to write "Edith" and then has written "Esther." They do not agree in the case of Mrs. A. Mundy. In the case of "B. Lockman, 311, Camberwell Road, "the address is a printed cutting and is stuck on in leather; the name is printed in ink. In Competition 14, "M. A. Hughes, 60a, Queen's Road, Brighton, "the endorsement does not agree with the writing on the coupon. They do not agree in the case of Lionel L. Hall, Competition 16, in which a prize cheque of 31 14s., dated December 11, was sent, but was never presented for payment at our bankers, the writing on endorsement and coupons do not agree in "F. C. Puttock, 112, Heath Road, Twickenham" (Competition 17); "J. Allen, 6, Albert Hill, Bishops Auckland" (Competition 18); and John Mumford, 22, Churton Street, Victoria" (Competition 21); In the case of Mrs. Franklyn, Park Farm, North-wood, Middlesex, first prize, cheque dated January 8, 14 3s. was sent on January 8, 1912, but has never been presented. (Monday, March 25.) JOHN MARSHALL BATHGATE, recalled. Further examined. I have examined six bottles, Nos. 1 to 6, of different coloured inks found in Espinasse's bedroom at Beaconswood Farm, Ickenham, and compared the ink on a number of coupons, paying special attention to those from addresses identified by Mrs. Davis. In Competition No. 4, coupons from P. Benson, Harrow Road, and Charles Forrest, of Brentford, are in dark brown ink, exactly corresponding with bottles numbered 4 and 5; coupon from Minnie Newton, Kingston-on-Thames, is written with green ink like No. 3; coupon from Heywood, of Acton, is written with violet ink like bottle No. 2; coupons from Richmore, of Mitcham, and Scott, of Chiswick, are written with dark brown ink like bottles 4 and 5; coupon from Bean, of Kingston, is written with No. 6 (red) ink. In Competition 5, coupon from Miss Topely, Teddington, is written in four inks from bottle No. 1, which is a chemical preparation or hair dye, No. 4, dark brown, and No. 6, red, and an ordinary black ink; the coupon from Horace Weather by is written with No. 1. (To the jury. Competition No. 4 was published in the paper dated August 31, which would be issued a week before. The winners of that competition would be announced two or three weeks afterwards. The closing date for sending in coupons would be August 31.) I have found 80 coupons apparently written with the six different inks produced. There are 20 coupons typewritten. I have received Exhibits 30 and 31 a large typewriter taken from Espinasse's bedroom and a smaller one from Mrs. Ullman's room. The 20 typed coupons are, in my opinion, produced from one or other of those machines. In Competition 8, the coupon from Ingleby is in Espinasse's writing disguised. (A number of coupons and endorsements of cheques were stated to be in the handwriting of one or other of the three prisoners.) Letter produced of June 5, 1911, from 20, Uxbridge Road "My dear May, I forgot to tell you might ask R. to send me just one letter in each place to see same. They go Acton and Ealing this week in the names of Vale and Pestry. I forgot to ask you what he told me to ask you about Bob, but I should think that would be all right for you. Good luck. God bless you both. Sam," is in Sam Ullman's handwriting. W. Vale, of Acton, and Mrs. Pestry were winners in that week's competition. The undated letter from Beaconswood Farm, "Dear Mr. Pomeroy, will. you please cash the enclosed cheque for me. E. M. Ullman," is in Mrs. Ullman's writing. The letter of May 3, 1910, from 20, Uxbridge Road, is in. S. Ullman's writing. According to the printed rules, 10 per cent, of the money received was to be deducted by "Pearson's Weekly "for expenses and the remainder divided as prizes. In fact, throughout the competitions  1,290 has been received and only  42 deducted for expenses less than five per cent. In the winning coupons traced to the prisoners in the majority of cases the endorsement on the cheque does not tally with the writing on the coupon. In those which I consider genuine it does. Cross-examined. I represent "Pearson's Weekly" in this prosecution. Espinasse came into our employment five years ago. I did not warn him or ask him to give back the prize money before I applied for the warrant against him. As far as I know he never signed any agreement that he and his friends should not compete in these competitions. The staff were told verbally that they and their friends must not compete. I have examined the coupons which won prizes; I have not examined those which did not win a prize; we have not got them. There was no rule forbidding competitors to compete under an assumed name; it simply said, "Write your name and address." If we had found a competitor was giving a false name and address we should have disqualified him. There was no rule which forbade two or more persons putting their heads together and composing one answer; they would have to send it in one name. Since this prosecution we have added this rule to our competitions, "Each entry must bear the usual signature in, ink of the competitor. Names and addresses may not be typewritten or printed. Each competitor must give his real name and address. Unless this rule is complied with the competitor forfeits his or her right to a prize." If the conditions were complied with, the wittiest, most clever, and most brilliant line would win the prize. I cannot say, and I do not think anybody could say, whether the answers which the prisoners are alleged to have sent in were the best or were not the best. In none of the competitions can I produce any better answers. I have no account of any answers sent in by the prisoners which did not win prizes. Between 1, 700 and 2, 000 answers were sent in every week. Espinasse was paid by my firm  2 a week for five days' work; he also contributed articles to "Pearson's Weekly" and other papers. There was no rule to prevent a competitor getting his friend to fill up the answer; I should have withheld the prize if I had known two different people would fill in the answer and endorse the cheque. When the answer sent in was typewritten we gave a prize although the cheque would have to be written and would be in writing. I know a good deal about handwriting, although I do not hold myself out as an expert. Re-examined. In Competition No. 16 prisoners got 16 prizes, including the first, out of 26 prizes given. Thirteen first prizes were awarded to the prisoners; in two of those the cheques were never presented to our bankers for payment. I never came across any coupons in the name of Espinasse or Ullman. ANDREW PATERSON, journalist, on the staff of "Pearson's Weekly." 1 controlled the department which dealt with "Sparklets" Competitions. I came into the employment of the firm in 1907; Espinasse came in November, 1908. Last summer he was residing at Beaconswood Farm, Ickenham. On one occasion I went there and Espinasse introduced Mrs. Ullman to me as his sister. To answer the "Sparklets Competitions the public had to cut out and fill up a coupon from the current copy of "Pearson's Weekly" and send it, together with a 6d. postal order, to us. When the post arrived the coupons were sorted out and sent up to my department. Espinasse then went through them alone and selected the 400 or 500 which he considered best. Espinasse and I then went through those together and selected about 30, which were sent up to the editor for his final judgment. He awarded the first prize. Each of the 30 got some prize. The first prize consisted of half the competition receipts. When Espinasse first came into the employment of Pearsons I told him that members of the staff and their friends were not allowed to compete. He was away for eight or nine weeks in 1909 and 1910; I repeated that rule to him each time he returned. While Competitions 1 and 2 were going on Espinasse was away ill and had nothing to do with the judging. He and I judged Competitions 3 to 7 inclusive. He judged No. 8 by himself, as I was away; 9, 10, and 11, we judged together. Espinasse was away ill while No. 12 was going on; 13 to 22, inclusive, we did together. He had nothing to do with 23 and 24. We then discontinued our "Sparklets" Competitions. I did not suspect him at all; I had great faith in him. Cross-examined. Espinasse could not have sent a coupon to the editor without my consenting. Sometimes when he thought a coupon better than I thought it I gave way and let it go up. I only remember one occasion when the editor asked to see the rejected coupons. I consider that these competitions need intelligence on the part of the competitor. I cannot produce any coupons which were better than those of the prisoners which won the prizes. Espinasse was under me. I consider the coupons sent in by the prisoners were witty, brilliant, and sparkling. Re-examined. As Espinasse had gone through the whole competetion, I relied more upon his opinion than upon my own. (To the Judge.) In each competition a word was given and the competitor had to form a sentence each word of which had to contain one letter of the original word; the sentence should contain some reference to the original word, and should be a pun, a proverb, or a witticism. In one case the word "tea "was given, and the answer was "Stage decanters, contain." It was not a mere gamble. FRANCIS JOHN LAMBOURNE, editor of "Pearson's Weekly." I chose the first prize winner in Sparklets Competitions out of 30 or more coupons that were sent up to me. I relied upon Paterson and Espinasse doing the previous judging fairly and honestly. Each coupon other than the best, of those sent up to me, got a small prize. I was not aware that any of the coupons came from members of the staff or their friends; I thought they all came from genuine members of the public. If I had known that a coupon had been sent in by a member of the staff or a relation of any member of the staff I should not have given that coupon a prize. Cross-examined. Members of the staff signed no agreement that neither they nor their relations would compete; there was no printed notice anywhere in the office to that effect. On the coupon it says "Sign, "and tells the competitor to sign his own name. I take that to imply that fictitious names and addresses were not allowed. We are now taking special precautions, and tell the competitors that fictitious names and addressee are not allowed. I put that in under the instructtions of my employers, the directors; I personally did not think it necessary. I could not say whether I could bring the unsuccessful coupons. CHARLES PAINTER, 22, Churton Street, Pimlico, newsagent. Four or five years ago Espinasse came to me, gave the name of J. Mumford, and asked me if I would take in letters for him. I agreed, and letters came from time to time in that name. At intervals of about three months letters would come in that name bearing the Pearson stamp on the flap of the envelope. More than once he told me he was expecting a rather important letter. On those occasions a letter with Pearson's stamp would come for him. On one occasion a lady, whom I cannot identify, called for the letters. The last time I saw him was in December, 1911, when he received about five letters. One of them bore Pearson's stamp. When Espinasse got outside the shop he threw all the letters down except one. A man passing by picked up the other letters and brought them in to me. They were opened and contained circulars. Some of the letters he took were addressed to "Mrs. Mumford." At Bow Street Police Court I picked out Espinasse out from a dozen other men as being the man who gave the name of Mumford. (Tuesday, March 26.) GEORGE CROOKALL, butcher, Ruislip. I have known Espinasse and Mrs. Ullman for about three years. They lived at Beaconswood Farm and were customers of mine. I have cashed about a dozen cheques for Mrs. Ullman altogether. On December 23, 1911, I cashed two cheques (produced) for a guinea each, payable to Mumford on the account of "Pearson's Weekly." I paid all those cheques into my account at Barclay's Bank, Northwood. Nobody else ever gave me cheques drawn by "Pearson's Weekly." Cross-examined. It is quite easy to see from the cheque that it was a "Pearson's Weekly" competition prize. There was no disguise about it. I have always had satisfactory dealings with them. EBENEZER BRADLEY HUNT, cashier, Barclay's Bank, Northwood. I produce certified extract of the account of George Crookall. On December 27, 1911, two cheques on Pearson's for one guinea each were paid into his account. There are also cheques payable to J. Mum-ford and Mrs. Lucy. GEORGE ALBERT PUSY, manager to Elizabeth Mary Bradford, corn merchant, 128, High Street, Uxbridge. I supplied goods to Beacons-wood Farm, Ickenham, where Espinasse and Mrs. Ullman were living. I at first looked to Mrs. Ullman for payment, but from Christmas, 1910, I looked to Espinasse. I had cashed and received for goods delivered cheques drawn by Pearson's for Mrs. Ullman, which I paid into our account at Barclay's Bank, Uxbridge. I never to my knowledge received Pearson's cheques from anybody else. Mrs. Ullman told me Espinasse was her brother. Since the account was changed into the name of Espinasse I have received these Pearson's cheques. Cross-examined. I saw from the cheques that they were received as prizes from "Pearson's Weekly." ALICE ROSE, cashier to Mrs. Bradford, corn merchant, Uxbridge. Mrs. Ullman paid for goods by Pearson's cheques, which we paid into Barclay's Bank. These were the only Pearson's cheques we received. Evidence, not cross-examined to by the defence, was called tracing to the' prisoners through Mrs. Bradford's account three cheques of  1 each in October, 1911, payable to Mrs. Evans, Miss J. Fowler, and P. Blunt; October 23 cheque payable to R. Cox. In the account of John Vasey, builder, Uxbridge, two  5 notes (Exhibits 36 and 37) were traced to Espinasse and Mrs. Ullman in November and December. In the account of Halkeston Paul Herron, wine merchant of Uxbridge,  5 note (Exhibit 38), was traced to Mrs. Ullman and Espinasse on December 18. HARRY BARBER, salesman to Kastner and Co., 34, Margaret Street, W., pianoforte manufacturers. Espinasss bought a piano player from us on September 18 and paid for it with  5 note (No. 67, 321) and cheque for  7 drawn by H. Pomeroy in favour of "E. M. Ullman." I hesitated about accepting the cheque; Espinasse said. "You do not mind accepting my sister's cheque," the cheque was paid into our account at Parr's Bank. A  5 note 67, 321, a  5 note 08, 094, a  5 note 78, 680 on December 18, and a  5 note 75, 512, were traced to Espinasse. MARY NICHOLLS, wife of Arthur Nicholls, Park Farm, Northwood. In 1908 Mrs. Ullman asked me to take in letters for her in the name of Mrs. Franklin. From time to time since then letters have come in that name. The last one came in January; it had Pearson's stamp on the flap. In 1908 we were in hospital together; Ullman called to see her. After we came out of the hospital she stayed at my house as a paying guest in May or June for a week or so. Cross-examined. When we were in hospital together I knew she was competing in newspaper competitions. Re-examined. When we were in hospital, I said to her, "What are you doing?. She said, "I am trying to do competitions." I do not know what name she was competing in. JOHN HENRY POMEROY, 62, Marchmont Street, Russell Square, draper. I have changed from 20 to 30 Pearson's cheques for Mrs. Ullman; I paid them into my account at the London and Southwestern Bank, Southampton Row. I think I have changed one or two Pearson's cheques for other people. On October 17, 1911, she asked me to change a cheque, and as I had not change I gave her my cheque for  7. Cross-examined. I saw that these were prize competition cheques; I think Mrs. Ullman told me so. Re-examined. I do not remember any one of these cheques being drawn in her favour; very few if any were. An extract from the bank account of J. H. Pomeroy was proved, showing that, on October 18, Pearson's cheques for  18 15s., four cheques for  1 each, and six cheques for  1 1s. were paid into that Account. On December 12, two Pearson's cheques for  1 each and seven cheques for  1. GEORGE CARTER SNOW, 3 Vine Street, Uxbridge, grocer. I have supplied goods to Beaconswood Farm, where I saw Mrs. Ullman. In payment of my account I have received about a dozen Pearson's prize cheques of  1 or  1 1s. from Mrs. Ullman drawn in other names. I paid them all into my account at the London County and Westminster Bank. I have never received any Pearson's cheques from anybody else. An extract from George Carter Snow's bank account was proved, showing that Pearson's cheques were paid in: for  1, payable to Mrs. Thompson, paid in October 14, dated September 5, Competition No. 3; for  1, payable to M. Newton, paid in September 22, Competition 4; for  1, payable to W. Vale, paid in November 3, Competition 10. NORMAN EDWARD DAVIS, manager to Max Ullman, 20, Uxbridge Road, fishmonger. I have known Sam Ullman for 20 years; he worked for his brother, who is my employer. I was above him. About 18 months or a year ago he asked me to get him addresses where letters could be received in reference to competitions; I am not sure whether he said Pearson's competitions or not. He said he had three well-educated university friends who were very clever at doing competitions, I got him between 20 to 25 addresses where letters could be received, mostly newspaper shops and tobacconists. I never gave my name or Ullman's name at these addresses; I gave any name that came into my head. Once I used my own address, and my name reversed," Davis Norman." I gave Ullman a list of the names and addresses I had collected. Sam Ullman then wrote a test letter to the false name ami address which I posted and afterwards collected and brought back to him. He would open them in my presence; they contained blank pieces of paper. When I collected the test letter, acting under Sam Ullman's instructions, I told the people in the shop that I expected an important letter which they were to take care of. I then looked in "Pearson's Weekly" for the false name and address among the prize winners, and if I found it I collected the letter containing the prize and gave it to Sam Ullman. I collected between 15 to 20 such letters and gave them to Sam Ullman. They always had the Pearson's stamp on me flap. Sam Ullman never opened them in my presence. He did not tell me what was in them, but I knew what was in them. I copied the letter purporting to come from Lionel L. Hall from a draft given me by Sam Ullman. It was quite untrue. My wife got the addresses 43, Romany Road, West Norwood, and 168, Norwood Road, Norwood, which are mentioned in the letter. I had further correspondence with Pearson's; they wrote inviting me to call. I do not know what has happened to that letter; my little boy may have torn it up. I received it at 237, Clarence Road, Camden Town, my mother's address, where I had told them to send the money. I showed that letter to Sam Ullman; he said lie would see about it and let me know; later on he said, "You had better not go and see them about it." He did not give me any reason. I wrote three letters to Pearson's altogether, from dr'afcs supplied to me by Sam Ullman, which I returned to him he asked me for them. At first I got 1s. for each letter I collected; afterwards half a crown. I was only told to look in "Pearson's Weekly" for the list of prize winners, and I never die look in any other paper. Cross-examined. The letters I collected which had not the Pearson's stamp might have come from other competitions. ANNIE ELLEN DAVIS, wife of the last witness. About 12 months ago my husband introduced me to Sam Ullman, who asked me to get him addresses for competitions in "Pearson's." I collected addresses in London and the country. The names were always other than Davis or Ullman. I collected letters in the London district and gave them to Sam Ullman. He never opened them in my presence. I was paid half a crown for each letter and travelling expenses. The country letters were posted to me by the people at the addresses where they were received; some had Pearson's stamp on the back. I then sent them on to Mr. Ullman. With regard to collecting London letters, I was told by Sam Ullman to look in the prize list in "Pearson's Weekly," where I would see that a prize was going to a particular address which we had found for Sam Ullman; I then went to that address and collected the letter. Inspector Gough and I went through lists of prize winners from "Pearson's Weekly "(produced) and he, under my direction, underlined all the names and addresses which we had collected for Sam Ullman. We underlined names and addresses in every competition except 1, 2, 12, 19, and 20, in which competitions I did not know any of the names and addresses. Cross-examined. When we underlined the names and addresses only Inspector Gough, Police-constable Gillard, and myself were present. I cannot remember whether Gough gave me assistance in remembering which names and addresses to underline or whether I found difficulty in remembering them. MARY CAROLINE DAVIS, 23Y, Clarence Road, Camden Town, mother of, Norman. Davis. I received letters for my son at my house in the name of Lionel Hall, which he called for and received. He had a house of his own at the time. SIDNEY FRANCIS BISSENT, newsagent. I formerly had a shop at 43, Romany Road, Norwood; in October, 1911, I moved to 168, Norwood Road, West Norwood. Soon afterwards Norman Davis called, gave the name of Lionel Hall, and received letters in that name. ALFRED BRIDGE, newsagent. On November 6 I moved into 43, Romany Road, West Norwood. Soon afterwards a woman called for letters addressed to Hall. After that Norman Davis called; I refused to take letters in for him in the name of Hall, but agreed to re-address them to 168, Norwood Road, which I did. RICHARD GEORGE, 173, Holloway Road, Kensington, butcher. Sam Ullman, who I know as working at the shop of Max Ullman, was a customer of mine. He always paid for his goods in cash. I have changed 20 or 30 Pearson's cheques for him, all of which I paid into my account at the Holland Park Avenue West Branch of the London and South-Western Bank. I never received any Pearson's cheques from anybody else. I changed some cheques for  34, some for  1 1s., and some for more than that; one was for  19. Ullman never told me how he came to have those cheques; I never directly asked him. I have occasionally joked with him about having the cheques; once I said, "What, another?" He said, "Yes, but it is not me; I am not clever; it is my wife who is clever." I used to wait until the cheques had been cleared before I paid him the money. On one or two occasions Sam Ullman has brought me more than one cheque at a time. He brought me the last cheque about a fortnight before I heard of this prosecution. Cross-examined. I knew they were going in for these competitions; after he had made the remark about his wife being clever they made no secret about it. I changed the cheques, although they were in names different to Ullman. I did it in the ordinary course of business. Re-examined. I will not go so far as to say that I did not suspect anything because the cheques were in different names; a man at common sense would know that there was something not quite right. Extracts from the books of the London and South-Western Bank of the account of the last witness, being proved, showed the following Pearson's cheques credited: Five cheques for  1 on September 15, two cheques for  1 on September 21, one cheque for  19 on September 30, cheque for 10s. on October 7, cheques for  1 and  1 1s. on October 11, two for  1 1s. on October 16,  1 on October 21,  1 1s. on October 23, two for  1 on November 30, three for  1 1s. and one for  1 on December 13,  1 1s. on January 4, two for  1 on January 22. All these cheques were produced and were in names other than Espinasse and Ullman. (Wednesday, March 27.) ARTHUR JAMES GILBERT, 5, Stainforth Road, Walthamstow. I know Max Ullman, fishmonger, of 85, Lower Thames Street, and have known his brother, Sam Ullman, for about four years as working for Max Ullman. For the last fifteen months Sam Ullman has brought me Pearson's cheques, which I have cashed for him in the Fish Market with Forge, Beechcroft, and another fishmonger. On the first occasion I asked, "Is this cheque all right?" He said, "Do you think I should bring anything to you if it was not right?" On inquiry I was told they were as good as the Bank of England. They have varied in amount from  1,  1 1s., to  15, and upwards; one in January, 1912, was  45. He brought them about once a week and paid me 1s. or 2s. for cashing them. He has shown me a number of 6d. postal orders, and said, "These are what I am sending in for the competition." He asked me if he could have letters sent to my address; I agreed, and three letterscame in the name of "Hilbert," which I handed to him. GEORGE BEECROFT, member of Beecroft and Sons, 14, Billingsgate Market, wholesale fishmongers. Gilbert has brought me a number of Pearson's cheques payable to different names of amounts between  10 and  40, and one of  45, which I paid into my bank and gave open cheques for the amounts in the name of Sam Ullman; also a number of smaller Pearson's cheques for which I gave cash. I paid him in all  278 9s. 6d. for the cheques cashed between May 5 and December 27, 1911. They were all Pearson's cheques. FREDERICK WILLIAM FORGE, trading as Peter Forge, 23, Monument Street, fish salesman. I have cashed a number of Pearson's cheque for Gilbert, giving cash from the till and paying the cheques into the London City and Midland Bank, Eastcheap. PHILLIP WILLIAM KINDELL, joint manager, London City and Midland Bank, Eastcheap, produced account of Peter Forge and identified 18 Pearson's cheques of  1 and  1 1s. in various names paid into that account from September 20 to December 23, 1911; also account of W. Beecroft and Sons, and identified the following Pearson's cheques paid into that account: September 16,  25; 23rd,  15 10s.; October 7,  20 15s.; 11th, three cheques of  1 1s.; 23rd,  24; 28th,  26; November 7,  20; 14th,  1; 18th,  31; 24th, two of  1; 29th,  1; December 5, two of  1; 18th,  36 16s.; 23rd, two of  1; 27th,  45 13s. all in different names. LEONARD ALFRED LOCK, assistant cashier to C. Arthur Pearson, Limited. I made out cheques to prize winners in "Sparklets" Competitions from the names contained in the lists of winners published in "Pearson's Weekly." Detective-inspector WILLIAM GOUOH, E division. On January 22 I arrested Espinasse on a warrant at Pearson's offices in Henrietta street, Covent Garden. I read the warrant. He said, "I do not in the least know what it is; it may be so; I do not understand." I said, "shall I explain it?" He said, "Yes, please." I told him that in effect: he, being the adjudicator of solutions of competitions under the title of "Sparklets, "advertised in "Pearson's Weekly," had caused the cheques for prizes awarded to successful competitors to be addressed to fictitious names and addresses, such as newsvendors and tobacconists which were houses of call for letters: "It has been ascertained that the cheques contained in the letters for the prize winners were obtained by Mrs. Ullman, who obtained the money for them by passing the same through different persons' accounts. You have been living with this woman, who is married and has been living apart from her husband, and it is alleged you both had the proceeds of the cheques." He said, "Mrs. Ullman is a relative of mine. I have nothing to do with awarding prizes. I have nothing to do as to where the prizes go. I understand the charge now. Has Mrs. Ullman been changing these cheques? She is a distant relation of mine." I took him to Bow Street Police Station, where the charge was read over; he made no reply. He gave his address as Beaconswood Farm, Ickenham, Middlesex. On January 29 I arrested Sam Ullman on a warrant charging him with conspiring with Eepinasse and Mrs. Ullman. He said, "I neither admit nor deny anything about that or what is mentioned in the warrant. You had better see my solicitor." He said nothing when the charge was read over. Detective-sergeant JOSEPH GILLABD, E division. On January 22, at 8 p.m., I went with Detective-constable Warner to Beaconswood Farm, Ickenham, and saw Mrs. Ullman in the dining-room. I said, "We are detective police officers and hold a warrant for your arrest for conspireing with Bernard Espinasse, now in custody, "to cheat and defraud C. Arthur Pearson, Limited, of 13, Henrietta Street, W.C. "I read the warrant. She said, "I do not understand this. I have done a few coupons on my own, but I have had nothing to do with Pearson's coupons. I have used various names in competitions connected with 'Answers' and other papers, but have never competed in Pearson's competitions. Will you explain it further to me? I do not know what to do." I said, "It is alleged that you have received cheques from Pearson s, Limited, posted to fictitious persons at newspaper and tobacconists' shops which are houses of call for letters and have taken them to a medium who has cashed them and given you their proceeds." She said, "Have you any proofs?" I said, "You will hear everything later on." I conveyed her to Bow Street, where she was charged and made no reply. On the way she said, referring to Espinasse, "Mr. B. is a cousin of mine my husband only comes home for week-ends." Detective-constable FREDERICK WARNER, E division, corroborated. Mrs. Beesley showed me Mrs. Ullman's bedroom, where I found three letters and small typewriter (produced). In Espinasse's bedroom I found the large typewriter and six bottles of coloured inks. I saw a piano-player in the house. SUSANNAH BEESLEY. I have lived at Beaconswood Farmhouse for seven months. Espinasse and Mrs. Ullman lived there; Sam Ullman came down for week-ends. I have seen many coupons such as produced. THOMAS ZWINGER, inspector, Banknote Department, Bank of England, produced and identified nine  5 notes produced. Mr. Hayes submitted that no case had been made out on the charge of forgery as the effect of the instrument did not depend on the identity of the person personating. (Stephen's Digest p. 27; R. v. Dunn, 1 Leach, p. 57; R. v. Martin, 5 Q.B.D., p. 34.) The Common Sergeant said the thought the facts brought the offence within the general description of forgery; but it was not very material, because it was only another way of stating what would be a misdemeanour under another title. (Thursday, March 28.) Verdict (all), Guilty of conspiracy; Not guilty (on the direction of the Common Serjeant) of forgery. Sentences: Espinasse (who had been in custody two and a half months), Nine months' imprisonment; Edith Ullman, Two months' imprisonment; Sam Ullman, Four months' imprisonment all without hard labour the sentences to run concurrently, on each count. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL (Friday, March 22.) WRIGHT, Albert Edward (28, bricklayer), GOODMAN, James (26, dealer), and STEVENS, Joseph (22, greengrocer), robbing with violence Michael Burke, and stealing from him  1 10s., his moneys. Mr. Cohen prosecuted; Mr. Curtis Bennett and Mr. St. John Hutchinson defended Wright and Goodman; Mr. Purcell defended Stevens. MICHAEL BURKE, costermonger, of 9, Bottom Yard, North End Road, Fulham. On Sunday February 25 last I left home and went to Hatten to buy some roots arriving there about 3 p.m. On my way home I arrived at Harlington at about 6.15. I went into the "Coach and Horses," Bath Road, and then into the "Berkeley" Hotel, where I met prisoners who were strangers to me. I was with a man named Sims, who worked with me. He and I and two of the prisoners started playing darts for drinks and I lost. I had on me about 38s., half a sovereign of which was in gold and the rest in silver. I left about 8.10 with three other men who were in there when we got in, and we went to the" Jolly Waggoners," about a mile away. A second after prisoners came in. I called for six pints of ale. Sims had gone home by this; he left me at the "Berkeley." We stopped there about 30 minutes; there was no quarrelling to my knowledge. At about 8.45 we left; I believe that the man would not serve us any more. I was not sober; I was not drunk; I had had several drinks Six men, including prisoners, left with me and we went to the "Travellers' Friend," about three-quarter mile away. We stayed there till closing time, 10 p.m. There was no trouble between us up to then that I know of. On leaving, the three other men were in front of me some little distance; they were singing; I was behind by myself and the three prisoners were following me; I cannot say bow far they were behind. About two seconds after leaving my arms were suddenly pulled from behind me. I struggled and was thrown to the ground. I saw Wright and Goodman in front of me when my arms were pulled; I did not see the man behind me; when on the ground the three prisoners hit me in the face. When paying for the drinks I generally put my hand in my pocket and pulled out a handful of silver; I believe I did that at the "Jolly Waggoners "; I cannot say I did so at the "Travellers' Friend." My money was in my trousers pockets; I suppose when I left the "Travellers' Friend" I had about 33s., 10s., of which was in gold. When some people helped me to my feet I found that my pockets were turned out and my money was gone. I struggled and hit out when my pockets were being rifled; I may have kicked; the attack lasted two or three minutes. I do not know how long I was lying there before a person came to my assistance. I walked to the police station about two miles away, where I was seen by a doctor. I was quite sober then. It is my belief that the three prisoners are the men who set about me. Cross-examined by Mr. Purcell. The first public-house I called at on the day was at Hatton at about 3.30 p.m., where Sims and I had a couple of drinks; the last time I had had solid food was at 11 a.m. I do not remember quite how long we stayed there. The next drink I had was at the "Coach and Horses," where we stayed 10 minutes and had one drink. The next public-house was the "Berkeley," where I stood drinks two or three times because I lost at dart; I only had one drink there before then. There was a man there lifting two chairs a chair by the leg; I did say I would pay for smokes and drinks all round if he could lift two. He did so, and I paid for drinks and smokes all round. Then the darts began and I was paying for drinks from 6.30 to 8.30; we only played two or three games, and I may have paid for drinks three times; I will not swear it was not four times; there were about seven of us; there may have been 12, but I did pot stand for 12 people. I will swear I did not stand drinks five times. They may have stood drinks to me also. I cannot swear that I had the half-sovereign on me when I left the "Berkeley." I may have put it down there for a sixpence. I am not clear as to the number of drinks and who were in the party at the different times. I have an idea that I had 30s. odd in my pocket when I left the "Jolly Waggoners." I did not describe myself as "one of the Fulham boys." It is true I have lived there 20 years. I did not say I did not care much about the Hounslow people. I have never been picked up in the street incapable; I have been charged six times with being drunk. I do not remember Stevens drawing my attention to the fact that I was going out leaving change for half a sovereign on the counter. I am always jolly when I get drunk; I do not get quarrelsome. On leaving the "Travellers' Friend" I did not have a fight with one of these men. The road was very dark and I cannot say where the nearest house was. Further down the road it is true there is open country. When I first complained to the police I complained of being assaulted, and then afterwards complained that I had been robbed. I may have produced all my money at one of the public-houses, and Stevens may have taken some out of his pocket and said, "You are not the only man who has got money." Cross-examined by Mr. Hutchinson. I never got quarrelsome at all. Sims has worked for me four years; he may have a different opinion of me than I have. I do not remember having an argument with 'Wright about a cigar. We had one drink at the "Jolly Waggoners" and then we were refused more drinks. We all left there singing. I do not remember a lot of horse play at the "Traveller's Friend." It is not true that on leaving there I was so drunk that Wright had to help me along. I did not start quarrelling with him again. I might have struck him on the mouth. They all knocked me down. I believe it was Stevens who first caught me from behind. I am positive that Wright and Goodman then came in front of me. Wright did not hit me in self-defence, I did not see them run away; I was knocked silly. Somebody came up to help me and I told them that my money had been taken, but I cannot remember showing them my pockets turned inside out. Re-examined. After being knocked down I did not see any more of them till at the station the same night; I had given a description of them. We were drinking beer at 2d. a pint. WALTER SIMS, Costermonger. I work for Burke; I have known him four or five years. On February 25 I met him at 12.30 p.m. and I was with him when he went to the "Berkeley." The three prisoners were in there; did not know them before. We talked to them about some chairs. I went to the back of the house for a certain purpose and while there Goodman and Stevens came in. Goodman said to Stevens, "I will kick him in the private." I did not hear Stevens say anything. Wright came in with them. He said nothing. I reckoned Goodman referred to us. On returning to the public-house Wright said to the other two, "I am with you." I had returned by myself; I did not say anything to them in the urinal. We had had one game of darts before this happened. We did not play after we returned. I left Burke at about 7 and did not see him again that night. I do not know what money he had on him; he paid for one lot of drinks while I was there. To Mr. Curtis Bennett. Burke was not getting somewhat quarrelsome and trying to have rows with people before I left. I remember saying at the police court that he was getting quarrelsome and cantankerous; that is true. He drinks a good deal and my object in going out with him is to try and prevent him getting drunk. When he gets a little quarrelsome and cantankerous I like to get away from him; but that is not why I left him on this occasion. The first game of darts was after the remark in the urinal. To Mr. Purcell. I cannot say if Burke said he would play the best man in the house. He is not good at it in my opinion. I was sober. I was there when he said he would pay for drinks all round if a man could hold up two chairs in one hand. I did not see him change half a sovereign. I was not there when Stevens drew his attention to the fast that he had left his change. FREDERICK WILLIAM PAVITT, licensee, Berkeley Hotel, Cranford. I remember prisoners coming into my house on February 25, about 5.00 p.m.; I had never seen them before; they said they came from Hammersmith and I let them in. About 6.30 p.m. Burke came in with Sims. While he was in my house there was nothing wrong with him; he was only talking rather loudly. I cannot say whether he spoke to prisoners first, but I saw them talking and drinking together. Burke stood drinks in one or two cases and I think Stevens did afterwards. On one occasion Burke tendered half a sovereign and I placed the change on the counter. He turned away as if to leave, leaving the change, and I and Stevens called after him and he came back and took it. I also saw him produce a handful of silver; I should think about 10s. There was no quarrelling going on. They all left about 8 p.m. To Mr. Purcell. On one or two occasions Burke wanted to pay and Stevens wanted to pay as well; Stevens paid on one occasion. Stevens went after him when he left the change on the counter. I remember Stevens pulling out a handful of silver and saying, "You are not the only man with money. Let me pay." ANDREW HAYES, master, "Jolly Waggoners," Bath Road. The "Berkeley" is about half a mile from me. At about 9 p.m. Burke came in with the prisoners; I had seen none of them before. He called for drinks, producing, I should say, about 20s. in silver; he paid 1s. 4d. I will not say he was perfectly sober, but he was in a fit state to be served; all the lot of them were. There was no trouble of any kind and no signs of fighting between them. They all left at 9.10 p.m. They did not ask for any more drinks; I did not refuse to serve them. To Mr. Curtis Bennett. I was not in the bar when they first came in. My wife was there and she whistled to me, as she thought there was going to be trouble; crossing the road they were singing and dancing, and she thought it better that I should be there. I did not think they had quite reached the limit where they ought not to be served. WILLIAM HOLLAND, market gardener, Lavender Cottage, Bath Road. I am a sidesman at the local church. My house is about 200 yards from the "Travellers' Friend" and at about 10 p.m. on Sunday, February 25, there would be one lamppost alight between; it is about 50 yards from my house. At about 10.15 p.m. on that day I was indoors when I heard singing and then a man cried out, "Oh!. five or six times. I went out and saw just a little to the right of my house some five men surrounding another man on the ground, knocking him about; I found out afterwards that this was Burke. It was dark. There are two houses just near there. One of them said, "I have got it. I saw one put his hand into Burke's pocket, but I cannot say if he brought anything out. They lifted him up on his knees. I only saw one strike him. I have not been able to identify any of the persons. They tried to lift him up on the path, but they left him in the gutter. They then walked quickly away together towards Hounslow, in the direction of the station. I then went up to Burke, who was by then standing on his feet covered with mud; he was not holding on to anything. I advised him to go to the station and told him which way to go. He went. To Mr. Curtis Bennett. When I went out he was on the ground and they were striking him; I cannot say how many struck him. Then somebody put his hand in his pocket and said, "I've got it." Then I heard a jingling of money. Then one struck a blow and they walked away. To Mr. Purcell. There are two lamps near my house. My house is the only one along this part of the road. The nearest lamp where I saw the men was 50 yards away. I saw some other people, passersby, against the lamppost. I did say before the magistrates that I heard the jingling of money; I did not notice that the clerk had left it out. FREDERICK DURRANT, market labourer, Cranford. About 10 p.m. on February 25 I was just leaving Hounslow Park Station, which is a quarter of a mile from the "Travellers' Friend," when, passing by Mr. Holland's house, I saw four or five fellows scrambling in the road. I had passed them by for about 30 yards when I heard a man cry, "Oh! Oh" four or five times. I turned back and found Burke lying in the gutter with his mouth bleeding and covered with mud; the five men were then a good way up the Bath Road, going in the direction of the station. I heard one of them say, "Come on, chum" to Burke, I expect. I noticed nothing particular about Burke's clothes. It was very dark. I helped him up and told him to go to the nearest police station. I could not see the faces of the other men as it was dark. To Mr. Hutchinson. I heard no sound of blows. I did not think it was a robbery. They walked away quietly. Mr. Purcell. They were all scrambling in a heap and then one of them said, "Come on, chums." I saw two or three people coming up from the "Travellers' Friend "; it was closing time. If I had thought it was a robbery I should have gone to his assistance. WILLIAM ERNEST DENNIS, farm labourer, Vicarage Farm Road. At 9.30 p.m. on February 25 I was in the "Travellers' Friend," when I saw the three prisoners, the two Ludkins and young Rice; I knew them before. Burke was also there. Stevens asked me if my name was not Dennis and I said "Yes "; there the conversation stopped. He and Goodman tried to pull Burke on his knees and he was trying to get away. I remained there till closing time. All the six left with Burke; I left about three or four minutes after, going in the same direction. I noticed Holland (I think it was him) pick up Burke, who was on the ground at the side of the gutter. He was plastered in mud and he had blood on his face. His pockets were turned inside out. I walked on to the Park Station, when I met Stevens, Goodman, and Ludkin walking back from the station to Burke; nothing passed between us. I got into the train and saw all the six men get in. They got out at Heston Hounslow Station. Stevens had a handful of money and he was singing" Put a bit away for a rainy day." To Mr. Hutchinson. I am not sure whether all these men were singing in the public-house. They seemed all jolly together. On coming out I saw Durrant and his friends. To Mr. Purcell. I am sure there was no singing. I did not say before the magistrates that I saw one of them picking him up in the road; it was Mr. Holland I saw. I have known these men all my life. Re-examined. Burke seemed all right in the public-house. HUGH GEORGE ROBINSON, Assistant to the Divisional Surgeon, Hounslow. About 12.10 a.m. on February 26 I saw Burke at the station; he was bleeding from the mouth; he had a swelling at the mouth and three teeth were loosened. He complained of acbing all over, but I could not find any other injuries. The injuries were of recent origin and were compatible with his having been mauled. He was quite sober. To Mr. Hutchinson. I doubt if one Wow could have caused the injury to his mouth. I could find no marks of kicks. At the time I saw him there might not have been left marks of a number of blows. To Mr. Purcell. I could smell drink. Police-sergeant WESTROP, I 46. At 10.50 p.m. on February 25 Burke came with another man to the Hounslow Police Station; he was rather excited, but quite sober. He was bleeding from the mouth and covered with mud. He made a statement and described three people to me. I went to High Street, Hounslow, about 50 yards away, and saw Police-constable Oliver. At the corner of Bell Road I saw the prisoners; this was about 300 yards from the station; it was about 11.15; they would have had time to reach there leaving the "Travellers' Friend" at 10. I told them I was making inquiries about a case of assault in the Bath Road. Goodman said, "Why, we have not been in Bath Road to-night, have we?" The others said "No." I said, "I have reason to believe you have and you must accompany me to the station." I took them to the station where Burke identified them. Wright said to him "Didn't you have a fair fight with me and I beat you? I am the man who will stand for the lot." Burke said, "It's a lie; there was no fight." The others said nothing. Burke was all right then. When charged they made no reply. Wright was bleeding from the mouth. The first two knuckles of Stevens's right hand were bleeding, and I asked him to account for this, but he only laughed. Wright told me that Burke had struck him in the mouth. Goodman had a smear of blood between his thumb and first finger on the right hand and the middle knuckle of his right hand was bruised; he said, "I did that boxing." On Wright I found 10s. in gold, 4s. silver, 3 1/2 d. bronze, and a pocket-knife; on Stevens, 12s. 6d. silver, 2 1/2 d. bronze, and a pair of scissors; and on Goodman, 3s. silver, 2 1/2 d. bronze, and a dagger. I did not know any of them before. To Mr. Hutchinson. Burke complained when he came to the tation of having been robbed. Police-constable WALTER OLIVER, 276 I, corroborated. Detective ROBERT CHARLES, I Division. At 12.30 a.m. on February 26 at Hounslow Police Station I saw the three prisoners detained. I took a statement from Burke, which he signed. Stevens said. "That's a lie." Wright said, "Look at my mouth, Mr. Charles. He wanted to fight me in the "Waggoners," and hit me in the mouth, and when we came outside we had a fair fight and I beat him, and that's the truth." Both Wright's lips were swollen and dried blood was adhering to them. To Mr. Hutchinson. No charge has ever been brought against Wright before. He is a bricklayer and has a good character (the references were put to and accepted by the witness). To Mr. Purcell. Stevens is a hard working and respectable man. He lives with his mother in a caravan in an archway which she has rented for a number of years. In the winter he sells wood and coal for his mother and in the summer he travels with his mother. (Defence.) ALBERT EDWARD WRIGHT (prisoner, on oath), bricklayer, 54, Ringwood Road, Hounslow. I have lived in Hounslow all my life and have never been in a police station before. I was earning at this time  2 3s. a week. At 1 p.m. on February 25 I went to the "King's Arms." I left there and went to the "Berkeley" with 17s. 6d. in my pocket. We began playing darts when Burke and another man came in. One of my friends was holding up a chair by the front leg and Burke said he would stand drinks and smokes all round if he would do it with two. My friend did, and Burke paid. He then wanted to sell half a sovereign (that was the only money I saw on him) for a penny to my friend, but we would not take any notice of him. We started playing darts for drinks and he lost every time he played. He got a little quarrelsome over some cigars; I said he ought to have had eight when he was only given seven, and he said he did not want me to shout about it and that he had got the money to pay for it. When I saw how he was I did not take any more notice of him. Sims had told me not to, and that he was one of the best; he came from Fulham. We had several drinks and then we all went on to the "Jolly Waggoners," where we had more drinks. We went on to the "Travellers' Friend," where we stayed till 10 singing. We then left; three of them went first, and Burke, the other prisoner and I followed. Burke was very drunk and I was helping him; Goodman and Stevens were just a little way in front. Then Burke got quarrelsome and hit me in the mouth. I turned round and said, "I've got it" and set about him; I think I knocked one of the others over with him. They stopped us fighting, and they picked him up and were going to help him home, but he refused, so we left him. We walked quietly to the station. From there we went to Bell Road, where we stood talking in the light. We were arrested and I made the statements alleged. I had upon me then 14s. 3 1/2 d. part of my wages. I never took a penny from Burke. Cross-examined. I had had some liquor at the finish. I never went with Goodman and Stevens to the urinal at the "Berkeley." Sims is telling an untruth when he says that I said to them, "I am with you" In telling Detective Charles that we had a fight outside the "Jolly Waggoners "I was making a mistake in the name of the public-house. In that public-house he poured a pint of beer over me. I mentioned that at the police court. Hayes, the landlord there, was sitting in the side room and he could not see everything; he is wrong in saying there was no quarrelling going on. I told him not to do it again; it may be that we made it up. In the "Travellers' Friend" there was no disturbance except that he wanted to sing; I never had much to do with him there; I told him to sit down; otherwise we were perfectly friendly. When he hit me I hit him and we had a fair fight; I knocked him down and he got up again and hit me again; I knocked him down twice and he did not get up the second time. We then tried to pick him up, but he would not let us. Only the three of us were round him then. I did not see his pockets turned out. Stevens may have been singing at the station, but I never saw any money. JAMES GOODMAN (prisoner, on oath), marine store and wardrobe dealer. I have never had a charge brought against me before. Wright's evidence as to what happened up to the time of leaving the "Travellers' Friend" is true. When I left, Burke followed just behind with Wright. I heard them talking and arguing; they had both had a good deal to drink. I heard a bit of a scramble and we looked round. They were struggling on the ground. Stevens and I parted them. Burke was really mad drunk and he started hollaoing. He would not get up. We left him and went on to the station. I started out with 5s. or 6s. and had then on me 3s. 2 1/2 d. Wright's evidence as to what subsequently happened is true. Cross-examined. When at the "Berkeley" I never went to the lavatory; Sims must have invented that part of his evidence. There was no quarrelling at the "Jolly Waggoners." We had all been drinking more or less square. I should think Burke fell to the ground more than once. If there was any blood on my hand it came from Wright's mouth when I examined it. I did not see Burke's pockets turned out. I did not see Stevens flourishing money at the station, although I was with him the whole time. I do not remember telling the constables that we has not been in the Bath Road at all that night; if I did say it anybody would say the same thing so as not to be mixed up in it. The dagger found upon me was in my line of business. JOSEPH STEVENS. I have lived with my mother at the Arches, Kingsley Road, Hounslow, for eight years. I have lived in Hounslow all my life. In the winter I sell potatoes for my brother and in the summer go about with my mother with the roundabouts and swings. Upon this Sunday I had upon me 17s. 6d. In the course of the morning I met Wright and Goodman, whom I have known for years. About 5.30. p.m. we went into the "Berkeley Arms." (Witness here corroborated the previous evidence of Wright and Goodman as to the incidents of the chairs and darts.) Burke paid for drinks with half a sovereign. He went out and left his change on the counter. I ran after him and found him in the road and told him. He came back and treated me for telling him. Later he started paying for more drinks and fetching his money out. I said, "You are not the only man who has got money," and I pulled some money out and paid for six pints; that was the only drink I stood there. We then went to the "Jolly Waggoners "; all the lot of us had had a drop of drink then. From there we went to the "Travellers' Friend." There Burke wanted to sing, but Goodman would not let him. On leaving there together we had got down the road a bit when Wright and Burke started fighting. I and Goodman came back and stopped them. Wright knocked Burke down. We tried to pull him up, but he would not get up and we walked down me road. We went back again to see if he would come, and he started to fight with Wright again. They had a fair fight and Wright beat him. We then left him. I might have pulled my money out at the station and started singing; I had only spent 1s. 6d. from my 17s. 6d. I never attempted to rob Burke. Cross-examined. I might have gone into the lavatory at the "Berkeley "; I did not see Sims there. I never spoke to Goodman there. The fight between Burke and Wright lasted five minutes. I account for the bruises on my fingers by the fact that when Wright hit Burke Burke fell on top of me. SOPHIA STEVENS (mother of prisoner), MAURICE ISAACS, and CHARLES HAYNES gave evidence as to the character of Stevens. Verdict, (all), Not guilty. The prosecution offered no evidence on the indictment charging prisoners with unlawfully assaulting Michael Burke, thereby occasioning actual bodily harm, and the jury returned a verdict of Not guilty. HALL, Emma Florence (40, cook), feloniously marrying Preston Burch, her former husband being then alive. Mr. MacMahon prosecuted; Mr. Stony Deans defended. Detective-sergeant FREDERICK STEPHENS, W division. At 9 p.m. on March 2 I went to 14, Portland Place, N., where I saw prisoner and told her she would be charged with bigamy. She said, "Oh dear, has Burch told you this. He knew it a long time ago. I thought he was not going to say anything about it. What was I to do. When he courted me my husband was a long way away. I had little children to support and I thought, 'it would be a home for them.' "On the way to the station she said, "When I was walking out with Burch I told him I had a secret and could not get married, but afterwards I did it. Then some kind friend told him I was married and he turned me out. I went to service, but he came there and I went back with him again. I knew my proper husband was alive but I had not seen him for several years. "When charged she made no reply. I produce certificates of marriage between John Joseph Hall and prisoner, who was then named Emma Florence Bunker, and Preston Burch and prisoner as Emma Florence Hall. Cross-examined. A desertion order was made, dated August 5, 1899, which relates to the first husband. I cannot say if he ever returned to her after that. Prisoner is a thoroughly respectable woman as far as I know and has always earned her own living. ELLEN HALL, widow, 228, Essex Road, Islington. On September 17, 1888, 1 was present at a marriage between John Joseph Hall and prisoner. Hall is still alive. About 13 or 14 years ago he left her. PRESTON BURCH, fishmonger, 8, Trinity House, Bath Terrace. On August 11, 1906, I went through the form of marriage with prisoner; I was under the impression that she was a widow. Cross-examined. I cannot remember exactly when it was I discovered her husband was alive. Two years ago my son turned her out on account of her bad treatment of my daughter; I had discovered it just previous to that. I believe she went into service. She wrote to me. It was not until some time afterwards that I asked her to come back and to manage my house. She left me a second time, taking a lot of my property with her; I do not know why she left me. I consider myself a very much injured man. This closing the case for the prosecution, Mr. Storry Deans submitted that there was no case to go to the jury, on the ground that it was not proved that prisoner had knowledge of her first husband being alive at the time of her second marriage, since she had not seen him for a period of seven years, and that her statement to the police was capable of the construction that she knew he was alive only on the occasion when she returned to Burch. Judge Rentoul, agreeing with this contention, directed the jury to return a verdict of Not guilty, which they accordingly did. APPEL, Heinrich (39, none) pleaded guilty, of unlawfully procuring Ferdinand Oelgartner to make a false declaration for the purpose of procuring a license for a marriage. Mr. Graham-Campbell, prosecuting, said that the authorities took a serious view of this offence. Prisoner had acted as interpreter to couples coming over to this country from Germany to get married owing to reasons which prevented their being married in their own country. In this case prisoner, as interpreter for Oelgartner, told the St. Pancras registrar that he and the woman had been in England 16 days, whereas they had arrived only the night before. In Germany there existed firms which arranged these quick marriages in England. Having read from a letter of one of the firms, in which it was stated that the female was only 16 1/4 years old, but that the registrar must be told that she was 20, and that the girl would wear a veil so that her youth should not be noticed, counsel said there was evidently a deliberate intention to deceive in these cases. In a comparatively short period prisoner had been concerned in 16 of these marriages. Sentence: One month's imprisonment; recommended for expulsion under the Aliens Act. JAMES, William Henry (93, none) pleaded guilty, of obtaining by false pretences from Isabella Crawford certain title deeds and a fire policy relating to certain land and premises, with intent to de-fraud; forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain deed purporting to be a mortgage between Archibald Crawford, Charles George Lodge, and Walter Harper of certain freehold hereditaments and premises and to have been signed, sealed, and delivered by the said A. Crawford, with intent to defraud; forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a promissory note for  26, with intent to defraud; forging the endorsement on a certain order for the payment of money, to wit, a banker's cheque for  20, with intent to defraud; forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged; a certain authority for the delivery and transfer of goods, to wit, deeds relating to certain premises, with intent to defraud; forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain deed purporting to be a mortgage between Archibald Crawford and Richard Midworth of certain freehold hereditaments and premises and to have been signed, sealed, and delivered by the said A. Crawford, with intent to defraud; forging the endorsement on a certain order for the payment of money, to wit, a banker's cheque for  112 4s. 6d., with intent to defraud; forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain authority for the delivery and transfer of goods, to wit, deeds relating to certain premises, with intent to defraud. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction of felony at the Warwick Sessions on October 20, 1908. He was stated to be an extremely clever and ingenious forger and to be a danger to the public. Dr. Dyer stated that he was feeble physically. Sentence: Twelve months' imprisonment, second division. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Saturday, March 23.) SMITH, John (20, cook), and MEDMUNDS, Albert (19, ship steward), stealing one overcoat, the goods of Charles Griffiths, and one mackintosh, the goods of George Matthews. Mr. F. J. Green prosecuted; Mr. J. R. Lort Williams defended Smith. CHARLES GRIFFITHS, clerk, Worthington and Co., 95, Finsbury Pavement, E.C. On March 4, on coming from lunch about 1.10, I hung this overcoat, which I have on now, in the passage by the side of our office. When I went for it later it was gone. The passage is used by people going to the board room. GEORGE MATTHEWS, clerk, 95, Finsbury Pavement. On March 4 I hung my mackintosh in the passage that runs by the side of the office at 1 p.m. I have not seen it since. I missed it at 5 p.m. Mr. GRAY, liftman, 95, Finsbury Pavement. On March 4 about 11.30 a.m. I saw prisoners. I saw them again between 1 and 1.30. I was then coming down with the lift. I was just past the first floor when I saw prisoners running downstairs. Smith had an overcoat and Edmunds a mackintosh under their arms. I knew Edmunds. I did not know Smith. I did not see them again till they were put up for identification the next day. I had no difficulty in identifying them. Cross-examined. The lift is not very well lighted. The staircase is fairly lighted by daylight. I had never seen Smith before I saw him at the police court. Edmunds asked me at 11.30 on March 4, "Are you still working here?" I said "Yes." Smith was with him then. BENJAMIN BRADFORD, assistant to Mr. Pockett, pawnbroker, 6, Exmouth Street, E.C. About 4.30 on March 4 a great coat was pawned. Exhibit 2 is the ticket. I could not say who pawned it. It was pawned by one man. Detective FRANCIS BRADFORD, Witness Gray spoke to me on March 4. Next morning at 10 I saw prisoners together in Golden Lane. I followed them and they entered a coffee house in Old Street. I telephoned for assistance and on the arrival of Detective Hayward we arrested them as they were leaving. I arrested Edmunds. I told him I should charge him with being concerned with the other man in stealing and receiving an overcoat and mackintosh from 95, Finsbury Pavement, the previous day. He smiled and said, "I know nothing about it." CHARLES GRIFFITHS, recalled. (To Edmunds.) I did not notice a mackintosh when I hung my overcoat up. FREDERICK HAYWARD, City Detective. I arrested Smith on March 5. He said, "I do not know anything about it; I was not with him yesterday," meaning Edmunds. Detective-constable HENEY FORD. On March 5 about 10.15 a.m. I saw the two accused being taken to the station by the two other officers, I followed almost immediately behind them. On entering the station door I saw a pawnticket lying on the mat. I immediately told the inspector on duty what I had found. I said nothing to accused at the time, but after they were identified and formally charged I told them 1 had picked this pawnticket up on the mat and I thought probably it referred to the coat they were charged with stealing, and I thought it more than likely one of them had dropped it. Smith said, "You did no: see us drop it." I said no. I was present at the identification. Gray had no difficulty in picking them out. He had previously told us who they were, or who one of them was. (Defence.) JOHN SMITH (prisoner, on oath). I am a ship's cook. When I am at home I live with my parents at, 22, Leach Street, City Road. I have known Edmunds the last fortnight. I was with him on March 4 at 1145 at 95, Finsbury Pavement. We then went to White Cross street. We met George Hogg and Joe Harding and stood talking to them. I left the three of them about 12.50 and went home to dinner. I did not steal any coat that day. I did not pawn any coat. I had only the coat I was wearing when I went home to dinner. I got home about 12.55. I went out again about two. I had dinner with my father, mother, and sister. My aunt was upstairs. My sister keeps house. My father gets home about 10 past 1. My mother works at Spottiswoode's. Cross-examined. It is about eight minutes' walk home from where I left Edmunds. My mother was not home when I got there. The first time she went in the box she said I came in about 1.10. My father came in about 1.10. Our house is 15 minutes' walk from 95, Finsbury Pavement. LOUIS SMITH. I work at Spottiswoode's. I come home to dinner. About 12.58 I leave my workshop. It takes a quarter of an hour to get home. My husband was there when I got in. Cross-examined. I really do not know what I said before the magistrates. I know I made a few mistakes, I was confused that day and said things I should never have said. I do not remember saying 1 was home before my son. I did not see him come in. He was there. I may have said, "I was at home all day." I was not. I told an untruth. I expect I said I was there when my son came in. I was not there. I told an untruth. I did not wan: the police to go to my firm, but they followed me and found out. I generally leave work before one. ANNIE ASHTON. I am prisoner Smith's aunt. I live at 22, Leach Street. I saw him having his dinner on March 4. Cross-examined. It was not 1.30 when he came in; it was shortly after his mother came in. ANNIE SMITH, 22, Leach Street. I keep house. I prepared the dinner. My brother came in at 12.57. He was in three minutes before the one o'clock hooter went from the factory close by. He had no coat on his arm when he came in. Cross-examined. He was in before mother. Last witness came down during dinner time. Dinner time is 20 or 1/4 past one. It is between 1/2-past 1 and 1/4 to 2, something like that. I know my brother came in at 12.57. It all came into my head when my mother told me next day. ALBERT EDMUNDS (prisoner, on oath). On March 4 in the morning I saw Smith going to the Library, Cripplegate Institute. I asked what he was doing. He said, "Looking for work." I said, "I will have a walk round with you." In Moorgate Street it was raining. Smith said, "Step in here." We stepped in 95, Finsbury Pavement, and spoke to the liftman Gray. We stopped ten minutes or 1/4 hour. I asked Smith the time; it was 11.45. We left there and made our way to Whitecross Street, stopped on the corner talking to two fellows who were going back to work. About 10 to 1 Smith said he was going home to dinner. I stood there a little longer talking to these fellows. I said, "I am going out of the rain to the coffee shop, are you coming?" He said, "No." I went to the coffee shop, Playhouse Yard till 1/4 to 2. It was about 10 or 1/4-past one when I got there. I have a witness who served me with what I had. Cross-examined. Smith did not come to the coffee shop with me. He left me between 1/4 and 10 to 1. It could not have been 1 o'clock, because these two fellows had to get back to work. I was talking: to these fellows after Smith left. I was with Smith all the morning from 10 to 12.45. (To the Court.) The pawnticket was shown to us about an hour after our arrest. Several other, people had walked in the place by that time. I had known Gray by working next door about nine months. I had been on the first floor once to take tea and biscuits. I did not go upstairs on March 4. We stood on the step inside out of the rain. PHYLLIS MAY, waitress, 58, Golden Lane. Edmunds was in our coffee shop between the hour of one and two on Monday, March 4. He had some tea and pastry. I heard next day he was in custody. He had no coat or mackintosh. Cross-examined. I am not certain what time he was there; it was between 1.15 and 1.20. The jury disagreed. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Monday, March 25.) Prisoners were again tried, the former evidence being repeated. Verdict (both), Guilty. Smith confessed to a previous conviction of felony at the Clerkenwell Sessions on April 28, 1908. On February 28, 1908, for warehouse breaking he had been sent to a Borstal institution for 23 months; three previous and one subsequent conviction (for uttering counterfeit coin) were proved. Edmunds had been bound over once and discharged once. His father has done everything he could to induce him to lead an honest life, but without success; he could not now see his way clear to say anything on his 'behalf and wished his son to be sent to a Borstal institution. Sentences: Smith, Twelve months hard labour; Edmunds, Four months imprisonment, second division. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Saturday, March 23.) LAMBERT, Alfred (38, porter), and WEIGHELL, William (26, tailor). Committing an act of gross indecency with each other. Mr. A. M. Latham prosecuted. Verdict (both), Guilty. A previous conviction at this Court on April 5, 1910, was proved against Lambert; he was then sentenced to three months' imprisonment in the second division. He had recently been in the employment of a French club. Weighell was stated to be an associate of thieves and prostitutes; for the past two years he had not been known to do any work. Sentences: Lambert, Six months' hard labour; recommended for expulsion under the Aliens' Act; Weighell, Six months' hard labour. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH (Monday, March 25.) HARRIS, Henry (50, traveller) ; having been entrusted with certain property, to wit, a piano, the goods of Walter Saville, in order that he might retain the same in safe custody unlawfully, fraudulently converting the same to his own use and benefit. Mr. T. E. Morris prosecuted. ROBERT WM. HY. SMITH, 318, St. Paul's Road, Canonbury. I am manager to Saville and Co., piano dealers. On February 6 prisoner agreed to take a piano at the price of 18 guineas, payment to be 16s. on that date, and 8s. a month afterwards. I produce the agreement. The piano was delivered that day to his address, 167, Offord Road, Barnsbury. Prisoner had the opportunity of reading the agreement; I do not know whether he did or not. He signed it in my presence. The only amount he has paid is the 16s. 8s. was due on March 6. Cross-examined by prisoner. You were not in arrears up to March 6. When you came in you asked if we had a piano to sell. You did not say you would pay as soon as you could. You asked the terms; I told you 16s. down and 8s. a month afterwards. I did not say if you paid in six months I would give you 33 per cent. (I told you if you paid the whole 18 guineas in three years from date of delivery I would give you 5 per cent. on the balance. JOHN ELLIOTT, agent to Messrs. Saville. On February 28 I went to 16, Botolph Road, Bow, where prisoner was living. I said, "I have called to see our instrument, please." He asked me inside. He said, "I am sorry I cannot show it to you, but I do not owe the money till to-morrow morning." I said, "Never mind about the money, I want to see the piano." He said, "I must tell you the truth, I have sold it. I was in drink at the time with some pals and I got rid of it." I said, "Can you show me where it is, or who bought it." He said, "No, I cannot. I would not give my pals away, I would sooner do chokey first. I sent to the shop for an assistant, Mr. Berry, and prisoner repeated the same words to him when he came. He said, "If you like I will take you both down to Chapel Street, and I will try and find the man I sold it to." (We went with him as far as Highbury, and he said then, "Supposing I am only swanking?" I said, "If you are only swanking I will take you to the police station." He said, "I will go there myself." We went to the police station. To prisoner. You did not say you would give me your home which was worth  30 or  40. I did not say I did not want it. (To the Court. He sold it within four days of the hire. It has not been traced.) You said, "Give me till Monday and I will give it you back." I would not trust you. It took me three days to trace you from Offord Road. WM. GREENWOOD, piano remover, Tottenham. I delivered a piano at 267, Offord Road, Barnsbury. I saw prisoner and took from him this receipt (produced). Detective-sergeant HORACE CASTLETON. I saw prisoner Elliott and Berry at Upper Street police station. Elliott explained the case. I said to prisoner, "You hear what this man says." He said, "That is what he says. I have still got it." I said, "Why not say where it is and finish this business." He said, "I shall not tell you, or him either where it is." I said, "If you will not do that I shall detain you and make inquiries. Later on he was charged and made no reply. HENRY HARRIS (prisoner, not on oath). I was under the impression I bought it. I did not sell it. I am willing to pay, willing to give it up. I have not sold it. I signed the agreement. I am willing to pay. My agreement was not up before March 6; that is nine days I had, and he would not give me one minute to get it back or try to get it back, which I am willing to do. Verdict, Guilty. Previous convictions were proved. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. WESTFALL, Arthur, otherwise Maurice Murphy (42, stoker). Unlawfully assaulting Charles Foile, and occasioning him actual bodily harm. Mr. Taylor prosecuted; Mr. St. John McDonald defended. Prisoner was tried at the January (2) Sessions (see page 509), on an indictment for robbery with violence upon Foile, convicted, and sentenced. Upon appeal, the Court of Criminal Appeal quashed the conviction. (7 Cr. App. R., p. 176.) Mr. McDonald tendered on behalf of prisoner the plea of autrefois convict, citing R. v. Miles (1890, 24 Q.B.D., p. 423); R. v. Norton (5 Cr. App. R., p. 197); and (Broom), "Nemo debet bis vexari pre una et eadem causa." Judge Lumley Smith said he would let the case go to the jury upon this indictment, and subsequently, if necessary, deal with the special plea of autrefois convict. The evidence at the former trial was repeated. Verdict, Not guilty. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL., (Monday, March 25.) BELL, George (34), unlawfully taking Annie Louisa Melton, a girl under the age of 18 years out of the possession and against the will of Constance Cohen, having the lawful care of her, with intent that she should be carnally known by himself the said G. Bell; (Second Count) taking Annie Louisa Melton, a girl under the age of 18 years out of the possession and against the will of Constance Cohen, her mistress. Prisoner pleaded guilty to the second count, and this plea was accepted by Mr. Clarke Hall for the prosecution. Prisoner was, released on his own recognizances in  20 to come up for judgment if called upon. BREWER, George William (59, motor smith), carnally knowing a girl over the age of 13 years and under the age of 16 years. Verdict, Not guilty. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Tuesday, March 26.) STEVENS, Arthur (26, labourer), TURNER, John (24, salesman), and ROSE, Lilian (22, tailoress), all feloniously making counterfeit coin; Stevens and Turner feloniously possessing counterfeit coin with intent to utter same. Turner pleaded guilty of 'having counterfeit coin in his possession. Prisoners were tried upon the indictment charging them with feloniously making counterfeit coin. Mr. Beaumont Morice prosecuted. Detective-inspector ARTHUR NEIL, T Division. About 11.45 a.m. on February 21, I went with other officers to 18, Drummond Crescent, occupied by Turner and Rose; the ground floor consists of a small shop (with no business in it) and a back parlour with a glass panel door between. In the back parlour I found Turner. Sergeant Goodchild had gone upstairs, and Sergeant Butters to the back. Turner said, "Who's there?" I said, "I am a police officer. I have reason to believe you are making, or you have been making counterfeit coin." He immediately shouted out several times, "Lil, look out the 'tecs are here!" He then said to me, "You won't find anything to do with coining here." Sergeant Butters then joined me, and I commenced to search. In a tin on the mantelpiece I found a counterfeit florin; and on the table a piece of metal called a "jet." In the shop I found four bags of plaster of paris used for making moulds, a tin of whitening for polishing purposes; two saucers of whitening, showing that it had been used; and a saucer of wet sand, used in polishing and cleaning. A piece of French cloth was hanging over the glass portion of the door between the shop and the parlour to prevent anybody seeing over the shop window into the parlour. I also found two knives, one in the sand and one in the whitening. In the back parlour I also found five spoons which apparently had been used in mixing the plaster of paris, two files used for filing the edges of the coins, one ladle used for melting, some small sections of tissue paper used for wrapping up the coins after they had been polished, three pieces of copper wire which had apparently been attached to a battery, an incomplete galvanised battery, which I suggest had been used in the tin can we found, a bag of sand similar to that in the saucer, a box containing cyanide of potassium, and a packet of antimony used in connection with the battery (some of this latter had bean scattered over the floor); in the grate there were portions of moulds, and also a little saucepan, which apparently had been used on a very hot fire (there was at that time a big fire in the grate). (All these articles were produced.) Sergeant Butters found on Turner in my presence  1 10s. gold,  2 9s. silver, and 4d. in bronze. He said, "That is my money, which I honestly worked for." I said, "For whom have you worked?" He said, "That is my business." In his waistcoat I found these six live cartridges. I said, "You have a revolver." He said, "Not me; I wish I had." Leaving him in charge of Sergeant Butters I went to the first floor front room, where Sergeant Goodchild had preceded me. By that time Rose was partly dressed. From what I had been told I looked into a cupboard and found this box (Exhibit 21) containing 141 florins and 137 shillings, all counterfeit. I compared these subsequently with the money found on Turner, and found that the dates on some of them corresponded; the good money apparently had been used as pattern money. I was the shown a fully-loaded six-chambered revolver, which had been taken from a window ledge just above the head of the bed, so that had the prisoner been laying in bed, all he had to do was to put up his hand and take it down; a box of cartridges fitting the revolver and corresponding to those found on prisoner was also found. There were also handed to me these little boxes of fat and pieces of scrap metal (Exhibit 19). I said to Rose, "I shall arrest you." I took her downstairs to where Turner was. I then said to them, "You have both been living together. Are you married?" They replied, "No; we have only been living together." I said to Rose, "What is your name?" she said, "Mrs. Smith "; she afterwards gave the name of "Rose." Turner said to her, "They have taken all my money." She said, "What the b  hell have they done that for? That's my money. I earned it by prostitution. I should like to know the b  who put us away." They were taken to the station and charged. Neither made any reply. I afterwards saw a bank book taken from Turner; it showed a total of  9 10s. paid in since January 3. Cross-examined by Turner. I did not see you doing anything which led me to believe you were making counterfeit coin. The whitening and sand may be used for household purposes. The saucepan may have had a little water in it. You can look over the whitened part of the shop window right through into the parlour if there is no cloth put over the window of the door. It is true that the plaster of paris was done up in paper, but the parcel was lying open. Cross-examined by Stevens. You were not arrested until 30 hours afterwards. You were arrested in the street. I directed the officers not to go to your registered house to find you in case you might not be in. There was no animosity against you in this case as far as I or anybody else is concerned. Detective-sergeant FREDERICK BUTTERS. I was with the last witness when 18, Drummond Crescent was raided on February 21. I saw him find nearly all the articles which he has produced. It was I who took the 141 florins and 137 shillings found to the station; I counted them and they have been in my custody ever since, except when they were with the Mint. Sergeant Goodchild and I went upstairs. After getting more assistance we went into the room where Inspector Neil and Turner were. Turner said, "Come on, tell me who 'shopped' us. There was only one man that knew." I said to him, "Who is the landlord?" He said, "Ask the man that put us away the man that brought the stuff here last night." In addition to the articles already produced I found on the mantelpiece a tin of liquid, and a small file (Exhibit 32). After I raked the fire out I found these pieces of mould (Exhibit 18). I was present when prisoners were charged. Turner afterwards made a statement. (Witness here corroborated Inspector Neil as to the finding of the French cloth put over the parlour door window for the purpose, it was alleged, of a screen.) Cross-examined by Turner. Without the cloth you can see over the shop window into your room; I have been there since and verified that. Cross-examined by Rose. You were in bed when I went to your room and I asked you to get up and you refused several times; you used most shameful language. I did not threaten to strike you. To Stevens. While I went into the charge room you were sitting on a seat by the side of a table; I think you had an umbrella. I was not present when you were searched. Re-examined. We got Mrs. Bedford to stop with Rose while she dressed. Detective-sergeant CHARLES GOODCHILD, Y Division. I assisted the other officers to arrest Turner and Rose on February 21. I went up to the first floor front room, when I saw Rose in bed. I said to her, "I have reasons to believe you have some counterfeit coin here." She said, "You won't find any here," I found some scrap metal in the fireplace and I also found two tins of grease (Exhibit 19). I found nothing in the cupboard. Rose refused to dress and I called in Mrs. Bedford and told her to remain there until she was dressed. I partly closed the bedroom door and stood outside. I heard them having a conversation and I looked round the door and saw Rose go to the cupboard that I had searched just before and put this box (Exhibit 21) into it. I later on pointed it out to Inspector Neil. There were two double beds in the front room and one in the back room. About 4.30 p.m. that day I was in the first floor front room when I saw Stevens come and speak to a little girl outside. He then walked away. I hurried down the stairs and got into the street, but I could not see him. At 9 p.m. on the following day with Sergeant Page I was in the Kingsland Road, when I saw him with eight or ten other men. I said to him, "I am going to arrest you for being concerned with John Turner and Lilian Rose, in custody for possessing implements and articles for the manufacture of base coin. A large quantity of counterfeit shillings and florins have been found at 18, Drummond Crescent." He said, "You have made a great mistake. I do not know Turner or Rose. I have never been to Drummond Crescent." I had hold of his right arm and we walked a short distance to Old Street for the purpose of getting into a cab when he wrenched his arm away and struck at my face with his umbrella. I knocked the blow on one side and hit him in the face with my fist. He said, "All right; I'll go quietly. I shall want you to send for Mr. Tynewell. He will get me out of this to-morrow. He is well after you people." On the way to the station he said, "What number did you say in Drummond Crescent?" I said, "No 18." He said, "Well, I do know Turner and Rose. I suppose I can go there if I like. I have only slept there one night. I suppose they have put me away." I took him to the station, and in the presence of the inspector on duty and Sergeant Page searched him. I found 5s. 3 1/2 d. in good money, and in his lefthand overcoat pocket two florins and six separate shillings (Exhibit 25), all counterfeit, wrapped up separately in tissue paper. He said, "You put them in my pocket. You are doing it on me. I will have your b life when I come out." I had not put them in his pocket. He was identified by Mrs. Bedford. When the charge was read over to him he said, "It sounds very pretty. Wait until I come out." To Turner. I handed the tin of grease to Inspector Neil in the room after I found them. To Rose. I was not surprised when Inspector Neil took the box from the cupboard. To Stevens. I saw you only for a minute or so when you came to 18, Drummond Crescent; when I saw you you were opposite the road and you crossed over. I did not have sufficient time to get down and arrest you. You were not outside the house four minutes. When I arrested you Sergeant Page took hold of your left arm. I know nothing about the detectives knowing you lived in Kingsland Road. So far as I knew, you never knew until you were arrested that Turner and Rose had been arrested. I did not before you tried to strike me say, "Now, we have got you, you tike," and strike you in the mouth. I allowed you to keep your umbrella after you tried to strike me. When you said I had put the coins in your pocket I did not say, "What, in front of the inspector?" I had nothing to do with the Mackintosh case. We got a taxi at the corner of City Road; there were trams, but we are not allowed to take prisoners in those. In the taxi I did not suspect that you tried to throw something away. Sergeant Page put his head out of the right side window and told the driver where to go to. I had nothing whatever to do with the coins found in the house. Re-examined. I had no idea as to what the box contained when I saw Rose put it in the cupboard. Detective-sergeant FRANK PAGE. On February 23 I was talking to prisoner outside the Clerkenwell Police Court, when he said "I did not know that that this address (48, Drummond Crescent) was on Neil's ground." I wits present when he was searched by Detective-sergeant Goodchild, and saw him take the coins from his pocket. He said, "You put them on me. You are trying to do it on me." To Stevens. I do not remember whispering to Sergeant Goodchild in the cab; I leaned out of the right window to speak to the driver. I did not put the coins in your pocket. Detective-constable FREDERICK LOCKWOOD, 504 T. About 4 p.m. on February 20 I started keeping observation on 18, Drummond Crescent. I saw the three prisoners go in and out on several occasions; I kept observation until 10.30 p.m. They came to the door and looked up and down the street; they stood there for different periods. Shortly after 10 Stevens came to the door, stood there about 30 seconds and then went back into the house. He was the last person I saw. When I left at 10.30, as far as I know, all the prisoners were in the house. I was present at the raid on the next day. After Rose had left her room I went in and found this revolver (Exhibit 22) on the window sash at the head of the bed; it was fully loaded. I handed it to Inspector Neil. To Turner. On February 20 I saw another woman go in and out of the house once or twice; I know her now to be Mrs. Bedford. I reported that night to Inspector Niel what I had seen. I am not in a position to say why the raid was not made till the following day. To Rose. I was there till 10.30 and you had not left the house then. To Stevens. I have never said that I saw you go in at 4.30; when I first saw you you came to the door; I do not know the time that you did that first. I saw you on two occasions come to the door previous to when I saw you at 10; I should think it was between six and seven. I had seen you previous to this day, but it might be detrimental to you if I said where. (Prisoner Stevens persisted in asking when this occasion was.) It was when you were brought into the Kentish Town Police Station charged with larceny. I have not been instructed to say that I saw you at the house on the 20th. ALICE BEDFORD. I am caretaker for several houses at Drummona Crescent. About 4.30 p.m. on February 13 Turner and Rose (i knew them as "Mr. and Mrs. Turner ") came to me about the keys of No. 16, and I gave them to them and showed them over that house. They took No. 18. On the next day Turner came alone, and then later he and the other two prisoners came; this was about 10 p.m. They came with a van and some furniture; Stevens had charge of the van. They moved the furniture into No. 16. I went out for about half an hour, and on my return Stevens asked me if I could show them over No. 18, and I did. They moved there from No. 16. I got some coals and oil for them. Between the 14th and the 21st I saw Stevens there nearly every day; I had to go there for water because No. 18 was the only house that had the water put on. He used to say, "Good morning" or "Good afternoon" to me. On the night of the 20th I went there to get some water and I saw Stevens. He said, "Who's there?" and I said, "It's only me" On the next day I was in the passage again on my way to get some water when one of the officers called me up. I went to the first floor front, where I saw Rose in bed. One of the officers told her to get up. I remained there till she was dressed. When she was dressed she said to me, "It will mean five years for me, will you take this?" She was referring to this box (produced) that she had pulled out from between the bed and the mattress. I said I could not. She offered me  1 if I would take it and I said I could not. She said she would wrap it up in some dirty clothes and I could say it was dirty washing. I said, "No, I cannot." She tried to put it down her chest, but it would not go there. So she put it in the cupboard. I was present when it was found by the officer. To Turner. I did not notice what things you brought to the house; I did not help you to carry them in; I never came into your room; I stood against the door; it was not wide open. I am not aware that Rose had all the dirty linen washed on the night of the 20th. Stevens answered the door to me when I went there on the night of the 20th. I used to get the water for the other tenants because you would not allow them to go through. You did not let a little girl come in on the morning of the 21st; you stood at the door while I got it. To Rose. I do not remember your telling me to get the washing on the night of the 20th, as you were going to a play. When I fetched my marriage lines I did not go into Turner's room; Mr. Freeman did not come in while I was in there. You asked me not to let anybody else fetch water. It is not true that the tenants used to come in at six and seven in the morning, as you always had the front door bolted. To Stevens. You did not open the door to me on the night of the 20th; I let myself in with the key and you called out, "Who's there!"I saw you with my own eyes; you looked out of the parlour door. You came out early in the morning and went in late at night; I have known you to stop there. Rose told me you were her brother and you were going to have the back room. On the Saturday evening I let you all three in and you had a woman with you. Nearly every night I used to see you go in; you only missed about one day out of the eight. I never took notice of the particular time of the day I saw you because I was in there so often. You were there on the morning and night of the Monday before the raid; also on the Tuesday. The words "To let" were put up after the raid to prevent you people going there. I did not see you speak to the little girl; I did not see you come to the house at all. Re-examined. No. 16 was an occupied house, but No. 18 was empty. DAVID WALSH, painter's labourer. About the middle of February I was employed to do some work in Retford Street. Whilst working there I saw all three prisoners go in and out of No. 28. I used to see Stevens two or three times a day. I have seen Rose standing on the doorstep of No. 28 feeding horses with bread. I was working a fortnight there. To Stevens. I saw you in Retford Street on the 20th, in the morning and in the afternoon; between one and two; it was. I did not see you in the evening. At 5.30 p.m. on that day I am sure you were not standing outside the public-house at the corner. I have seen you also go into No. 3. SIDNEY WILLIAM SMITH, Assistant Assayer, H.M. Mint. On February 29 I examined a number of articles brought to me by the police (Exhibits 1 to 26); a great many of them are things that would be useful for making counterfeit coin. Exhibit 21 consists of 141 counterfeit florins and 137 counterfeit shillings; they are fairly good imitations. The eight counterfeit coins (Exhibit 25) are identical with certain of those found in the box. I have compared these four genuine coins, found on Turner with those found in the box and find that they are the identical pattern pieces which were used in making the moulds from which certain of those coins were made. To Turner. I cannot swear that you used them. (Defence.) LILIAN ROSE (prisoner, on oath). I am innocent of this charge. Mrs. Bedford has uttered nothing but falsehoods; she and Goodchild have planned this affair between them and they have both told falsehoods. They have got nothing to say against me. I wish the statement read: "To the Judge. My Lord. I am writing this to let you know that I am honest and truly innocent of this terrible charge brought against me. I swear by the Almighty God above that I know nothing whatever about this terrible affair. Sir, an officer in the case said that he saw me place the box in the cupboard. Well, sir, don't you think that if he saw me do that, as soon as he came into the room he would have gone straight over and taken the box out. But instead an officer came up from downstairs and commenced to search, and he found them and he said to the other officer, 'God bli' me. Look what's here.' I will tell you why they are so down on me, and that is because when they came to search the place I was in bed fast asleep and they asked me to get up and be quick about it and I said, 'Well, if you are gentlemen, you will go outside while I dress myself,' and one of the officers called me a bad name and went to strike me, and I said that I would ask the judge if he was allowed to strike people when he came to arrest them, and he said, 'You don't want to say anything. Let's be friends.' I promise if you will give me a chance I will never get mixed up in an affair like this again." Cross-examined. We had been in the place a week before we were arrested. I did not know that No. 16 was empty when we moved into No. 18. I had been previously living with Turner at 28, Retford Street; Stevens came there, but not always to see us. I did not hear Turner shout anything to me on the morning of the raid. I would not get up with the men in the room. I called Mrs. Bedford to get the clean washing, and she came up and stayed with me. I did not take the box from under the bed and I had no conversation with her about it. I do not know how it came to be in the cupboard. All I said to Mrs. Bedford was to stop with me while I dressed. The revolver that was found Turner and Stevens took away from some fellows that were insulting us on the previous Saturday; they had threatened to shoot their brains out with it because they interfered. I do not know anything about the cartridges. Before I went downstairs I did not know what the officers had come for; I swear that Goodchild did not stay in my room. He was a police officer and had reason to believe there was counterfeit coin in the room. I had never seen the box before. I know nothing about the other articles that were found. Stevens was not there nearly every day. The last time I saw him was on Saturday night, when he came and slept with a friend in the back room. Just after 10 p.m. on the 20th I went and did some shopping. ARTHUR STEVENS (prisoner, on oath). I have known Turner since about Christmas, and have always been very friendly with him. About a fortnight before the arrest he offered me a job as a caretaker in some furnished rooms that he was going to let out, and he asked me to help him move in to 18, Drummond Crescent, and I did so. I called on him three or four times since he went there. The last time I was there was on Saturday night, and I stopped till Sunday morning. On the Monday afternoon I caught a cold and had a stiff neck. On Tuesday I was so bad that I did not get up till alter 11. All that' afternoon and evening I was in and out of the "Model Anna." My cold got much worse and Mrs. Reynolds, the proprietor's wife, and a friend of her's, a nurse named Walsh, said to me at 9 p.m. that I ought to go home, and that I was more bad than I looked. That same evening a friend of mine named Wilkie, and two other friends, a licensed victualler and a licensed carrier, came in and had a game of skittles with Mr. Reynolds, who asked me to have a game, but I could not play because of my neck. I did not leave there till 12 o'clock. I then went home to 32, Union Street, my registered address, and my landlady poulticed my neck. I did not get up on the following day, Wednesday, till 12, and left the house just after one. At two I went to Stamford's coffee shop, 89, Kingsland Road. I went up home again, and then I thought I would go and look Turner up, and I went to 18, Drummond Crescent between four and five. It was then that Detective Goodchid saw me. I then went home again. At about 7 p.m. on the following day, Thursday, I went to the same coffee shop and got a cap I had left there; I put it in my left hand overcoat pocket. I then went home, and my landlady, her brother-in-law, and a friend of his came into the room where I was. I pulled the cap from my pocket, and asked them how they liked it. In pulling it the lining of my left hand overcoat pocket also came out. (They laughed and said it did not suit me. I then went out with Preschner and Kaiser for a walk up the Kingsland Road. We met a joy called "Abie," and we were all standing on the kerb when I was arrested. I made no attempt to resist. Goodchild said, u We will give you time you dirty little tike," and punched me in the mouth. The only statement I ever made was, "It sounds very pretty "; that was when I was charged. Cross-examined. It is true I went to 28, Retford Street to see Turner and Rose. I was not at No 18, Drummond Crescent nearly every day. I suppose I went there about three times during the week; I was not there on the evening before the raid. In the afternoon of the raid I went there and spoke to a little girl outside. I have never when I have been in the house seen anything to make me suspect coining was going on. Sergeant Goodchild's evidence as to what I said when arrested is a distinct concoction. It is true that I said I did know Turner. Detective-sergeant Goodchild started searching me on the left-hand side, and then he searched the right, and then went back to the left. I know there was no such thing as a counterfeit coin in my pocket before my arrest. Who else could have put them there except the officer? I suggest that the detectives are at the bottom of it, because I nearly got one of Sergeant Goodchild's chums five years' penal servitude, and it is his revenge. MARY PRESCHNER, 32, Union Street. (To Stevens.) You were living in my place just on two months. It is true that on the night of February 22 you asked Kaiser and Morris Preschner to go for a walk. When you came in doors you (brought a new cap and in pulling it out of your overcoat left-hand pocket you pulled the lining out as well. Twenty minutes after you left the boys came back and said you were arrested. MORRIS KAISER, 32, Union Street. (To Stevens.) On the day you were arrested you came home with a cap in your left-hand side outside pocket of your overcoat. You took it out and left the lining sticking out. You had nothing in that pocket. We went out for a walk. When you were arrested you never lifted your hand at all. Cross-examined. I had met him the first time the night before. Two people came to arrest him. He had an umbrella. He never struggled at all. I cannot say whether either of the officers did anything to him; I did see one hit him for nothing at all. MORRIS PRESCHNER. (TO Stevens.) Mary Preschner is my sister and I live at 28, Steward Street. I was present when you came in with a cap in your coat pocket. As you brought it out you pulled out the lining. I was present when you were arrested. You did not strike one officer at all. Cross-examined. They took him down the road and then I lost sight of them. I did not see the officer strike him; that was after I had left to tell my sister (he had been arrested. (Stevens desired Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds to be called. They were called, but did not appear.) JOSEPH THOMAS ROSE, skittle attendant, "Model Arms," Kingsland Road. (To Stevens.) On the night of the 20th a friend of mine named Wilkie came in with another man. You were there also. You had something the matter with your neck; I heard Mrs. Reynolds say that you were more ill than you looked and you ought to go home. (To the Court.) I cannot remember exactly the night that this occurred; I should think it was the Thursday night about 10.30. Upon Stevens returning to the dock he alleged that the reason why this charge was being brought against him was that a detective friend of the officers in this case had asked him to get some man with a blemished character in order that he should be arrested for being in possession of a jemmy, which the detective would place in his pocket; that on informing the editor of the "Daily Mail" as to this plot he had been referred to a Mr. Tynewell, who had arranged for the attendance of a well-known barrister and an actor; that these men were arrested on his assuring the detective who had met him for the purpose of arresting the man he had promised to find that they were men of blemished character, but were discharged by the magistrate; as a consequence a question was asked in the House of Commons. JOHN TURNER (Prisoner not on oath). I can account for about eight of these articles found, but I will say how the rest came into my possession. Rose used the whitening for the windows and the sand for the pots; the French cloth was for the table, and the little saucepan was for cooking. On the night that the officer was supposed to be watching the house a man came and said the detectives were after him and asked me to keep some things which he brought in a piece of sacking. I will not say I did not know what they were. I took the paster out and put it in the shop, and the things that were found in the plate I put there. I took the coins upstairs and put them underneath the mattress. Rose knows nothing about it because I never mentioned anything about it to her. From what I can see of it it was a trap by this man to let me fall into. Verdict, (all), Guilty. Stevens had been sentenced to five years' penal servitude in 1906 for making counterfeit coin. In 1897 he had been sent to an industrial school till the age of 19. Three further convictions in 1904, and 1910, were proved. Turner had been sentenced in 1910 to eight months' hard labour for uttering counterfeit coin. Two convictions in 1906 and 1907 were proved. (He had never been known to do any work; he and Rose had been convicted of keeping a brothel. Inspector Neil proved convictions against Rose for assaulting the police and brothel keeping and stated that Stevens had previously been suspected of making counterfeit coin, but there was not sufficient evidence to charge him with it. He explained the method by which Stevens had by his false representations induced a young and inexperienced officer to arrest two men who were found afterwards to be of unimpeachable character. It was Stevens's practice, when charged, to make serious allegations against the police, which were invariaibly false. Sentences: Stevens, Five years' penal servitude; Turner, Four years' penal servitude; Rose, eighteen months' hard labour. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Thursday, March 21.) WIGNALL, George (28, painter), feloniously wounding Lewis Green with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm. Mr. Warburton prosecuted. LEWIS GREEN, mason, 36, Greenwood Road, Walthamstow. Prisoner and his wife had three rooms from me on the first floor when I was at Stafford Road at 3s. 6d. a week. On February 11 I spoke to him about three weeks' arrears of rent, and gave him a week's notice. Shortly after 11 p.m. on February 18 I was sitting up waiting for him to come in to see what he was going to do about clearing out. He and his wife came in and went upstairs. I called to him from the foot of the stairs, but could not get an answer. I went up to his door and he came out. I asked him whether he was going to clear out. He said he had only earned 2s. 6d., and he had paid some deposit on a room. I said that would not do for me; I could not pay my own landlord. I have since been turned out. He struck me, and we had a bit of a struggle. I went downstairs and he went back to his room. He then caught me up at the bottom of the stairs and stabbed me over the eye, in the cheek, and under the chin with a table knife. The passage was in darkness and I could not see to defend myself; I could not see what was in his hand. My daughter came between us. He then went out of the front door and I was taken to the hospital and from there to the infirmary, where I remained till March 15. I feel very weak now, and my head is still very sore. Cross-examined by prisoner. When I gave you notice I did not say I would pay you if you did not pay me. It is true you were in at dinner time on the 18th, but I could not then call you down because my wife was very ill, and I could not leave her. Re-examined. Four weeks' rent was owing altogether on the 18th. While I have been in the infirmary I have not been able to earn anything, and I have been turned out of the house. ESTHER GREEN, chocolate packer. I am the daughter of the last, witness. On the night of February 18 I was in bed when I heard my father and prisoner talking. Then I heard a struggle. Upon that I went downstairs and saw my father lying on the floor with prisoner and his wife leaning over him. I picked him up. Prisoner got hold of me by the throat and threw me on the ground. His wife then opened the door and they ran out. I sent for a doctor. My. father's face was covered with blood. About half an hour afterwards prisoner's wife and his brother came back. They appeared to be looking for something in the passage. I went out and picked up this knife (produced) in the passage; it was smothered in blood. I have seen prisoner's wife cutting bread with it. I handed it to the police. When my father was in the infirmary we could not pay the rent and we had to leave. JAMES O'SHEA, house surgeon. Between 1 and 2 a.m. on February 19 prosecutor was brought to the hospital. He had a black eye and cuts over his left eye, at the side of his mouth, and on his chin, all about an inch long, but not very deep. I stitched them up. I sent him home and gave him an out-patient's ticket. WILLIAM REGINALD MARGETTS TURTLE, assistant medical superintendent, West Ham Infirmary. On February 19 prosecutor was admitted to the infirmary suffering from the three cuts the last witness has described. He had lost a fair amount of blood and was suffering slightly from shock. None of the wounds turned out to be dangerous. He was detained till March 15. I think the wounds could be caused by this knife (produced). Detective JOHN LEE, N Division. Shortly after 2 a.m. on Feb?ruary 19 I was called to 14, Grange Road, where I saw prisoner. I said I should take him into custody for stabbing a man the night before. He said, "I know all about it and what it is for. This is through owing that man two weeks' rent. I had been out selling flowers from 9 in the morning and earned 9d. I did not go up till half-past 11, when Mr. Green spoke to me about the rent and if I had got a place yet, when he punched me in the mouth, inside here. I then ran upstairs and picked the knife off the table, and ran downstairs and done it on him. I have done it and I must put up with the punishment. I do not mind so long as my wife and children get some food to eat. "On arriving at the station he said, "I done it right enough. I do not want anybody else to get into trouble for it." On his right sleeve, on both hands, and the right forearm I saw blood. Detective-inspector ISRAEL BEDFORD, N Division. On February 19 I saw prisoner detained at the station and told him I should charge him with feloniously wounding the prosecutor. He said, "I did not mean to murder him. I done it in self-defence." When the charge was read over to him he made no reply. LEWIS GREEN. (Recalled. To the Court.) I never struck prisoner on this night at all. Prisoner's statement before the magistrate: "On February 11, at 9.30 a.m., I went out selling flowers. I came home at half-past two to dinner. At half-past three I was going out and I passed in the passage Mr. Green and his daughter Maud. I happened to shut the door a bit heavy. I got three doors by from the gate, when Mr. Green came running after me. He said, 'Look here, if you don't pay your rent, it is either pay or be paid,' and he made two attempts to hit me on that Sunday and he thought better of it. He said, 'You take a week's notice. 'On February 18 I went out at 9.30 with my flowers. I came home at three to dinner. It was half-past seven before I got sold out and got to my wife's brother's. I stopped there from half-past seven till eleven o'clock playing cards. I reached home. I came to help my wife with the mailcart. Mr. Green holloa'd out, 'George.' I said, 'What?' He made no reply. I went downstairs. He said, 'You understand, I want you out of here this week?' I said, 'Yes, I'm going to-morrow or Tuesday.' He said, 'Before you take anything out of here I want two weeks' rent out of you. Either pay or be paid.' I said, 'I have not got it. I only earned 2s. 6d. and I have got to pay the deposit for a room out of that.' He said, 'You will have to put up with the consequence.' With that I walked upstairs. He came up to the top of the stairs, all but three, and he said to my wife, 'My daughter will fight you in the back yard.' I said, 'Not in the back yard. She will fight her in the street.' He walked downstairs; I went into my kitchen. He called me again. I went down. He said, 'I want my rent.' With that he pulled me and tore a button off my coat, and hit me behind the ear. With that, I goes upstairs and gets the knife and I stabbed him." (Defence.) MARGARET JANE WIGNALL (prisoner's wife) corroborated the statement prisoner had made before the magistrate, adding, "My husband is a total abstainer. Prosecutor was drunk at the time." Cross-examined. I did not see a knife in my husband's hand before prosecutor struck him in the mouth. I admit that this knife (produced) is one that I have used. He has been a good husband to me. GEORGE WIGNALL (prisoner, on oath) repeated the statement he had made when before the magistrate. He was not cross-examined. The jury disagreed. (March 23.) Prisoner was again tried (before Judge Rentoul.) The evidence was repeated, and prisoner was found guilty of unlawful wounding. Prisoner, who received a good character, was released on his own recognisances to come up for judgment if called upon. BEFORE MR. JUSTICE HORRIDGE. (Friday, March 22.) BOWMAN, Guy (40, journalist); BUCK, Charles Ernest (38, printer); and BUCK, Benjamin Edward (42, printer). (1) Endeavouring, by the publication of an article in a certain printed paper called the "Syndicalist, "to seduce persons serving in His Majesty's land forces from their duty and allegiance to His Majesty. (2) Endeavouring to incite the same persons to commit acts of mutiny, to wit acts of disobedience to the lawful commands of their superior officers. (3) Endeavouring to incite the same persons to commit certain traitorous and mutinous practices. Mr. Muir, Mr. Bodkin, and Mr. Graham-Campbell prosecuted; Sir Frederick Low, K. C., M. P., and Mr. J. B. Melville defended Bowman; Mr. J. B. Melville defended C. E. Buck and B. E. Buck. Before plea, Sir Frederick Low moved to quash the indictment. It was preferred under a very old Act (37 Geo. III., c. 70). That Act was renewed from time to time, and in 1817 it was re-enacted and made perpetual (57 Geo. III., c. 7). The original Act, thus perpetuated, was a highly penal statute; it provided that any person convicted of the offence alleged against the present defendants should be adjudged guilty of felony and should suffer death without benefit of clergy. Section 3 provided explicitly that a person who had been tried for an offence under that Act and acquitted or convicted should not be tried again, upon the same facts, for high treason or misprision of treason. This emphasised the necessity of the greatest particularity in any charge framed under the Act. He submitted that this indictment was bad for uncertainty; it charged the endeavouring "to seduce divers persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by land "; it designated no soldier, no person who had been approached or interfered with in any way. It designated no body on whom the accused could lay their finger and say, "There is the charge made against us." Suppose hereafter a further indictment were preferred against them, how were they to say," We have been charged with that offence and we have been acquitted of it or convicted," as the case might be. There was nothing to identify anyone any soldier, any persons serving in His Majesty's Forces as the person with whom they had endeavoured to tamper. The form of indictment set out in Archbold, 24th Edition, page 1113, indicated a definite person; the charge was "endeavouring to seduce one J. N., he the said J. N. then being a person serving," etc. Neither in the depositions taken before the magistrate nor in the indictment itself was there a suggestion that the defendants had endeavoured to tamper with any specified person serving in His Majesty's Forces. Mr. Melville, for the prisoners Buck, took the same objection. Mr. Muir said this was a pure pleading point; it was a question of definitely naming the "persons" referred to in the statute, and the rule was that they must be named as definitely as circumstances will permit. Here the incitement itself showed the class to whom it was addressed. Indictments had for many years been drawn and held to be sufficiently definite where the persons referred to were named as a class. It was intended that this incitement should come into the hands of soldiers the very class named in the statute. The incitement of an individual soldier was of small moment; it was the incitement of soldiers in the bulk which could alone be effective for any mischievous purposes. To say of this statute that while it was felony punishable with penal servitude for life to incite one individual soldier it was not an offence to incite the whole British Army was to reduce the statute to an absolute absurdity. (Cited R. v. Most, 7 Q.B.D., p. 244; 50 L.J. (M.C.), p. 113; 14 Cox, p. 583). Mr. Justice Horridge. At this point of the case I will say nothing more than that, in my view, the indictment sufficiently discloses an offence under the statute. Prisoners then pleaded Not guilty. The article the subject of the charge, published in the January number of the "Syndicalist," was as follows: "Open Letter to British Soldiers. Men, Comrades, Brothers, You are in the Army, so are we you in the Army of destruction, we in the industrial or army of construction. We work at mine, mill, forge, factory, or dock, etc., producing and transporting all the goods, clothing, stuffs, etc., which make it possible for people to live; you are working men's sons. When we go on strike to better our lot, which is the lot also of your fathers, mothers, brothers, and sisters, you are called upon by your officers to murder us. Don't do it. You know how it happens always has happened. We stand out as long as we can. Then one of our (of your) irresponsible brothers, goaded by the sight and thought of his and his loved one's misery and hunger, commits a crime on property. Immediately you are ordered to murder us, as you did at Mitchelstown, at Featherstone, at Belfast. Don't you know that when you are out of the Colours and become a civilian again that you, like us, may be on strike, and you, like us, be liable to be murdered by other soldiers? Boys, don't do it. Thou shall not kill,' says the Book. Don't forget that. It does not say unless you have a uniform on. No; murder is murder whether committed in the heat of anger on one who has wronged a loved one or by pipe-clayed Tommies with rifles. Boys, don't do it. Act the man! Act the brother! Act the human being! Property can be replaced! Human life never! The idle rich class who own and order you about own and order us about also. They and their friends own the land and means of life of Britain. You don't. We don't. When we kick they order you to murder us. When you kick you get court-martial and cells. Your fight is our fight. Instead of fighting against each other we should be fighting with each other. Out of our loins, our lives, our homes you come. Don't disgrace your parents, your class, by being willing tools any longer of the master class. You, like us, are of the slave class. When we rise you rise; when we fall, even by your bullets, ye fall also. England, with its fertile valleys and dells, its mineral resources, its sea harvests, is the heritage of ages to us. You, no doubt, joined the Army out of poverty. We work long hours for small wages at hard work because of our poverty, and both your poverty and ours arises from the fact that Britain, with its resources, belongs only to a few people. These few, owning Britain, own our jobs. Owning our jobs they own our very lives. Comrades, have we called in vain? Think things out, and refuse any longer to murder your kindred. Help us to win back Britain for the British and the world for the workers." GEORGE RILEY, inspector, special branch, New Scotland Yard. On March 8 I went to 9, Stainforth Road, Walthamstow; on the front of the house was the title "Buck Brothers." I saw B. E. Buck, and read the warrant to him; he made no reply. Subsequently C. E. Buck came in; I read to him the warrant, and he made no reply. On the same night I went to 4, Maud Terrace, Waltham stow. I waited until early in the following morning, when Bowman came in. I read the warrant to him. When I had got to the word "Syndicalist" he said, "All right, I know what it means; you need not read any more." I subsequently went to 9, Stainforth Road, and there found two printers' formes of type, apparently for the printing of the February number of the "Syndicalist." Sir F. Low objected to any evidence as to the February number; the indictment referred only to the article in the January number. Mr. Muir submitted that other writings of the accused might be given in evidence to show the meaning of the particular writing in question. (R. v. Robinson, 2 Leach, p. 749; R. v. Bouchier, 4 C.   P., 562.) Mr. Justice Horridge said that, in order to establish a prima facie case of printing, it was sufficient for the Crown to get the documents relating to the January number. Examination continued. I found this copy of the issue of January; on the last page are the words "Printed by Buck Brothers, (T.U.), 9, Stainforth Road, Walthamstow, and published by Guy Bowman at 4, Maud Terrace, Walthamstow." On page 2 is "The Syndicalist Printed under the auspices of the Industrial Syndicalist Education League. Offices, 4, Maud Terrace, Walthamstow. Monthly, one penny. Subscriptions, Great Britain or abroad, twelve months, 1s. 6d. Orders for subscriptions and copies of the paper and advertisements should be sent to the publisher, Guy Bowman, 4, Maud Terrace, Walthamstow." The number sets out a number of addresses at which the paper can be obtained; four in London, one in Birmingham, two in Manchester, two in Glasgow, one in Bristol. On page 3 appears the "Open Letter to British Soldiers." I also found a number of proofs of articles; a number of letters passing between the Bucks and Bowman; and account-books of Bucks' business. On going to 4, Maud Terrace, I found 14 copies of the January number; copy of a letter dated February 20, addressed to a Mr. Tobin ("Dear Comrade. I enclose a copy of No. 1 of the 'Syndicalist,' on the back of which you will find all particulars about the I.S.E.L. "); letter from a man at Rugby subscribing to the "Syndicalist "; copy of Bowman's acknowledgment of same. Cross-examined. I found no manuscript of the "Open Letter." CHARLES EDWIN ROBINS, assistant overseer for the part of the parish of Walthamstow which included 9, Stainforth Road, said that B. E. Buck had been occupier of that house since 1905. THOMAS RICHARD TEBBUTT, clerk to the Warner's Estates Company, Limited, owners of 4, Maud Terrace, said that Bowman had occupied that house for 2 1/2 years. Detective-sergeant THOMAS HANSEN, New Scotland Yard, said that on February 12 he purchased two copies of the January number of the "Syndicalist" from a newsagent at 1, St. Bride's Passage, Fleet Street; on March 14 he purchased a copy from a newsagent at 191, Old street, St. Luke's. No evidence was called for the defence. Verdict (against the three prisoners), Guilty on all counts. Sentences: Bowman, Nine months' hard labour; C. E. Buck, Six months' hard labour; B. E. Buck, Six months' hard labour; the sentences passed upon each count, and to run concurrently. A further indictment, for unlawfully uttering and publishing certain printed matter in the form of an article, entitled, "Open Letter to British Soldiers," contained in the "Syndicalist," with intent to seduce soldiers in the service of His Majesty the King from their allegiance, and to incite them to mutinous conduct, was ordered to remain on the file of the court. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Friday, March 22.) PEARCE, William, otherwise Jones (35, labourer), attempted burglary in the dwelling-house of Edwin Hale Banckham, with intent to steal therein. Mr. W. W. Grantham prosecuted; Mr. G. H. Head defended. EDWARD ALBERT GARDINER, salesman to E. H. Banckham, pawn-broker, 41, Crownfield Road, Ley ton. There is a side door of our shop in Ashlin Road. On February 28 I returned there about 11 p.m. I was lighting the gas in the shop when I heard a crackling noise at the side door. I came out to the front and saw a man on the kerb. Witness Cooper came out with me. I then went round to the door in Ashlin Road and saw prisoner coming away from the door. He walked up Ashlin Road feigning drunkenness. About 30 yards up Ashlin Road he threw away something which sounded like a piece of hard metal. I did not stop to see what it was. I blew a whistle I subsequently gave information to a policeman. I had then lost sight of prisoner and the other man. I afterwards found the skeleton key (produced) in Ashlin Road and handed it to the constable. Next morning at five o'clock I picked prisoner out from about 12 men. 1 had seen him several times in the previous three months. Cross-examined. He had a scarf round his neck, I could not say the colour, and a brownish coat. I did not notice his trousers. I saw prisoner last summer. I told the constable he was wearing brown clothes. When I went to identify I expected to see a man with brown clothes. I had not been told he would be wearing a brown suit, or that he would be wearing the same clothes as he did the night before. Most of the men were dressed as navvies. I only saw three in corduroy trousers. There was no other man in a brown suit. Re-examined. About last Christmas prisoner came to our front and tried to take an armchair, A customer came in and told us. We went to the front and saw prisoner with the chair outside 39, Crownfield Road. GEORGE WILLIAM COOPER, assistant to prosecutor, confirmed last witness. I knew prisoner well by sight. I identified him by his face, not by his clothes. Inspector HARDING, K Division. On February 29, at 2.45 a.m., I went to 41, Crownfield Road. I examined the door in Ashlin Road. I found a recent mark on the jamb of the door which was caused by a blunt instrument. I then made inquiries and afterwards went to 8, Florence Road, where prisoner lives. It was then 4 a.m. I asked if his name was Pearce; he said, "Yes "; I said, "You will have to come to the station with me. You answer the description of a man who was concerned with another in attempting to break and enter a pawnbroker's shop at Crownfield Road during the night." He asked me to come in. I went in with Constable Chambers. He said, "You have made a mistake." I said to him at the station, "I want to be quite fair with you. One of the witnesses gays he knows the man who was at the door well by the name of Pearce; so if you are not the man he knows by the name of Pearce you cannot be the man who attempted to break the door, but you can be put up for identification if you like." He said be would like to be put up for identification. He made no complaint as to the people he was put up with. Only one man had corduroy trousers. I was present whan Gardiner and Cooper identified him. When formally charged, he said, "You have made a mistake." The key produced was handed to me by the station serjeant. Police-constable FREDERICK CHAMBERS. In the early morning of February 29 I searched the road leading from prosecutor's premises. About 30 yards away, in Ashlin Road, I found this nail. (To the Court.) It would be very useful for wrenching off the locks of gasmeters when once the man got inside. Prisoner's statement. "At nine o'clock I arrived home. I had my supper with my wife and children and a lady named Mrs. Mallows, also my sister-in-law, Florence Rusby. About 10 o'clock I went to bed, where I remained till the officer came this morning. I am sure the witnesses are under a wrong impression and have made a great mistake, and I do not think it fair in the way I was placed among other men at the station, the class of men I was placed with at the station. The witness Cooper admits there was no other man dressed similarly to me there. I am entirely innocent of this charge." (Defence.) WILLIAM PEARCE (prisoner, on oath) On February 28 I arrived home about 8.30. I had supper with my wife and children and Mrs. Busby, my sister-in-law. She lives in the same house. Mrs. Mallows came in during the evening. While I was having my supper my wife asked me to chop up a box for firewood in the back yard. Before doing that I took the youngest child to bed. While I was in the bedroom Mrs. Mallows came in. She was in the kitchen as I went through to the yard. I said "Good night" to her at the time. After chopping up the box I sat with my wife about half an hour in the kitchen. We went to bed about 10. I called out "Good night" to Mrs. Rusby. I did not go out again. Cross-examined. I lived in Ashlin Road at one time. Mrs. Mallows did not have supper with us, as I said at the police court. What I was trying to explain was that Mrs. Mallows knew I was in the house at the time. Mrs. Rushy took her supper into the room where her child was, as it was crying. That was 8.45 or 8.50. I did not hear the constable knock. Mrs. Rusby shouted, "Somebody is knocking at the door "from her room. I got up and opened the door. I made no complaint when I was put up for identification. I did not know I could. There was nobody there anything like me; two or three had long beards; the majority were dressed as navvies. ANNIE PEARCE (prisoner's wife). My husband came home about 830. We had supper about nine. Soon afterwards he went to bed. He said "Good night" to Mrs. Rusby between 9 and 10. He did not go out again that night. Cross-examined. My husband is a dock labourer. He was out of work at the time. Mrs. Mallows did not have supper with us. She came in about 8.45. She did not stay long. I am a good sleeper. FLORENCE RUSBY. I live in the same house as the Pearces. I saw prisoner on February 28, about 8.30 p.m., in the kitchen. Before he went to bed he called out "Good night" to me. My suppe" is generally laid out in their room. That night I picked up my plate and took it in my own room because my boy, who is a cripple, called me. After that I did not hear anybody come in or go out of the house. Cross-examined. I did not see Mrs. Mallows there. She might have been in the bedroom or outside. Mrs. MALLOWS. On February 28 I went to prisoner's house between 8.45 and 9 p.m. 1 beard him call out, "Good night" soon after. I only saw him from the kitchen. He was not in the same room as myself. Cross-examined. I was not there long. As he said "Good night," he went up the passage towards the bedroom. It was the first time I had been in the house. Verdict, Not guilty. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Monday, March 25.) REED, Daniel Gardner (31, hairdresser), on January 23, 1912, having been lawfully sworn as a witness in a judicial proceeding, did unlawfully and wilfully make a statement material in that proceeding which he knew to be false. Mr. Metcalfe prosecuted; Mr. Salkeld Green defended. JAMES EDWARD JACKSON, clerk to the Justices, West Ham. I was in court when the summons was heard against Joseph James Green for assaulting a Miss Dyer He was bound over to keep the peace. I took a shorthand note. Prisoner said, "I am tenant to the defendant At 6.15 on December 18 I was having tea. I heard complainant shouting out, "Mr. Reed" three times. I opened the middle door The defendant had her by the hair of her head. She was holding his wrist trying to get free. I said, "Mr. Green, have you lost your senses?" He was pulling the girl back by her hair. A shelf was ton, down and a window was broken. I did not see her fall down, In cross-examination he said, "The first thing I heard was a broken window. I was in the front shop. The defendant was the first to fall in. He was falling with his hands in her hair. He was pulling her with him." The case was one of assault. It did not matter whether he pulled her by the hair or wrists. He admitted he pulled her by her wrists. JOSEPH JAMES GREEN, 1a, Andrew Street, Silvertown. Miss Dyer occupies part of the same premises that I do. Prisoner also occupied a shop as my tenant. He was occupying that shop on the 18th when the disturbance arose. At 6.5 p.m. that day I was returning from work. I went in through the gates to the backyard. I heard Miss Dyer say, "Do you see anything, you sneak?. She sprang at me. I clutched at her in the dark by the wrist and arm in self-defence. We were going backwards. I fell into Reed's shop, breaking the glass of the door. Miss Dyer partly fell. I did mot see anything of Reed till I was getting up. He was in the corner of the shop, two yards from me. It was impossible for him to see what was taking place in the yard or anything till I burst through his door. I heard him give evidence at the police court. I gave him notice to quit on January 26. On January 30 prisoner handed me a letter, saying, "It is a letter making an apology for what happened at the police court. I said, "All right, I will come down presently. I read the letter upstairs. Next day I went with my wife into prisoner's shop. I said to him, "What about this letter you gave me last night. I said, "Are you going to stand by this, and are you going to help me all you can to put it right?. He said, "I will. I said, "You know you went up there and told lies. He said, "Yes, I did," and he was saying how he had been led away by the Dyers and he should never do it again, he would never go near them in fact, and he hoped I would be as lenient as I could with him. I wanted him to go up to the magistrate with me the morning I was ordered to go up. He said it was late and he did not want the shop to be closed any longer. I tried my utmost to get him to go up in a friendly way. I said, "You will get a good talking to, no doubt. I want you to substantiate what you wrote in the letter. He did not seem, inclined. I went to the court and saw Mr. Jackson. He had a doubt as to whether Reed had written the letter. I came back and said to Reed, "You may be called on Saturday, and that is your busy day. Will you give me something in writing verifying that first letter?. He said, "I will be only too pleased rather than he away, as it is an awkard day" He then wrote the letter of February 22. The wording is partly his. Cross-examined. I intended to bring him to book. That is why I went to the police court and why I wanted the second letter. I had already intimated to him that I was going to get him into trouble for swearing falsely. I was trying to trap him, if you call it a trap. They trapped me. Nearly the whole of the letter he wrote voluntarily. I cannot remember what part I dictated. I did not dictate, "I should never have given evidence only I was pressed to say what I did by Dyers' solicitor. He did not say Dyers' solicitor; he said Mr. Robinson. He said he never saw Mr. Robinson, so my wife said, "What do you want to put it down for then?. John Filman swore he saw me holding Miss Dyer by the hair. He was not there. Miss Dyer is committing perjury. Prisoner will tell you why the boy is committing perjury. I suggest he got the boy to commit perjury with the aid of Miss Dyer. I could have got rid of prisoner by giving him a week's notice. His living depended on me. When Mrs. Dyer approached him about giving evidence he said, "I cannot very well; he may give me a week's notice." He told me that himself. I did not say that at the police court, but it was put before the solicitor in writing. I did not know prisoner attended there on subpoena. It was my business before I let it to prisoner. On January 26, when I gave him notice, I was alone. I did not say, "I will make you humbly apologise and go on your hands and knees." I am not aware that a man named Ryland went there for me and asked for an apology. I have not heard of it. I withdrew my notice verbally. I got the summons for perjury to clear my character. SARAH GREEN, wife of the last witness. On December 18 I came down just as my husband and Miss Dyer passed our back door into the barber's shop. With one hand he had hold of her arm and his dinner dishes in the other and, and in her hand she had his cap. He did not have hold of her hair at any time. Reed was then in his shop. He could not see because the door was shut. I went with my husband to Reed's shop on January 31. My husband said to Reed, "Do you mean what you said in this letter." Reed said yes. My husband said, "Are you willing to stand by it." Reed said yes. My husband said, "Are you willing to go up to court with me and have this put right." Reed said, "Yes, and I am very sorry, Mr. Green, I said that in court, but I was led away and talked over by the Dyers." I went there again with my husband on February 22. Reed then and there wrote Exhibit 5. He did it willingly enough, only some of the words he asked my husband whether it would read better this way, and my husband told him. I witnessed it afterwards and Reed said he was most pleased to do it. Cross-examined. My husband told Reed he was going to take him up to the court; he did not say anything about locking him up. I did not hear Saturday mentioned or any day. Inspector WILLIAM BURRELL. On February 27 I served a summons upon prisoner to appear at the West Ham Police Court. I read it to him. He said, "This is all through the letter I wrote. It was dictated to me by Mr. Green. They have all been at me, first one and then the other. Mrs. Dyer got me to give false evidence first and then Mr. Green got me to write the letter. I did not know what I was doing. They are a dangerous lot. They worried me to death. They have dragged me into this. I will attend." Cross-examined. He was excited and agitated a bit. He is a man of excellent character. (Defence.) DANIEL GARDNER REED (prisoner, on oath). On December 18 I was in the shop with the boy Filman. I was having tea. Green came through the door; his back was towards me; he was followed by Miss Dyer. He was holding her by the hair. I got up and asked him if he had lost his senses. He knocked a shelf down and broke three shaving mugs. I was afterwards served with a subpoena to attend the police court. The evidence I gave was the solemn truth. On January 26 Green came to see me; he called Rylands into the shop. He gave me notice to quit and told me he would make me go on my hands and knees and humbly apologise to him and shake hands with him for what I had done. Next day I had some conversation with Rylands. Eventually I wrote the letter of January 30 in Rylands' kitchen. I do not know who dictated it; it was made out before I got there; I copied it. Rylands put the original on the fire. I wrote it so that I would not get turned out of the business to starve my wife and four children. It was done under threats. The next night the notice to quit was withdrawn. I was asked if I adhered to what was in the letter; I simply said, "You have the letter." On February 22 Green came to my shop and said he wished me to go before Mr. Jackson and make a statement. He said he was going to take out a summons against a young man who had set about him the night previous. I did not compose the letter of February 22. Green dictated it to me. He said he would post it to the court. The same morning he offered me 4s. to go up to the court, but I would not. I did not tell the officer that Mrs. Dyer got me to give false evidence. When he gave me the summons I said, "That is what I get for copying letters, "or, "what I have got by writing letters. I have never seen Mr. Robinson to speak to him. Cross-examined. I can bear witness to say I never said that Mrs. Dyer got me to give false evidence. My evidence at West Ham was correct. I wrote the two letters under pressure. The statements in them are not true. JOHN FILMAN, lather boy. On December 18 I was working at Mr. Reed's. About 6.30 I heard the door open, then the window broke. Mr. Green came in backwards. When we heard the window break Mr. Reed jumped up from having his tea and opened the door which led into the shop and Mr. Green fell into his arms. Mr. Reed called out, "Green, you are going mad. "Green had hold of Miss Dyer by the hair. Cross-examined. Mrs. Dyer talked to me between December 18 and January 23. She told me to say what I said at Stratford before the magistrate. Re-examined. I told the magistrate what I had seen. Police-constable CHISNELL, 86 K R. On December 18 I was called to la, Andrew Street, Silvertown. I went in the shop and saw Miss Dyer crying. I afterwards saw Green, and told him Miss Dyer had told me he had been pulling her hair, He said, "Well, she started on me first, and I protected myself." ETHEL DYER. I assist my mother in her confectionery and tobacconist's business. On December 18 I went to the back to get bicycle out of the stable. Someone came in the gate. It was very dark. I thought it was the gentleman for his bicycle. I said, "Oh, here's your bike. "I was called a filthy name. I did not recognise the voice then. Somebody caught hold of me. I found out afterwards it was Green. He caught me by the hair of the head, and I really did not remember anything more until I got down by the bottom of the yard by the door. I heard the window smash. I called out, "Oh Mr. Reed." I do not remember anything again till I was up on my feet in the barber's shop. I was afterwards seen by the doctor. Cross-examined. Green has not taken proceedings against us before, but we have against him. We are continually quarrelling about the right to use the gates. We say we have the exclusive right. The gates lead from the yard to the street. I am not violent. I have never had words with anybody else. I did not nail Mr. Green in the w. c. I do not know who did. I do not know if he was imprisoned there. I am not always trying to interfere with him. He has used the gates many times, and I have never interfered with him. I did not use the word "sneak." I did not hear him say, "Mind your own business." I did not strike him or catch hold of his cap. I had his cap in my hand when I got up off the floor, but how I got it I do not remember. Verdict, Not guilty. BEFORE MR. JUSTICE HORRIDGE. (Wednesday, March 20.) CHURCHMAN, Ernest (43), was indicted for and charged on the Coroner's inquisition with the wilful murder of Emma Churchman. Mr. Muir, Mr. Leycester, and Mr. Adrian Clark prosecuted; Mr. Curtis Bennett and Mr. Ronald Cruickshank defended. Prisoner pleaded guilty to manslaughter, which plea was accepted by the prosecution, and a verdict of Guilty of manslaughter was returned. Mr. Justice Horridge, stating that prisoner had been evidently submitted to a long course of provocation by his wife, whom he had killed, sentenced him to Five years' penal servitude. STEVENS, Richard James (35, postman) pleaded guilty, of stealing a postal packet containing two postal-orders for 10s. and 4s. 6d. respectively, and four penny postage stamps, the property of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, he being an officer of the Post Office. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour. MOORE, Hildebert (19, assistant postman) pleaded guilty, of stealing a postal packet containing a postal-order for  1, the property of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, he being an officer of the Post Office. Prisoner had been an assistant postman since last August at 14s. 6d. a week for five hours a day. He had admitted stealing 11 other postal-orders since November. He was stated to be the main support of his mother, with whom he lived. Sentence postponed till next Session. JOYCE, Charles George (31, auxiliary postman) pleaded guilty, of stealing a postal packet containing a ring, the property of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, he being an officer of the Post Office. Prisoner had been employed by his uncle, a marine store dealer, but owing to the coal strike, he had been able to earn very little by this means, and had found great difficulty in supporting his mother and himself. Evidence was called on his behalf as to his respectable character. Only two cases of stealing postal packets were known against him. Sentence: Four months' imprisonment, second division. KINSETT, John (37, traveller), ETHERIDGE, Thomas (27, carman), and NEAL, Walter (34, carman), breaking and entering the warehouse of John Richard Fielder and another, and stealing therein eight cigars, two fountain pens, and six pencils, their goods; Kinsett feloniously receiving ten blouses and one bag, the goods of Joseph Felix, well knowing them to have been stolen. All prisoners pleaded guilty to the indictment relating to Fielder. Kinsett pleaded not guilty to the Felix indictment. Neal confessed to a previous conviction of felony at the Clerkenwell Sessions on February 20, 1910. Kinsett had never been convicted before. Particulars of his different employments were given; he had been en associate for some years of the other two prisoners. As to Etheridge, in 1906 he was convicted as a rogue and vagabond; two convictions in 1907 were proved, one for unlawful possession and one for loitering; he had been in the service of two railway companies, but had been discharged from both for keeping bad time. Neal's conviction was for warehouse breaking; he was sentenced to 18 months' hard labour. Sentences: Kinsett, Six months' hard labour; Etheridge, Twelve months' hard labour; Neal, Eighteen months' hard labour. CHANDLER, Frederick (38, acrobat), feloniously wounding Frederick Harris with intent to do him grievous bodily harm; feloniously throwing corrosive fluid at and upon Frederick Harris with intent to disable him and to do him grievous bodily harm and applying to him a certain destructive substance, with intent to disable him; stealing one coat, the goods of Margaret Sohaack. Mr. Hardy prosecuted. The first indictment was proceeded with. FREDERICK HARRIS, jeweller. On March 6 I received this letter, dated March 5 and signed "Fred Chandler," stating "Dear Harris. I have just returned to town and want a stone, about 2 carats, white. If you can manage to call at my place at lunch time, about 12.30, I should be obliged. "I went to 9, Duchess Street, the address on the letter, and asked for Mr. Chandler; I had not known him before. I was shown upstairs and saw his wife. After about five minutes prisoner came in. He said, "You are not the man I meant, but anyhow, let me have a look at what you have got." I showed him some jewellery, and he selected about a dozen articles worth  199. There were two brooches; one had some stones missing, which he wanted replaced, and one he wanted made into another article of jewellery. He asked me to return at 3 p.m. and he would have the money, which had come from Sydney, ready. I returned at that time, and he said he had been to his bank and he expected a messenger from there with the money. I waited till five, and I said I would not wait any longer, and offered to go to the bank with him. I went with him to Oxford Street, where it was supposed to be; I think he said it was the London and Westminster. When he got to Oxford Street he said, "It is rather late now. If you will call at my flat to-morrow morning at 11 o'clock I will have the money waiting for you." On the next day, April 7, I called there at that time and saw his wife. Prisoner arrived about two or three minutes afterwards. I asked him if he had got the money from his bank, and he said, "Yes; everything was all right." He went into the bedroom. I was looking out of the dining-room window when I received a terrible smash on the head from the back. I tried to smash the window. He squirted ammonia in my face. He said to his wife, who was sitting down, "Run!"She ran out and he followed her. I collected my goods and gave chase. I had to give up, and got into a taxi and told the driver to drive to the nearest doctor. On arriving there the doctor said I was reeking with ammonia. I told him I had been assaulted, and he went for a policeman. A constable came when I was bathing my head, and I went with him to Duchess Street, where I saw prisoner. He said to me, "Harris, you won't charge me, will you, after all these years I have known you?" I said, "I have never seen you in my life until yesterday for the first time." He said, "I am sorry. It was a sudden impulse.' He said nothing about my having assaulted his wife; she first time I heard the suggestion was at the station. Cross-examined by prisoner. I am the son of Mr. Harris, jeweller, of Houndsditch. I did not see you in. Hatton Garden five months ago and offer you a pearl pin. I may have bought a pearl pin at that time. I bought one from Mr. Leicester. I did not meet you at the corner of Wardour Street four months ago and show you a diamond ring which I valued at  38 10s.; I did not have a ring weighing 3 1/2 carats at that time; I had one weighing 1 1/4 carats at  36 a carat. I have been to a Mr. Marks to buy a ring, but I did not go with you; I offered to buy a ring that was marked  60, and weighing about 2 1/2 carats. I tried to sell a Mr. Green a pearl pin; I offered one for  9 10s., and said I would give  9 Hack for it, but we did not do any business. I never met you the day before you wrote to me. You did not throw the ginger-beer bottle at me; you hit me with it. I was not sitting down at the time. Neither of you attempted to touch my bag containing the jewellery. I did not pick up the indiarubber bottle and throw it at you as you were going down the stairs. When I looked through the jewellery at the station everything was all right. I do not remember your saying to me afterwards, "You had better consider before you charge me." I told the doctor at the station that I felt all right and that I was only a bit shaken. I did not say at the police court that I was not sure if you had hit me. It was three days before I was able to go back to work. I did not tell your land-lord that you were a friend of mine. THOMAS ROSE, divisional surgeon. At 12.15 p.m. on March 7 I examined the prosecutor. He was suffering from a contused wound on the right side of the head; it was H shaped. He also had a scratch on the right side of the nose, which might have been caused by the naii. His tongue and the inside of his lower lip were acutely inflamed, caused by some corrosive fluid. This ginger-beer bottle (produced) might have caused the wound on the head. The green bottle contains strong fluid of ammonia, and this syringe (Exhibit 3) smells very strongly of ammonia. I could smell it on the prosecutor. To prisoner. I do not remember his saying, "I feel all right, but a bit upset." He has not been permanently injured. (To the Jury.) By experimenting I find the syringe can squirt as much as 18 ft. Police-constable JOHN WELSBY, 439 D. On March 7 I saw prisoner running across Woburn Place: I gave chase and caught him. There was blood on his face and collar and he had no hat on. I asked him what he was running for, and he said, "I have had a row with a friend of mine, and I hit him with a bottle. I do not think I hurt him. I hope I have not hurt him as much as I think I have. "I asked him where it occurred, and he said, "At 9, Duchess Street." I accompanied him there. I asked the boy who came to the door where the man was that had been hit. and he said he had gone to the doctor. I sent another police constable to find where he had prone to, and I went with prisoner to the first floor front room. Underneath a chair, behind the door, I found this ginger-beer bottle; there is a piece knocked off it. I said to him, "What's this?" and he said, "That's what I hit him with." I walked to the door, and noticed on the bend of the staircase this syringe. The boy brought it up at my request. I smelt it, and it was so strong that I turned my head away. Prisoner snatched it out of my hand and said, "That is liquid I use." He squirted the contents on the carpet; they smelt like ammonia. I took that from him. He said, "What would you do, constable, if he assaulted your wife?" I made no reply. Prosecutor then arrived, and said he would charge him. On the way to the station prisoner said, "I have lost a pocket-book with  200 in it." I told him to tell that to the inspector. A little way on he said, "Can I charge him with assaulting my wife as well?" I made no reply. At the station when charged he made no reply. He did not charge prosecutor with assaulting his wife, and so far as I am concerned he never gave any further information about the  200 that he said had been lost. To prisoner. I do not remember you looking round when you were running and then stopping and walking towards me; you ran round a water-van to avoid me. I do not remember your saying when the syringe was found, "That is what Harris threw at me." I took down everything you said. When you squirted the ammonia out you never said anything about using it for clothes. The statements you made in the house I wrote down at the time; those you made on the way to the station I wrote down at the station before you were charged. JACOB WILLIAM PEWY. I live at 9, Duchess Street, where I let lodgings. On March 4 prisoner came with his wife and took a sitting and bedroom at  2 5s. a week. He paid 10s. deposit. He brought no luggage; they said that would follow. Nothing came when they were there. On March 6 I saw prosecutor leaving the premises. I followed him. To prisoner. I know nothing about the advertisement offering  40 reward for 5-mill notes lost near Duchess Street. I asked prosecutor if he was doing any business with you, and he said, "No; he is a friend of mine." Detective-sergeant BEX. About 12 noon on March 7 I saw prisoner at the Tottenham Court Road Police Station. I asked him if he wished to give me any information about the loss of his money to enable me to try and trace it for him. He said, "I will give all the information to my solicitor." He had a solicitor representing him at the police court. I went to 9, Duchess Street, where, in his bedroom, I found this green bottle, containing a small quantity of ammonia, and this funnel, which is made to fit the syringe. (Defence.) LIONEL GREEN jeweller, 36, Wardour Street. (To prisoner.) On December 29 you bought a wedding-ring from me. A week before I believe Mr. Harris called at my shop to look at single-stone ring. I believe he showed me a ring he had and some pearls. He offered a customer in my shop a pearl weighing six grains for  9 10s., and offered to give  9 for it. I did no business with him. I believe you. were in the shop at the same time; you looked at the ring I was showing to Mr. Harris at the same time. I think he showed you a large stone as well. (To the Court.) I can only say that at that time Harris and prisoner were together; I cannot say if they came in together. Cross-examined. I have been sentenced to 12 months' for receiving stolen property. LEON SASSIENIE, working jeweller, 16, Hatton Garden. (To prisoner.) I have known you about 12 months. I have done several jobs for you; I have done two or three things to your design. I have seen you several times in Hatton Garden. (Wednesday, April 24.) NELLIE ROBERTS. I am the wife of the prisoner, whose name is Roberts. On the day of the assault prisoner opened a bottle of ginger-beer for me. He went out at about 11 a.m. Prosecutor called, and was showing me some jewellery when prisoner returned. As the door opened I was handing prosecutor back a hairpin when the prisoner attacked him. I did not see the assault, but became frightened and ran out of the room. On the previous Tuesday I bought prisoner threepennyworth of ammonia to clean some clothes; he said he had broken the bottle, and he put the ammonia in an indiarubber bottle, filling it with water. Prisoner is jealous and irritable. Cross-examined. I was married to prisoner about four months ago. We then lived for a month in Tollington Square under the name of Ford; this was at my request. We then went to 9, Duchy Street in the name of Chandler. Prisoner told me he had lost a pocket-book containing  200, and that a  50 note had been taken from his coat. I do not know anything about it, or whether he has recovered it, or given information to the police. When prisoner struck prosecutor my head was turned; I heard prosecutor scream; I saw nothing at all. I simply rushed out of the room, out of the house, and into an empty house somewhere. I have stated all I remember. FREDERICK CHANDLER (prisoner, not on oath), stated that, believing prosecutor was behaving improperly to his wife, he lost his temper, seized the ginger-beer bottle, and struck him on the head on the spur of the moment; that he made no attempt to throw ammonia, and that the smell was caused by its having been spilt in the room. Verdict, Guilty of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm. Prisoner confessed to having been sentenced at this court on September 7, 1909, to 15 months' hard labour for obtaining money by false pretences. Other convictions proved: South London Sessions, October 10, 1900, nine months for housebreaking; June 14, 1905, 15 months' for conspiracy to defraud. Sentence: Five years' penal servitude. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (Tuesday, April 23.) OLARK, James (48, stoker) pleaded guilty, guilty of feloniously possessing two moulds in and upon which was impressed the obverse and reverse sides of a shilling; unlawfully possessing counterfeit coin with intent to utter the same. Nine previous convictions, commencing May 27, 1881, and including seven and five years' penal servitude for coining, were proved, prisoner having been last released on July 18, 1911, with a remanet of 280 day. Sentence: Five years' penal servitude. HUDSON, Elizabeth (25, laundress) pleaded guilty, of unlawfully uttering counterfeit coin; unlawfully possessing counterfeit coin with intent to utter the same. Three convictions were proved, including one with a sentence of 18 months' at Middlesex Sessions on March 6, 1909, for stealing jewellery. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. BAKER, William (40, traveller), felonious possession of a mould on which was impressed the obverse and reverse resemblance of a sovereign. Prisoner was tried upon this indictment at the last Session (see preceding volume, p. 766); he pleaded guilty, and was sentenced. He appealed against the conviction, on the ground that in pleading "Guilty" he had misunderstood the charge, and that there were informalities in the taking of his plea. The Court of Criminal Appeal (7 Cr. App. R., p. 217) allowed the appeal, directing prisoner to be put back to the present Session, and again called upon to plead. Prisoner now pleaded Not Guilty. Mr. Robert Wilkinson prosecuted. Detective-sergeant CHARLES LEE, W Division. At 10.30 p.m. on February 20 I went to 20, Darley Road, Wandsworth, and saw prisoner's wife. In the front room first floor I found an iron spoon containing molten metal lying in the fender, a plaster of Paris mould of a King George sovereign, dated 1911, and two half-moulds on a cup-board, three bottles of Owbridge's lung tonic in the cupboard, a bottle of liquid gold gilt, and some boxes of gilding material (produced). I then saw prisoner at the Streatham Police Station, showed him the mould, and told him that the sovereign bearing the impression of King George and the other property was found at his address last night. He replied, "I have been trying to make medals." I did not find any medals at his house. On February 28, at the rear of the Southwestern Police Court, prisoner was charged with possessing this mould and with two cases of uttering a gilded shilling and a counterfeit sovereign; he made no reply. I was present when prisoner was picked out from nine other men by Dickinson. Flint gave me this counterfeit sovereign (produced). Saunders handed me this gilded shilling (produced). Cross-examined by prisoner. Your wife did not tell me that you were making medals; you told me you were trying to make medals. When charged you did not say it was a lie. JANE JONES, wife of John Jones, 20, Darley Road. A week after last Christmas prisoner and his wife took a first floor front room at my house at a rental of 3s. 6d.; he lived there till his arrest. To prisoner. I never saw you making any coins; I was very surprised when this charge was made. WILLIAM V. SAUNDERS, 57, Old Town Clapham, chemist On the evening of January 18 a woman called at my shop and made a communication, in consequence of which I despatched by my errand boy (Dickinson) a bottle of extract of cod-liver oil and malt and a bottle of Bovril, costing altogether 2s. 3d., and 17s. 9d. change, for a sovereign, and told him to go to Macaulay Road. A short time afterwards he came back and handed me this gilded shilling (produced). I sent him back again to Macaulay Road with a syphon of soda water. I afterwards handed the gilded shilling to the police. To prisoner. I do not remember ever seeing you in my shop. WILLIAM DICKINSON, errand boy to the last witness. In the evening of January 18 the last witness gave me a bottle of cod-liver oil and malt, and a bottle of Bovril, and 17s. 9d. to take to 6, Macaulay Road. When I had got to within a door of 6, Macaulay Road prisoner came up to me, and said, "Are you going to 6, Macaulay Road?" I said, "Yes" He said, "Give me the goods and the change." I did so, and he gave me what appeared to be a sovereign and told me to get a syphon of soda water. I went back to the shop and handed the coin to Mr. Saunders. I took a syphon of soda water to 6, Macaulay Road, but in consequence of what they told me I took it back again. On March 6 at the police court I picked prisoner out from among eight or nine other men as being the man to whom I had given the goods on January 18. To prisoner. When I met you it was dark. When I picked you out I said I "thought" you were the man; I made sure afterwards. (To the Judge.) I am now sure he is the man. FREDERICK WILLIAMS, 6, Macaulay Road, Clapham. Neither I nor anybody in my house ever ordered any Bovril or cod-liver oil and malt from Mr. Saunders' shop. Nobody but myself and family live at 6, Macaulay Road. CHARLES FLINT, 264, Brown Hill Road, Catford, chemist, trading as "The Amorax Manufacturing Company." At about 6.30 p.m. on February 16 prisoner came into my shop; in consequence of what he said I gave my errand boy (Newey) a bottle of Bovril and a bottle of Owbridge's lung tonic, and 18s. 2d. I wrote the address on the wrapper on this bottle of lung tonic (produced). When Newey came back he handed me this coin (produced). To prisoner. When you were put up for identification among a number of other men at the police court I picked out another man; he was stout but taller than you. (To the Judge.) I was flurried at the moment; directly after when I saw him before the magistrate I was sure that prisoner was the man who came to my shop. CHARLES NEWEY, errand boy to the last witness. On February 16 Mr. Flint gave me a bottle of Bovril, 18s. 2d., and a bottle of lung tonic, on the label of which was written "104, Ardgowan Road." When I had got within ten doors of 104, Ardgowan Road, a man, whom I cannot properly identify, came up to me and said, "Have you got the goods?" I said, "Yes." He said, "Could you run back and get a syphon of soda?" I said, "We have not got any syphons; we have sold out, we have some pint bottles of soda." He said, "That will do run back." As I was going he said, "Give me the change for the sovereign." I gave him the 18s. 2d., and he gave me a coin which looked like a sovereign (produced), which I gave to Mr. Flint. We were half way between two lampposts when I met prisoner. To prisoner. I could not pick you out. DAVID ALLEN HISLOP, 104, Ardgowan Road, Catford. On February 16. I ordered nothing whatever from Flint's shop. I know 17. nothing of prisoner; he never lived at 104, Ardgowan Road. SIDNEY WILLIAM SMITH, Assistant Assayer, H.M. Mint. The mould (produced) is suitable for making counterfeit sovereigns of the present reign, dated 1911. The coins (produced) are a good shilling gilded, and a counterfeit sovereign, dated 1911. (To the Court.) My impression is that the mould had been used. To prisoner. There are also a plaster impression bearing some resemblance to the King's head, with "George V." on it, and a rough plaster impression of a heart-shaped design, bearing the letters "G. R." inside. (To the Judge.) There is also a gilding mixture made of finely divided copper. (Defence.) WILLIAM BAKER (prisoner, on oath). During the last four years I have been getting an honest living by selling haberdashery and small toys to little shops, and each year in the summer time when there is anything particular on I have been in the habit of making Coronation medals, Empire medals, and Boatrace favours, with the idea of selling them at shops to help to get a living. On the Sunday before my arrest I met a man whom I know fairly well, and he said, "I have got something that will suit you; I have got three or four bottles of cough mixture, and I will bring it over on Sunday morning if you get the beer in." I said, "I do not know about getting the beer in, but if you bring it over I daresay you will find a glass of stout there." On the Sunday he came and brought with him three bottles of Owbridge's lung tonic, for which I gave him 1s. He then said, "I have got something that will suit you for your Empire favours this year," and he gave me the sovereign mould (produced). I did not even look at it; I put it on the dresser and went out, and there the detective found it when he called on the Tuesday. I was arrested on suspicion of loitering, and the detective asked my address, and, not being frightened I had nothing to fear as I thought I gave him my right address, where he found these things. The following morning he came to me at the police station and told me what he had found, and I said, "Yes; I had those for making medals for the Coronation and Empire." I did not even know at the time that it was a mould of a sovereign. (Wednesday, April 24.) WILLIAM BAKER (prisoner), recalled, cross-examined. It is true that I was convicted here in 1907 for housebreaking; I was also convicted in 1903 for picking pockets. Since my last release I have been getting an honest living; I borrowed a few pounds and got some stock in haberdashery, etc., and sold it to small shops. Every summer I made Empire medals and Boatrace favours. I got the patterns from a shilling or a sixpence. The man who met me at Clapham I had not seen for two years; his name is Willis, and he goes to race meetings a lot. We went and had a drink and he said he would bring over some cough mixture as I said I had a shocking cold. I told him where I lived, and he brought it over on the Sunday. He then said, "I have got a mould which will give you a fine impression for your Empire favours, and he gave it to me. It was a well known thing that I was making medals. My wife has any quantity of moulds. I gave Willis a glass of stout from my wife's bottle and a shilling. He gave me three bottles of lung tonic. (To the Court.) This was the mould for making sovereigns. This was on the Sunday evening before my arrest. I did not touch the tonic; I had some of my own stuff. ELIZABETH PARKINS, 50, Langroyd Road, Upper Tooting. Seven years ago prisoner lived with me. He lived with me about 12 months, and then left. He returned to me about four years ago to where I was living at Noina Road. He then started-making these moulds for medals for the Boatrace, the King Edward's Memorial, and the Coronation. Last winter he spent three or four nights a week with me; his wife and I are great friends. I should not think it was possible for him to make bad money, because the coins he made did not turn oat perfect by a long way. Cross-examined. He left me again finally about 12 months ago. I do not know what be has been doing since then, nothing more than he has been travelling in haberdashery and other things. I have visited him and his wife at 20, Darley Road, but I have not stayed in the house. LOUISA BAKER, wife of prisoner. At the time of prisoner's arrest I was living with him at 20, Darley Road. I have also lived with him at 47, Langroyd Road with Mrs. Parkins. My husband had these moulds" in order to make medals for the Memorial of King "Edward and the Coronation of King George, and he was just going to start the Boatrace favours when he was arrested. He has also been selling haberdashery and gas mantles; he sold two or three dozen gas mantles on the day he was arrested. When King George's money first came out he had halfpennies and threepenny pieces for the plain impression, and destroyed them as soon as he had got what he wanted. This mould for making sovereigns, which he is accused of feloniously possessing, he got for making a medal as a Boatrace favour; he told me so two days before he was arrested. It was lying about, he did not put it away anywhere. For making these medals he heated lead in a tablespoon; he never made any coin; he never had the things to do it with. On the Sunday morning before he was arrested a man called at our house and he and prisoner went to have a drink; when they came back prisoner showed me the mould and three bottles of Owbridge's lung tonic, which he said the man had given him. They were put back on the side and never opened until the detective found them. On the evening of January 18 we were at 47, Langroyd Road. At 11 p.m. on February 20 the detective called and told me that my husband had been arrested for loitering at Streatham. He then took the sovereign mould and a star medal mould. I told him there were several different kinds of moulds. He said, as far as I recollect, that those he had would be enough. There were several moulds lying about. I produce a packet of moulds which my husband used for making medals. I have seen my husband making medals. Sergeant LEE, recalled. Although I searched the house I could only find the two moulds I have produced; it is untrue to say that other moulds were lying about. Mrs. Baker did not tell me that there were other moulds. Verdict, Guilty. A further indictment for passing counterfeit coin was not proceeded with. Two previous convictions were proved. Sentence: Three years' penal servitude. BEFORE MR. JUSTICE COLERIDGE. (Wednesday, April 24.) TEBBITT (30, agent), was indicted for feloniously shooting at Charles Berg with intent to murder him, and with intent to resist his (Tebbitt's) lawful apprehension; feloniously shooting at Leopold de Rothschild with intent to murder him. Mr. Bodkin prosecuted; Mr. Muir defended. Mr. Bodkin stated that from reports which had come to him he had reason to think that prisoner was not fit to plead. The jury were first sworn to try whether prisoner was fit to plead to the indictments. THEOPHILUS BULKELEY HYSLOP, M.D., 5, Portland Place. On March 8 and April 22 I saw prisoner in Brixton Prison, and had lengthy interviews with him. I found him to be suffering from a condition of chronic delusional insanity, with ideas of persecution in a special way; he thought that he was persecuted indirectly through Mr. Rothschild, and that a tutor of chemistry at King's College had been indirectly influenced by Mr. Rothschild to make a wrong equation of some chemical formula, and that this error had upset him very much, and he thought that, as there was nothing else left to do, he was in duty bound to retaliate upon Mr. Rothschild. It seemed to me, from what I gathered from his history, that this condition had been gradually growing from February last year. I should consider prisoner very dangerous if at large. In fact, he volunteered the information to me that if he were allowed to be free, if his studies were interfered with in that way, there would be no other course left open to him than to retaliate in that way. I do not consider him to be in a fit condition to give proper instructions for his defence, because, under my very mild cross-questioning, he became confused, irrelevant, and, incoherent. Cross-examined. He is in some respects fairly intelligent. I know he very strongly resents the suggestion that he is insane, and desires his sanity to be established in the course of this inquiry; that is the usual rule. That does not shake my belief; 99 out of 100 persons who are suffering from mental diseases deny the fact. I know he is very studious. I have heard that since I examined him for the first time he desired to be examined by another mental expert. He did not accept my view that he is insane. SIDNEY REGINALD DYER, Medical Officer, Brixton Prison. Prisoner has been confined there since March 4. He has been under constant observation, and I have had several very long interviews with him. I have heard the evidence of Dr. Hyslop with regard to his delusional insanity. Prisoner has told me about the tutor in chemistry at King's College having been influenced by Mr. Rothschild, and has said that if he was interfered with, personally, in this way, he thought he was justified in shooting the origin of it. I think he is very dangerous. I should call him a homicidal maniac. I think he is so demented by these delusions that he is incapable of giving intelligent instructions for his defence. Cross-examined. He is rather an intelligent type, and he talks rationally on most subjects, but he is so obsessed with delusions that they rather seem to percolate into other topics, and he becomes incoherent. He talks coherently and intelligently on labour matters and politics, and, to a certain extent, he is quite understandable; then these delusions of persecution seem to come into them. He communicated with the head of the Labour Party to nominate a mental expert to examine him, which I regard as a very intelligent thing to do. Mr. Muir. I have taken instructions from the defendant. He was examined by this gentleman, who was nominated for him by the gentleman who is at the head of the Labour Party, and the defendant does not desire that gentleman to be called. Chief Inspector JOHN WILLIS, City Police. I was present at the Mansion House at the last hearing of this case before the Lord Mayor. At the end of the case the usual caution was given, and prisoner was asked whether he had anything to say. His behaviour was most extraordinary; be wanted to initial every page of the information and the statement made by him that was written down: he protested that he was unable to initial every particular sheet. He then objected also to the two different kinds of paper being used. He insisted on making the statement viva voce, instead of putting in his written statement, and afterwards refused to sign it until he initialled each sheet. The statement is as follows: "I have reason to suppose that there is a general impression that I was insane at the time 1 made my attempt on the life of Mr. de Rothschild. I consider I was perfectly sane, and think an impartial reading of the police evidence will support my opinion. I am completing a full statement of the motives for my action, which are mainly political, and which I will read to the judge who tries me. I take this opportunity of saying that no reliance can be placed upon any report, speeches, statement, etc., of other people, which purport to contain expressions of my view." It was obvious that prisoner suspected the bona fides of the way in which his statement was being taken, and he wanted to protect himself against any misapprehension of anything he said. The statement was taken in the ordinary course. The jury found that prisoner was fit to plead. (Thursday, April 25.) Prisoner pleaded guilty to all counts of the two indictments. Mr. Bodkin said that prisoner was the son of parents of the highest respectability, members of the Jewish community. His father used to attend the Central Synagogue, which Mr. Leopold de Rothschild also attended. In that way, a good many years ago, Mr. Rothschild through knowing his father also got to know prisoner and took a kindly interest in him. Some years ago prisoner went to Australia, and while there he used to write to Mr. Rothschild on his birthday and send him small presents, and Mr. Rothschild occasionally sent him small gifts, either himself or by his secretary. Mr. Rothschild had heard nothing of prisoner since 1909. Prisoner seemed to have come back from Australia and to have begun to study chemistry at King's College, and although he had a perfectly good home to go to, and kind parents, he preferred to live alone in lodgings of a humble character in the neighbourhood of the Tottenham Court Road. Since November his demeanour had altered; he was very restless at nights. On March 4 prisoner was seen' loitering about in St. Swithin's Lane, into which New Court turns, for some two hours and a half. About five o'clock Mr. Leopold de Rothschild, in his motor-car, was leaving New Court for the purpose of going to his home in the country. Charles Berg, an officer of the City Police, who was attached to these banking premises upon special duty, was stationed at the exit of the court for the purpose of keeping pedestrians out of the way of the car. Upon the car turning into St. Swithin's Lane prisoner went to it, and fired three shots through the front window, and another through the side window of the car. Berg ran up to the prisoner and caught hold of him Some people who were passing along also came up. As soon as Berg came near prisoner stepped back a few paces, extended his right arm, and shot straight and deliberately at Berg. The bullet struck Berg upon the jaw, on the left side of the face, passed right through the neck, and embedded itself upon the opposite side, avoiding by only a hair's-breadth several most vital and dangerous organs in the neck. Berg fell down. A gentleman named Whitlock, one of those who had interfered to stop prisoner, was fired at, the bullet embedding itself in his clothing. Berg was taken to St. Bartholomew's Hospital, and was there for about a month as an in-patient; he is now recovered, except for being left in a nervous and shaky condition. Prisoner was arrested. On the way to the police station one of the officers said, "Who was in the car?" Prisoner replied, "Mr. Leopold. I think I saw Lord Rothschild go out; I intended to shoot Leopold." At the police station prisoner asked, "How is the man I shot? I heard that he was hit twice; I should think he would recover. As the bullets were small ones they would have to put the X-Rays on him." In reply to the charge of shooting Berg and at Mr. Leopold de Rothschild, prisoner replied, "That seems to be correct." At his lodgings in Tottenham Court Road were found a number of cartridges for the revolver (produced). Mr. Muir said that the prisoner did not consult him as to the plea he should give in answer to the indictments, and his plea took him quite by surprise. He thought that prisoner would have pleaded Not Guilty, and that the question of his sanity or insanity would be inquired into by the jury. He had explained to prisoner that the course he had taken in pleading guilty had prevented that, and that he had to be dealt with as a sane man. Counsel had not the smallest doubt that the Prison Commissioners would inquire into his sanity, and if they found that he was a dangerous lunatic he would be sent to Broadmoor, just as he would be if found insane by a jury. The only matter the prisoner desired him to call attention to was this: He said that if he had here his exercise books with regard to the equation, which he said was given to him wrongly by his instructor at the college where he was studying chemistry, he would be able to demonstrate that the equation given him was in fact wrong, and therefore that the medical experts were mistaken in supposing that that was a delusion, and their conclusion that he was insane was accordingly based on wrong premises. It had been said that there had been some blood relationship between him and Mr. Rothschild, causing him to make the attack. Prisoner desired him to say that there was no foundation for any such idea in his mind. In fact, there was no foundation for any such idea. The prisoner's parents were most respectable people in a good position, and were greatly distressed that any such rumour had got about. The certificates were in court of the marriage and birth, and so on, to place any such rumour absolutely beyond question. The acquaintance between Mr. Rothschild and the prisoner began when the prisoner was a little boy, and Mr. Rothschild kindly allowed him to sit beside him at a service at the Central Synagogue, and afterwards gave him a sovereign. There was no question of charity in the gifts which Mr. Rothschild sent the prisoner, but they were merely acts of friend-liness. Prisoner's friends desired that any suggestion that he had accepted charity from Mr. Rothschild should be cleared away. Prisoner was studious and solitary in his habits, and now he almost welcomed the idea of the solitude of a prison cell, where he could be alone with his books and no one to interrupt him. He thought that Mr. Rothschild had for some reason conceived an enmity towards him, and that using the great influence which prisoner supposed him to possess, he had influenced the instructor at the college to mis-instruct him and to prevent his progress in his studies. Prisoner's view was that the only way in which he could put a stop to that interruption to his studies was to put an end to Mr. Rothschild's life. Mr. Bodkin said that Mr. Rothschild was absolutely unaware that the prisoner was at King's College or had any connection with that institution. Mr. Justice Coleridge. William Tebbitt, I am placed in considerable difficulty by the course which this case has taken. Although, personally and everyone who has listened to the case must take the same view although, personally, I am of opinion that you are not re sponsible for your actions, and therefore that no moral blame can possibly attach to your conduct, yet I am placed in this difficulty, that I am bound to consider you, for the purpose of to-day, as a sane man, responsible for your act, and to pass the same sentence upon you that I should pass had you been a sane man responsible for your act, and; had attempted wilfully and of your malice aforethought to kill and 1 murder two, if not three, people. Had you been a sane man the sentence of the Court would have been that you should be kept in penal servitude for Twenty years, and that is the sentence which I pronounce. At the same time, it is more or less a formality, because I am satisfied, and you may be satisfied, that that sentence will not be carried into effect, and that, your state of mind being inquired into, the result, in fact, will be that you will be detained during His Majesty's pleasure. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Wednesday, April 24.) EDWARDS, Edward (71, no occupation), stealing one suit case, a quantity of clothing and other articles, the goods of Henry Stewart Anderson. Prisoner pleaded guilty of receiving, which plea was accepted by the prosecution. Prisoner was stated to have received 10 years' penal servitude in New York for bank robbery in 1894; to have been recently discharged after undergoing five years' penal servitude in France; to have been expelled from Amsterdam, and to have undergone 11 years' imprisonment in Canada. Prisoner denied all previous convictions, but he had been identified by finger-prints. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. COLLINS, Thomas (30, super), stealing a banker's cheque for  2 4s. 10d., the property of William Carstairs Douglas; forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain order for the payment of  60 4s. 10d., with intent to defraud. Prisoner pleaded guilty of uttering, which plea was accepted by the prosecution. Prisoner confessed to having been convicted at the London Sessions on December 20, 1910, receiving 18 months', for larceny; 15 other short sentences for larceny, etc., were proved, commencing July 28, 1898, prisoner being last released on March 21, 1912. Sentence: Three years' penal servitude. MILBERTON, Sidney (tailor), pleaded guilty of committing wilful and corrupt perjury. Sentence: Three months' hard labour. CHAPMAN, Archie (24, waiter) pleaded guilty, of stealing a fountain pen and other articles, and  1 15s., the goods of George Moore; forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, the endorsement on a certain order for the payment of  4 5s., with intent to defraud. Sentence: Eight months' hard labour on each indictment, to run concurrently. SMITH, Joseph (47, labourer) pleaded guilty, of stealing one dozen dead fowls, the goods of George Gravin. Prisoner confessed to having been convicted on March 15, 1910, at London Sessions, receiving 23 months' hard labour, for shop-breaking, after nine pravious convictions, commencing August 4, 1897, for larceny; warehouse breaking, etc., including three years' penal servitude. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. PERRY, Richard Curnon (24, soldier) pleaded guilty, of stealing 300 Indian stamps and other stamps, the goods of Rudolph Frantzel, junior: stealing 7, 000 British and Colonial stamps, the goods of Rudolph Frantzel. Prisoner confessed to having been convicted on September 20, 1911, at Norwich Petty Sessions, receiving one month second division for stealing from his master, an Army officer. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour. MOSS, William, otherwise John Walter Crane (30, porter) pleaded guilty,of breaking and entering the shop of J. Lyons and Company, Limited, with intent to steal therein; attempting to break and enter the shop of Herbert George Baxter with intent to steal therein; being found by night having in his possession, without lawful excuse, certain implements of house-breaking; attempting to break and enter the shop of The Cottage Tea Rooms, Limited, with intent to steal therein. Prisoner confessed to having been convicted at the London Sessions on June 26, 1906, in the name of John Crane ; also to being a habitual criminal; 15 convictions for felony and five summary convictions were proved. Sentence: Three years' penal servitude and Five years' preventive detention. TAPSON, Horace William (37, traveller) pleaded guilty, of obtaining by false pretences from Charles Wells Blackall  8, the moneys of Hudson Brothers, with intent to defraud. Sentence: Nine months hard labour. LEE, George (27, labourer) pleaded guilty,of being found by night having in his possession, without lawful excuse, certain implements of house-breaking; being found in a certain public place under such circumstances as to show he was about to commit an offence punishable on indictment. (Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871, Sec. 7). Prisoner confessed to having been convicted on February 15, 1910, at Newington Quarter Sessions, receiving 12 months for being in possession of house-breaking implements; five other convictions proved. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. COLLINGS, Frank (17, clerk) pleaded guilty,of stealing  2 12s. 6d. and a cheque-book, the goods and moneys of Samuel Greenbaum, his master; obtaining by false pretences from Ellen Rowe one bicycle, with intent to defraud; forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, two several orders for the payment of  1 10s. and  1 5s., in each case with intent to defraud. Prisoner confessed to having been convicted at the Mansion House on October 3, 1910, receiving 21 days' hard labour, for embezzlement. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (Wednesday, April 24.) GOLD, Joseph (21, tailor), and MARCUS, William (21, dealer), feloniously uttering counterfeit coin. Gold pleaded guilty. Mr. Wilkinson prosecuted; Mr. David White appeared for Gold; Mr. J.E.Y. Radcliffe defended Marcus. CHARLES BREWSRER, tobacconist, Bridge Street, Pinner. On March 14, about 3.30 p.m., Gold came in and asked for a packet of Woodbine cigarettes, price 1d.; he tendered a florin; I served him and gave him 1s. 11d. change. After he had left I tested the coin and found it was light. I went to my door and saw Gold, accompanied by Marcus, going in the direction of High Street. I could not leave my shop at the moment, but in five minutes' time I went up High Street and there saw Marcus; Gold came out of the post office and joined Marcus. Gold then went into Woodman's, the confectioners. When he left there I went in, and in consequence of what Woodman told me I sent for the police. I went up High Street (Sergeant White following me). I saw Marcus, and said, "Where is your pal?" He said, "He is in a shop down the street." Gold came out of the shop indicarted; White arrested him and left him in my charge while he went after Marcus. Cross-examined. I am certain that Gold and Marcus were walking together; I did not see anything handed by one to the other. It is not true that I said to Marcus, "What are you looking for, old pal? "and that he replied, "I'm looking for an empty shop in Pinner." AGNES WOODMAN. On March 14, about 3.30 p.m., Gold came in and purchased a packet of Woodbines; he gave me a florin (which I afterwards found was bad) and I gave him 1s. 11d. change. After he left Brewster came in; upon what he told me I went to my door, and from there saw Gold talking to another man up the street. Gold then went into Hall's, the chemists. ALFRED WILLIAM HALL, chemist. Gold came in and asked for a pennyworth of strapping; I gave him some court plaster; he handed me a florin and I gave him 1s. 11d. change. On weighing the florin I found it was light. Going to my door a few minutes afterwards I saw Marcus crossing the road out of High Street; he was walking and looking over his shoulder. I went after him; at first I walked; then prisoner began running and I ran too, shouting, "Stop him." He was stopped, and Sergeant White arrested him. On March 26 I went to the police station and identified these two men. Police-sergeant ELY WHITE, 392 X. About 3.45 I was in the High Street, when Brewster pointed out Marcus to me. I told him I should arrest him for being concerned with another man in passing counterfeit coin. He replied, "I have never passed any in my life." Brewster then pointed out Gold; I left Marcus with Brewster and went after Gold and arrested him. Going back to where I had left Marcus I found he had gone; I saw him going towards Payne's Lane, between running and walking. Leaving Gold with Brewster I gave chase to Marcus; he was stopped and I re-arrested him. I took both men to the station; when charged they made no reply. On searching Gold we found on him one sovereign, one shilling, a sixpence, and five pennies, all good money no bad coins. On Marcus we found one sovereign, a half-sovereign, 20 shillings, 19 sixpences, 48 pennies, and 16 halfpennies. On Gold we also found a penny packet of chocolate, a penny memorandum book, and a packet of court plaster. On Marcus we found two packets of Woodbines, a penny memorandum book, two railway tickets from Aldgate to Pinner, dated March 14, with consecutive numbers, and a pawnticket relating to a gold coin. Marcus never said anything to me about his brother. Cross-examined. Inquiries have been made as to Marcus; nothing is known about him. I found no bad coin on him. At Pinner there is held an annual fair; goods are sold there by auction; I never heard of anyone taking a shop specially for the fair. I have not made inquiries as to whether Marcus has a brother. Re-examined. The fair is held in May, on the Wednesday after Whitsun; it is a one-day fair. SIDNEY WILLIAM SMITH, Assistant Assayer, H.M. Mint, deposed to the three florins (produced) being counterfeit. (Defence.) WILLIAM MARCUS (prisoner, on oath). I am an auctioneer; I mean that I sell by auction cheap jewellery and fancy goods of all kinds; my business takes me all round the country. I go to Pinner Fair every year. On March 14 last I went to Pinner with my brother to see if I could find a shop there; a shop would be worth  10 to me on the day of the fair. My brother is now in America. I do not know Gold at all; I have seen him at Epsom race meetings but not to speak to him. I did see Gold at Pinner,? but I was not walking with him; I do not speak to him. Brewster came up to me in the street, and I thought he knew me. He said, "What are you looking for, old pal?" I said, "I am looking for a shop." He misunderstood me as saying, "My pal is in a shop." I was arrested, and the constable left me in charge of somebody, and I went away, because I know how suspicious people are in these little country places, and I did not want to get mixed up in any bother. In my business I sell lots of small things and get paid in small moneys. The money found on me I got from sales on the previous Sunday and Saturday in Whitechapel Road and Club Row Market, Bethnal Green. I took the money with me to Pinner in case I should be asked for rent in advance for the shop I intended to take. If I had found a shop I should have kept it open for six weeks till the fair day. When I went to Pinner with my brother I took two railway tickets; at Pinner there was no ticket-collector at the gate, so I kept the tickets. I have never had a charge of any kind brought against me before. Cross-examined. I have no auctioneer's licence. I go to Pinner Fair every year, but have never taken a shop there. I saw the constalble arrest Gold, so I thought I had better get away, as they might capture me; I was nervous, because I had never been in trouble before. It is not true that I was walking with Gold. I walked un and down High Street by myself. When I walked away from Brewster I was looking over my shoulder; that was to see if I could see my brother. I did not run away. Sometimes on a Saturday I have had as much as  4 in my pockets in pence. While in Pinner I did not go into any shop; I was only in the village about ten minutes. Verdict (Marcus), Guilty. There was no previous conviction against either prisoner. Sentence (each prisoner): Five months' hard labour. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH (Wednesday, April 24.) CHARD, Charles (20, porter), stealing  4 2s., the moneys of James Frederick Rowan. JAMES ROWAN, 8, Chenies Place, Somers Town, machine cleaner. I have lodged at 8, Chenies Place, eight weeks. Hampstead Road is about 1 1/2 or two miles from there. On March 14 I left 8, Chenies Place at 5.40 a.m. and returned at 9.40 a.m. As I entered the house I saw a man coming out of the door. We said good morning. I thought he might be someone living in the house. I went upstairs. I found the tap back room door was open, which ought to have been shut. As I walked into the room I saw my bottom drawer was on the floor. I found this money-box on the bed. It was broken open and empty. When I last counted the money in it there was  4 26. That was on the previous Monday. I also missed a box with some farthings in. The front room was ransacked. I ran downstairs to the street to see if I could find the man, but could not. I came back and took the box to the landlady, and she went to the police station with me. The same evening prisoner was put up for identification. I identified him as the man I had seen coming out of the house that morning. When I left in the morning my young woman, her mother and brother were there. (To the Court.) I had no doubt about prisoner at the identificaition. Police-constable FREDERICK KIPPER, Y. I saw prisoner on March 14 at 7.30 p.m. at Stanhope Street, where he lives. I told him I should arrest him for stealing  4 2s. from 8, Chenies Place at 9.20 that morning, and he would be put up for identification. He said, "I was in Hampstead Road along with young Willing at that time outside Gibbs', waiting for a job" That is half to three-quarters of a mile from Chenies Place. He was readily identified by prosecutor. When charged he said, "He has made a mistake. Young Willing can prove it. I met him at Hampstead Road at a quarter to nine, and did not leave there till 9.50." Cross-examined. I paid the men that were put up with prisoner 2d. That is customary. We endeavour to get them as much like prisoner as possible. ELIZABETH MILLS. I am the landlady at 8, Chenies Place. Prosecutor is one of my lodgers. On March 14, about 9.30 a.m., I heard someone go through the passage and go out. I did not see them. The only people in the house then were the lady in the first floor front, my husband and myself. The others were all out. About ten minutes afterwards prosecutor came down to me. The street door was not open. I did not know anything about the money-box. (To the Court.) I have never seen prisoner before. Whoever came in must have had a key. EMMA HAYWARD. I occupy the back room on the ground floor. On March 14 I left the house at 8.40 a.m., and returned about 6.45. I saw the money-box in the drawer that morning. There was  4 2s. in it. I am engaged to prosecutor. WILLIAM HAYWARD. Last witness is my sister. I have seen the money-box before. I cannot say when I last saw it intact. I knew where it was kept. I left the house on March 14, about 6.45 a.m., and returned about 6.45 p.m." I did not go home in the meantime. I have known prisoner a long time. I have spoken to him about this box. I have told him there was money in the drawer. I never knew the box was in the drawer. When I spoke to prisoner about it I told him that it was in the drawer. It was money that used to be kept in another box. I did not say which drawer or which room. I said who the money belonged to. This conversation was nine or ten weeks ago. It referred to another house at College Place, Cam den Town. We were not living at Chenies Place-then. (To the Court.) The reason I told prisoner about the money was that there was a gas-meter broken open, and I being out of work got accused of it On the morning this box was broken open I had a key of the street door. I did not lend it to prisoner. I did not suggest he should go and take the money. Police-constable FREDERICK KIPPER, recalled. Prisoner was searched at the station about 12 hours afterwards. One halfpenny was found on him; no key. CHARLES CHARD (prisoner, not on oath). I was in Tottenham Court. Road between 10 and half-past, and did not leave there before 12, speaking to a packing-case maker who was out on strike. ---- WILLING, porter I know prisoner. I saw him the day he was arrested at half-past 8 a.m. at Edward Street, Stanhope Street. I was with him till 8.40 or 8.45 a.m. I left him at the bottom of Baker-Street, Hampstead Road. Cross-examined. I was with prisoner that morning at Gibbs', in Hampstead Road. MRS. CHARD, prisoner's wife. I do not know where prisoner was on the morning of March 14. I saw him at 5 p.m. He said he had been looking for work. I am not living with him. Verdict, Not guilty. GLADDISH, Richard George (61, wharf foreman) pleaded guilty,of maliciously publishing a certain defamatory libel of and concerning John Eeles Lawford. Prisoner was released on his own recognizances in  5 to come up for judgment if called upon. DAY, William, otherwise Leary (38, fruiterer) pleaded guilty, of uttering an order for the payment of  74 1s. 6d., with intent to defraud. Prisoner was' further indicted for that he is a habitual criminal. Mr. Bodkin prosecuted. Detective-constable WILLIAM ADAMS I produce the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions. It was served on prisoner at Brixton on April 13. Cross-examined by prisoner. You gave me the address of Mr. Henley, who told me you went on his round on two or three occasions, and he gave you food. You never worked for him. You said you had been out selling fruit and flowers, I cannot prove you have never been out selling. Police-constable OLIVER BAXTER, 65 YR. I was present in this 'court on November 21, 1898, when prisoner was convicted of feloniously breaking and entering premises and sentenced to five years penal servitude. The certificate is attached to the papers. Sergeant JAMES GREY, 27 G. I was present on April 25, 1905, at the North London Sessions when prisoner was sentenced to four years' penal servitude for larceny, burglary, and receiving in the name of Leary. I produce the certificate. Detective-inspector GEORGE CARR, Lancaster County Police. I was present at the Manchester Assize Court on October 26, 1906, when prisoner was convicted of attempting housebreaking, and sentenced to three years' penal servitude and one day, concurrent sentences. I produce the certificate. Detective-sergeant GEORGE GALE. Prisoner was arrested on March 23. I saw him in the cell passage at the Mansion House about 2.45 that day. He told me he was reporting on ticket at Tottenham Court Road Police Station. I then asked him if he could furnish me with any names or addresses of people he had worked for or attempted to obtain work from. I also pointed out the particulars of the Prevention of Crime Act, 1906, to him, and said he might be further indicted unless he furnished me with names and addresses. He said, "Yes, I worked for a Mr. Nathan; I purchased flowers from Mr. Nathan in Covent Garden Market. There are three Nathans carrying on business in a very large way in Covent Garden Market. They deny knowledge of this man. I asked prisoner, but he could not tell me which Mr. Nathan. He said, "There is no use you going to Mr. Nathan. I have done no work. I have bought no stuff from him. I subsequently saw prisoner's brother. He was unable to tell me he had done any work. To prisoner. You did not tell me you had bought fruit from other people in the market than Nathan. I cannot prove you have not been out selling fruit. (Defence.) WILLIAM DAY (prisoner, on oath). On October 13 last when I was released from penal servitude I was sent to the Church Army. Prisoners' Association. They said they could not find me employment. They could not find employment for men with no convictions behind them. I met a man two or three days afterwards, Randall. He offered to find me food till I found work. I went on and off two or three days a week. Then I started selling fruit and flowers. (To the Court.) I was with Randall two or three days a week for two or three months. After that I was out selling fruit and flowers. I bought them off the small traders in Covent Garden Market. They would not know me. They would only know Bill, Jack, or Jones. He could not say he knew a man. All the business is done under the hammer, and you have to buy off them certain stuff they do not want. This man cannot prove I have not been out selling fruit. They admit that themselves. I have been doing that from Christmas up to within a week or two of my arrest. Cross-examined. Since my last release I have lived the whole five months at 147, Whitfield Street, Tottenham Court Road. I paid 3s. 6d. a week rent. I was working from October 13 to a week before Christmas for Mr. Henley, 2, Little Clarendon Street, Somers Town, as driver of a mineral water van. He could not afford to pay me much wages. He gave me a few shillings now and again and my food. I suppose he gave me altogether  1 2s. I have been working with other costermongers in the meantime. That is how I paid my rent. I gave their names but could not give their addresses. Verdict, Not guilty. Sentence on the first indictment: Three years' penal servitude. FAULKNER, Edmund (30, clerk), stealing a cheque-book, containing 23 cheques, the goods of William Twentyman; receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen. Mr. E.P.S. Counsel prosecuted. WILLIAM TWENTYMAN, licensed victualler, Chalk Farm Road. This cheque is one of mine. I missed it on February 29. I last saw my cheque-book on February 25. It was kept on our sitting-room table on the first floor. Sometimes the room is left for a minute or two with the key in the door. As a rule it is locked. Cross-examined by prisoner. I first saw you at the police court. Customers from the public bar go up through the saloon to use the lavatory. It is possible for them to go without being heard. Any one going to the lavatory could go to the sitting-room. I do not know if anyone working for me has identified you as having been seen at my place. JOHN EVANS, dairyman, 5, Maple Street, Tottenham Court Road. I received this cheque from prisoner on March 3. His name on the back was not written in my presence. He was a customer of mine on the round. He owed me a little money, and told me he expected some money on the following week. He asked for the loan of 10s., which I gave him, and to prove that he was expecting money he showed me this cheque, and as I knew he had not a banking account I suggested he should give me the cheque so that I could put it through my bank, which I did do. It came back, marked "No a/c." The 10s. I gave him was nothing to do with the cheque. I had lent him money on previous occasions, and he always paid me back, amounts of  5 and over. When he showed me the cheque it had on it the words, "Not available until March 11, 1912." I held the cheque for a week. When I told him it had been returned he was very surprised, and said he would have to see about it. To prisoner. A week previous to my dealing with this cheque you told me you were expecting a cheque. I was simply going to put it through my account for you. I do not think you have defrauded me in any way. THOMAS EAGLE, clerk, London and South-Western Bank, Camden Town branch. This cheque was issued in a book with 24 others to Mr. Twentyman. We have no customer named George Nicholls, the name which appears at the foot of the cheque. To prisoner. No other cheques from that book have come through to my knowledge. Detective-sergeant PAGE. I saw prisoner on March 14 at Maple Street or Howland Street. I said to him, "I am making inquiries respecting a cheque-book which was stolen from the 'Monarch' public-house? Did you give a cheque to Mr. Evans at 5, Maple Street?" He said, "Yes." I said, "Can you give me any information about it?" He said, "I had it from a bookmaker named George Nicholls." He did not know what his address was, but it was somewhere at Brixton. To prisoner. At Kentish Town you said, "If you had taken me back I could have found the address." I saw your wife and we together searched the place, but there were no papers there. (Defence.) EDMUND FAULKNER (prisoner, on oath). I received the cheque through the post and it was put through Mr. Evans's account in perfectly good faith. I had every reason to believe there was nothing the matter with it. I received it from George Nicholls, a course bookmaker. It is money due to me from bets made. I had a letter with the cheque. Mr. Evans read the letter. The letter said he was sorry he had kecs pt me waiting, but he was expecting a cheque in himself during the following week and as he would be probably away racing he would send me the cheque on post-dated for the amount due to me. I got it on a Saturday morning. I have never been in Mr. Twentyman's public-house. I do not know where it is. I did not know the cheque-book had been stolen until I was at the police-station. Mr. Plowden said in his opinion there was no evidence to connect me with the theft. Cross-examined. I have not brought the letter. I did not consider it of any importance. Mr. Evans read it. My dealings with Nicholls were betting transactions. The money had been owing me from Lingfield Park the last back-end racing season.  10 0s. was the exact amount, but the cheque was for  10 11s., a mistake of a shilling on my side. Verdict, Not guilty. Prisoner was further indicted for forging an order for the payment of  10 11s., with intent to defraud; uttering the same knowing it to have been forged. WILLIAM TWENTYMAN, JOHN EVANS, Sergeant PAGE, and ALFRED THOMAS EAGLE gave similar evidence. (Defence.) EDMUND FAULKNER (prisoner, on oath). I should like to say, as far as I was concerned, I considered the cheque perfectly all right. It is in exactly the condition I received it, except that I have endorsed it. I handed it to Mr. Evans to go through his bank, but, so far as making the cheque out, I know nothing about it. I got it through the post. Cross-examined. The signature on Exhibit 1 is mine. (At counsel's request prisoner wrote several words on a piece of paper, which was afterwards handed to the jury with the cheque.) Verdict. Not guilty. FLETCHER, Henry John (46. barber) having been entrusted with certain property, to wit, the sum of  80 19s. 9 1/2 d., in order that he might deliver the same to Charley Clarke, Coleman and others, the members of the Railway Guard Social and Mutual Loan Club, unlawfully and fraudulently conventing the same to his own use and benefit. Mr. Armstrong White prosecuted; Mr. St. John Macdonald defended. Detective-sergeant TOM ANDREWS, N. On March 18 at Kennington Road Police Station, I read the warrant to prisoner. He said, "I left the money with the brewers, there was enough money to pay, but cleared out." When the charge was read over to him he made no reply. The warrant was issued on December 26 last. He was arrested on March 18. Cross-examined. He informed me when he was arrested that he was staying at Church Road, Croydon, but had no fixed address. He gave no address at Camberwell. He did not say if he had known a warrant was out he would have given himself up. It is a custom for these slate clubs to invest the money with the brewer, not in the business. Prisoner's wife told me they had had a row some weeks before he left. GEORGE READ, parcel porter, 224, Campbell Buildings, Gloucester Street, S.E. I have known prisoner four or five years. I was a member of the Railway Guard Mutual Loan Society. I was check secretary. On December 18 it was resolved to pay out all the money on the following Friday; the amount was  80 odd. The accused, the secretary and I, were to go through the accounts together on the 19th. The accused did not come. I next saw him on March 25 at the Tower Bridge Police Court. Rule 16 says the monies are to be invested in the Lambeth Savings Bank by the Honorary Treasurer and Honorary Secretaries. I was one of the secretaries. I never helped in banking this money. We trusted accused. (Thursday, April 25.) GEORGE READ, recalled, cross-examined. The duties of a check secretary are to check the money off the secretary's books so as the treasurer should sign for it. I believe the book in which he signed is an exhibit. It shows all the moneys received in the club. (Witness was cross-examined as to the entries.) MR. BRYANT, District Manager to Watney, Combe and Reid, 3, Beverley Gardens, Barnes. "The Railway Guard" public-house, Waterloo Road, is in my district. Prisoner was a yearly tenant. The tenancy was terminated toy a quarter's notice on either side. He left in December last without notice. He left in our debt., When he took up the lease he deposited  100. On December 11 I received' this cheque for  20 from prisoner. It was not honoured. A second cheque for  59 2s. 8d. I did not; pay in as the other had come back. I next saw him at the Tower Bridge Police Court. When I discovered he had left the public-house I informed the police in the usual way for the purpose of saving the licence. We kept the house open until just after Christmas, when we closed it. A private sale was ordered, and we obtained an order for possession of the premises that is signed by Lord Loreburn on December 31. This book shows a complete account as between myself and prisoner. It shows a balance of  23 18s. 10d. We handed a cheque for that amount to Mrs. Fletcher. When the firm heard about the society and prisoner's disappearance I recommended to the Directors that they should give the members something, and they agreed to pay half,  40 10s. I went down and saw that distributed. It did not come out of the  100. Cross-examined. We served prisoner by substituted service with notice of permission of the Court to enter the premises. Mrs. Fletcher knew we had taken out writs against her husband. She left everything in my hands. We sold for  85 all at, that is the goods on the premises and the goodwill. We paid prisoner's debts. We had to take possession of the "premises, and did not know what to do with the money. The place improved while he had possession. He conducted the business very well. It is not a fact that when the  20 cheque was returned prisoner offered me  20, and I told him to pay the money into the bank. I believe Mr. Goodyear refused it, and told him to pay it into the bank. When Mrs. Fletcher went away there were furniture and goods belonging to them. That was all handed over to her. (Defence.) HENRY JOHN FLETCHER (prisoner, on oath). I had been in possession of this licence two years last December. I paid  50 for the business and  13 or  14 for the stock. The previous tenant had been convicted of betting. It was only my character that got the licence. This loan club was started with the idea of improving the business. I was elected honorary treasurer. The secretaries collected subscriptions, the money was handed over to me, and I signed for it. When a loan was wanted I handed the money to Mr. Coleman. I did not take his receipt for it. I never took a receipt of any description. I cannot say what I owe them. When I went away I left enough to cover it. I owe them something. It was decided to pay out on December 18. I said I would go through the accounts on the 19th. I went away that afternoon. It was really over a row with the wife. We had been jangling weeks and weeks. I said, "You can have the lot. Pay the club out." I believe she is jealous. I do not know why. That is why I left. I did it in a mad temper. I know I was wrong. It was a tied house. I deposited  100 and they allowed me 4 per cent. My wife must have known about that. She could have paid the slate club out with my property. There was  200 worth of furniture and  30 worth of stock. I have not been in hiding. I have been in the locality of the public-house 14 or 15 times since. I have a hairdresser's business in York Road worth  90. I have been there. When I was arrested I was staying with people named Carter at 38, Church Road, Croydon. I have been there all the time barring going to one or two race meetings. MRS. MARY ANN FLETCHER, 299, Kingston Road, Merton Park, Wimbledon. Prisoner is my husband. We have not lived together since we parted in December. We quarrelled. He said he was tired of everything and I could have it on my own and do as I liked; he had done with it. He said, as to the slate club, if there was any difficulty there was enough at the brewers' to pay any debts that he owed. That was not to worry me. I thought at the time he referred to the  100 deposit. He left a little money in the till,  4 or  5. He left the stock and everything in working order. There was about  40 worth of stock. I carried on the business till December 30. The brewers made me shut it up. I was in the house three weeks after that. They would not let me move anything off the premises. 3 received a cheque from them for  23 13s. 2d. and out of that there was 7s. 6d. application for new licence and 30s. for something else, I do not know what for. It was for stock and things in the bar, I suppose. The furniture cost from  150 to  200. They did on touch that. They would not let me remove before January 22. I was not asked to pay any money to the slate club. If they had allowed me to keep the business on I should have paid everything. I do not know if the members knew the  100 was at the brewers. My husband has a hairdresser's business in York Road. That is not five minutes walk from this public-house. Cross-examined. I did not know my husband had left owing debts, till after he had gone and I went to see Mr. Bryant. They were small debts. We always run small debts. If I had known where my husband was (between December and March I should have tried to see him. MRS. MARY ANN THURSTON, 3, Francis Street, Waterloo Road. I am prisoner's sister. Ever since my brother has been licensee of the "Railway Guard" public-house he and his wife have never been good friends. There was no other trouble that I am aware of, except over the business. SAMUEL VANDERLUIS. I keep an oyster bar in the Waterloo Road. I have known prisoner 35 years as a man of unblemished character. Verdict, Not guilty BEFORE MR. JUSTICE COLERIDGE. (Wednesday, April 24.) BENBOW, Arthur James (60), was indicted for and charged on the coroner's inquisition with the wilful murder of Sophia Baker. Mr. Muir, Mr. Travers Humphreys, and Mr. Boyd prosecuted; Mr. Marchant defended. SARAH BAKER, 5, Kingsley Avenue, West Ealing. I lived there with deceased, my sister; we were there about 12 months. We let apartments. We kept no servant. In answer to an advertisement on March 11 prisoner called and took a bedroom on the first floor and a sitting-room on the ground floor at one guinea a week. He came on the 13th and stayed till April 2, when he was arrested. He was peculiar about his food; on one morning, very early, I found him walking on the stairs. He was so peculiar that we were not comfortable and we told him we wished him to leave. Deceased waited on him. A little after 9 a.m. on April 2 I went out, leaving deceased in her bedroom; as far as I knew prisoner was in his bedroom. There was no one else in the house. I returned at 12.45 p.m. and found her lying on the kitchen floor, as I thought, in a dead faint. I tried to restore her with brandy, but found it was no use. I did not know at that time that she had been shot. I went into prisoner's room on the ground floor and saw him sitting in a chair with a paper in his hand. He said nothing; I went next door for assistance and one of the maids came in. I looked in at prisoner and asked him the last time he had spoken to my sister; I had told him I had found her in a dead faint. He said that she asked him if he would like his breakfast and he said not at present. I then went into the kitchen and, on examining her more closely, found she had been shot. I had sent for the doctor. Just before he arrived prisoner came to the door and asked me if my sister had gone. I had no idea that he had any firearms. Cross-examined. We were on good terms with him. When I met him on the stairs he said he could not understand why people should try to poison him; I think this was about the Tuesday before April 2. He had his hat and coat on, with a lighted candle in his hand; it was quite daylight. (Mr. Muir stated that he was not contesting that prisoner was not insane.) These are two letters I wrote to his cousin. I know that he had consulted a doctor. GEORGE PHILLIPS, M.D., 88, The Avenue, West Eealing. At 1.45 p.m. I went to 5, Kingsley Avenue, where I saw deceased on the kitchen floor. Her bodice was singed, consistent with a powder explosion. There was a hole under her left breast. She had been dead, in my opinion, about an hour. I sent my chauffeur for the police. I heard someone walking across the hall, and on going to the door I saw prisoner. I detained him. He put his hand in his hip pocket and I caught hold of his wrist. He was producing this washleather bag (Exhibit 3). I held him until the arrival of the police. He asked me to go inside, as it was rather public out there. I did not do so, but remained at the gate. On the police arriving I said I thought he had a revolver about him. No revolver was found on him at the time. The appearance of her wound was consistent with her having been shot at close quarters. I saw this knife (Exhibit 2) taken from him. Cross-examined. I did not see a letter in his hand. He was just going out of the gate when I saw him. He did not make any attempt to get away when I stopped him. Police-constable GEORGE MASON, 772 X. At 1.45 p.m. on April 2 I went to 5, Kingsley Avenue, where I saw prisoner being detained at the gate by Dr. Phillips, who said to me, "A woman has been shot in this house and this man seems rather anxious to get away." I detained prisoner, who said nothing. We all went into the front room, where the doctor said, "I believe he has a revolver on him." I asked prisoner which pocket it was in and he said, "The revolver is upstairs in an open gladstone bag." I went to his bedroom, where I saw him bag, but there was no revolver in it. I returned and told prisoner this. He said nothing. I noticed something in his pocket and I asked him what he had got there. He said, "Nothing." I found in his right hand pocket this single-loader revolver, fully cocked, and a tobacco box containing four live cartridges fitting the revolver. I als found on him this sheath knife and this flask of brandy. He said he wanted to drink some of it, as he felt faint. There was also this wash leather bag, containing keys, and this stamped letter. Cross-examined. He appeared to be very calm; he seemed strange. This letter (Exhibit 7) I found upstairs; it was sealed ready for posting. Police-constable WILLIAM HARPER, 196 X. At 1.45 p.m., on April 2 I went to 5, Kingsley Avenue. The witness corroborated the evidence of the last witness and added: When Police-constable Mason went upstairs I was left in charge of prisoner, who said to Dr. Phillips, "You had better leave me to the police and get on with your patient. I suppose they think I have done it and detained me." Police-constable FRANK SHAW WHITESIDE, 428 X, corroborated. He added that prisoner later said, "I cannot think what made me do it. It was purely an accident. My head is so bad to-day. Can't I have my tablets?" I had found a bag containing some tablets in his pocket. Police-inspector ALFRED DEEKS, X Division. At 1.50 p.m. on April 2 I was summoned to 5, Kingsley Avenue, where I saw deceased's body in the kitchen. In the front room prisoner was being detained by Police-constable Mason. I told him who I was and that I was investigating how deceased had met her death. This pistol was then lying on the table. I cautioned him and he said, "I came down about 10 a.m. and went out for a short stroll and came back. She asked me if I would have any breakfast. I said, 'Not at present.' Then I came into the front room and read the paper. It may be a delusion on my part, but I thought an operation had been performed upon me, and I got a revolver which was upstairs in a gladstone bag and brought it down and pointed it to her. I asked her who it was performed an operation upon me about a fortnight ago. She replied, 'I don't know.' I snapped the trigger at her. It went off, and she dropped down. I gave her some brandy and some water and saw it was all over. It was no good making a row, so I waited till her sister came in." I took the statement down in my pocket-book and he signed it. Inspector Davies then came in and I told him what had happened. I picked up the pistol, not knowing it was loaded, and it went off; it went through his clothing. I took prisoner to the station. When charged with wilful murder he said, "I object to wilful murder; I did not know it was loaded." Cross-examined. He said he had snapped the trigger to frighten her. He appeared to be of unsound mind. Detective-inspector THOMAS DAVIES, X Division. On going to 5, Kingsley Avenue, prisoner made the following statement to me: "These people are very interested in looking after young women and thought I was going to London habitually to go with these young people; but I used to go to South Kensington Museum. They thought I was not looking after myself. When I went to bed I had terrible dreams. I thought someone came in and threw something over my head. I thought someone was attending me and had operated. It may be a delusion on my part. I asked her who it was that had performed the operation upon me about a fortnight ago in the night. She said she knew nothing about it. I snapped the trigger to frighten her and it went off. I presented the revolver at her to frighten her and thought it was empty, but found it loaded. I then got some brandy as she had dropped down. I also gave her some water. I did not think about making a row, so I waited until her sister came in. I did not know what to do. I have not been very comfortable in these apartments. They think I am a bit of a reprobate. The idea that an operation has been performed upon me to make me impotent I did not explain very well. I am so confused just now that I cannot give you a better idea of what the delusion was. I ought to have had expert advice upon it. I have seen a man up in town about it. It sounds very mad. It sounds like a case for Broadmoor. I told him later that I must charge him with wilful murder, and he said, "I suppose I must go with you. I allowed him to go upstairs to get his gloves. I accompanied him. From the dressing-table he took this envelope, containing two half-sheets of paper-bearing his address and on which was, "Should I be ill or die, write to....." In a box under the bed I found 17 cartridges fitting the pistol (Exhibit 1). I unlocked it with a key Police-constable Mason had given me. It had apparently recently been moved. It also contained an empty cartridge-case fitting the pistol. In addition I found nine loaded cartridges. On the way to the station prisoner said, "There is some money in my trunk in my bedroom. Will you get it for me?. I returned and found it where he had described. At the station I said to him, "I found the money you spoke of. It is  4.. He said, "That is right. I am sorry this has happened. I did not mean to shoot her; I meant to frighten her. I put the second cartridge in as I thought I was going to be lynched by the neighbours. My brother pointed the revolver at me and pulled the trigger when he thought it was not loaded. It went off and I put my head on one side and the bullet just grazed my hair." Cross-examined. He gave me the impression that he was undoubtedly insane. Re-examined. It is quite easy to see if the pistol is loaded or not. GEORGE HERBERT BENNETT, M.R.C.P., after corroborating the evidence of Dr. Phillips as to the position and cause of the wound on the deceased, stated: In the post-mortem examination I found the bullet had opened the pericordium and passed through the apex of the heart, embedding itself in the lung; it undoubtedly was the cause of death. I had an interview with him afterwards. Cross-examined. I was quite satisfied that his delusion that an operation had been performed upon him was not feigned. I certainly think it indicates unsoundness of mind. Verdict, Guilty, but insane. Prisoner was ordered to be detained during His Majesty's pleasure. COXON, Edwin (62, carpenter), feloniously wounding Ellen Coxon, with intent to murder her. Mr. Wells Thatcher prosecuted. Detective-inspector WILLIAM GOUGH, E Division. About 3 a.m. on March 13 I saw prisoner at Hunter Street Police Station. I told him who I was, and said that he would be charged with attempting to murder his wife. I cautioned him. He said, "I had a provocation, and it was through her temper and through her 'whoreism.' I wish to Christ she was dead. She did not deny it to-night, and I own I have not done anything for four months through illness. Cross-examined by prisoner I wrote down your statement in your presence. ELLEN COXON (prisoner's wife) was sworn. On being asked by Mr. Justice Coleridge whether she was willing to give evidence, she stated that she was not. Mr. WELLS THATCHER said that, after the decision in R. v. Leach (4 Cr. App. R., 96) he could not contend that this was a compellable witness, and he would not examine her. JOHN MCCAULAY. I am a registered medical practitioner. On March 12 I was called to 25, Kenton Street, where I found prosecutrix sitting in a chair. She had three wounds on her head, one causing compound fracture. There was a lot of blood on her clothes and on the floor. I dressed the wounds and sent her to the hospital. Her injuries could be caused by the hammer (produced). I believe she is going on very well now. HAROLD TASKER, house surgeon, Cambridge University Hospital. I remember having prosecutrix under my charge. She was discharged on March 31. I was not present when the operation was performed. She is going on very well, and in my opinion she will probably get quite well. EDITH FOLBY, 25, Kenton Street. Prisoner is my brother-in-law. On March 11 I heard my sister call out. I went upstairs to their oom, and found her lying on the floor. I fetched my nephew, and the doctor was sent for. I passed prisoner on the landing before I entered the room. I have seen, this hammer before. When I went into the room it was on the table. HENRY WILLIAM FOLEY, 25, Kenton Street. Prisoner is my uncle. About 9.30 p.m. on March 12 he went out. He returned with his wife at 10.30, and went upstairs. They started quarrelling, and he said if she went out he would go with her. I was in the room at the time. I left for a few minutes at 11. On my return they were still quarrelling. They went down to the kitchen. I heard him say, "Don't row; let's be friends. "They came upstairs and commenced quarrelling again. I went to bed. They were still at it. I heard him come out of the room and go to his cupboard on the landing. He then returned. I got up and went into the front room, where I saw Mrs. Coxon lying unconscious on the floor. I picked her up and put her on a chair. Police-sergeant GEORGE BACKHAM, E Division. At 1 a.m., on March 13, I went to 25, Kenton Street, where I saw prisoner. I told him I should take him into custody for the attempted murder of his wife. He said, "She tantalised me, and I knocked her on the head with the hammer. I am sorry she is not dead. I came back to give myself up. I could have done myself in, but that would have healed the thing up. I am only sorry I did not do her in." I took him to the station. On returning, to the house I found this hammer lying on the floor opposite a large pool of blood. Prisoner's statement before the magistrate. "I have nothing further to say. I was upset on account of her temper. I lost my head at the time I did it. I locked the door to prevent her going out not with the idea of doing her grievous bodily harm. EDWIN COXON (prisoner, not on oath). All I have to say is that I am truly sorry for what has happened. I quite lost my head with the bother that we had and her throwing things at me, and also with my illness. I had only just been out of the infirmary a fortnight when this took place and my head was not properly the thing then. We have always been comfortable together. Verdict, Guilty of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm "under very great provocation." Sentence: Six months' imprisonment, second division. TURNER, May (24, carman), feloniously setting fire to a certain dwelling house, divers persons, to wit, Frank Allen Hood, and Grace Barbara Fox then being therein. Mr. J.D. Fitzgerald prosecuted. The first witness for the prosecution was about to give evidence, when the prisoner had hysterics, and had to be removed. (Thursday, April 25.) Prisoner again fell into hysterics after a few questions to the first witness. Mr. Justice Coleridge discharged the jury, directing that a communication should be made to the Home Secretary with a view to inquiry into prisoner's mental condition. BEFORE MR. JUSTICE COLERIDGE. (Thursday, April 25.) AINSWORTH, William Alfred (23, labourer), was indicted for and charged on the coroner's inquisition with the manslaughter of Sidney John Blackler. Mr. T.E. Morris prosecuted; Mr. Sydney E. Williams defended. THOMAS HIGGINS, greengrocer's assistant, Hanwell. On Saturday night, March 9, I went with prisoner into the "Old Hat" beer shop, Ealing; there were other men there that I knew. I called for drinks for myself, prisoner, Clack, and Bawcombe. We were all mates together. In a joke I tapped Bawcombe on the knee. He shaped up to fight. I said, "Don't hit me, hit him over there" (referring to Blackler); "he is bigger than I am. "Blackler came across to me and said something. I said, "Can't you stand a joke, Jack?" He said something else, and I lost my temper for the moment, and pulled off my coat. Then the landlady interfered. I called for some more beer and she refused to serve me. Prisoner and I then went outside and went to the "Halfway House," about five doors away. On the way there Blackler came up and said to prisoner, "You are the bloke," and gave him a sort of back-handed clout. Prisoner pulled off his coat and threw it to me; it went over my head. When I scrambled it off my face and turned round I saw prisoner strike Blackler with his fist and Blackler fell. Previously to that Blackler had said, "I can't fight," and he put his hands down in his pockets. Then prisoner said, "I can" and struck him in the head or the chest. Prisoner took his coat from me and ran away. We were all sober barring Blackler. Prisoner was a stranger to me except that we worked at the same place. Cross-examined. What prisoner threw to me was just his overcoat, not his jacket. It was not thrown as a signal to fight. Blackler was a bigger man than prisoner, about 6 ft. 3 in. in height. WILLIAM CLACK, labourer, Ealing. I was in the "Old Hat" with my father and Bawcombe when prisoner and Higgins came in. There was some skylarking between Higgins and Bawcombe. Bawcombe put up his fist to Higgins, and the latter said, "Don't hit me, hit him over there." Blackler walked across to Higgins and said, "What do you mean by telling him to hit me?" Higgins said, "It's only a joke, Jack, but if you take it that way I will have a fight," and he took off his coat. The landlady interfered, and Higgins and prisoner left the bar. As they left, Higgins said to Blackler, "I will see you outside." Blackler stayed in the house for ten minutes after the others went out. We were all sober. Cross-examined. Prisoner was drinking gingerbeer. CHARLES W. BAWCOMBE, CHARLES CLACK (father of William Clack), and ERNEST REYNOLDS, barman at the "Old Hat," generally corroborated the previous witnesses. Mrs. ELIZABETH SHACKLE. I was coming out of the "Halfway House," when I saw standing in the road Higgins, prisoner and Blackler. Prisoner gave Blackler a sort of shove on the shoulder. Blackler said, "I cannot fight." He stood with his hands in his coat pockets. Prisoner punched Blackler in the face or the chest, and Blackler fell to the ground. Prisoner snatched his coat from Higgins and ran away. ELIZABETH SPARROW and CAROLINE BIRD gave much the same account as the witness Shackle. RENDLE MEYER, house surgeon, King Edward's Memorial Hospital, Ealing. Blackler was brought in about 8 p.m. on March 9. He was suffering from concussion; he was unconcious, and remained in that state until his death at 11 a.m. on the 12th. The cause of death was fracture of the base of the skull, through the man falling on the back of his head against something. Cross-examined. There was no sign of a violent blow having been (struck with the fist. Detective-sergeant JOHN HEADLEY, X Division. I arrested prisoner on March 10. He said, "It was a bit of a row started in the 'Old Hat.' Me and Higgins came out and he followed us. He hit me a back-hander, and I pushed him. He fell on the back of his head." Cross-examined. Prisoner bears a very good character. This is the first time he has been in a court of justice. Detective-inspector THOMAS DAVIS, X Division. Upon my formally charging prisoner at Uxbridge Road Police Station he said, "He challenged me to fight and gave me a backhanded blow in the jaw. I pushed him back, and he fell in the road." He volunteered and signed the following statement: ". I went with Higgins to the 'Old Hat.' In the bar a man got up and wanted to fight Higgins. Higgins took his coat off, and I stopped them fighting. Higgins called for some drinks, and they would not serve him, and we left. The same man followed us. He came up to me and said, 'You are the man I want to fight,' and gave me a back-hander in the jaw. I just pushed the man and he fell over on his head in the roadway. He was drunk, so that if anybody just touched him he would fall over." Mrs. BLACKLER. Deceased, my-husband, was never a quarrelsome man. (Defence.) WILLIAM AINSWORTH (prisoner, on oath) repeated the statement already given. Cross-examined. When deceased struck me I just gave him a push, not to hurt the man at all. When he fell, I ran away, because I thought he might get up and hit me; he was a much bigger man than me, about 6 ft. 4 in. Verdict, Guilty, with a strong recommendation to mercy. Prisoner was released on his own recognisances in  25 to come up for judgment if called upon within the next twelve months. ANDERSON, George (24, carman), and CHURCHILL, Joseph (19, blacksmith), were indicted for and charged on the coroner's inquisition with the manslaughter of Frank Felix Worth Tilbury. Mr. E. Percival Clarke prosecuted; Mr. D. Owen Evans defended. Mrs. JESSIE COLEY, 1, Oakley Road, Brixton. Deceased, my. brother, was 27 years old, single, an Army Reservist. He had been lodging with me about two months. He was a kind young fellow and not at all quarrelsome. He was of sober habits. On April 1 he drew his reserve pay out of the Post Office Savings Bank; he came and paid me a certain amount. He left my house between 11.30 and 12 that night; I think he had then upon him  1 5s. I did not again see him alive. MARY ANN BELLRINGER, 22, Baker Street, Brixton. On the afternoon of April 1 I was standing at my door talking to Mrs. Med-way; our children were playing about in the street. Tilbury and another man came along; Tilbury, who was intoxicated, stumbled against my little girl and knocked her down. Mrs. Medway said, "That's what comes of looking at other women." The two men and Mrs. Medway then walked through Chryssell Road into Vassall Road towards the "Perseverance" public-house. Later I saw Mrs. Medway go into her house, No. 20, Baker Street, with Tilbury; she introduced him to me as her cousin. In about half an hour she came out with Tilbury and they went towards the "Perseverance." Later prisoner (who lodged with me) came home; I told him that Mrs. Medway was in her house with a strange young man. Mrs. Stagg, from 24, Baker Street, came in and I told her the same. She went to No. 20 and knocked at the door and told Mrs. Medway that her husband was coming; deceased immediately left the house. Shortly afterwards prisoner left the house, up to then nothing had happened between him and deceased. I know nothing more except that I saw deceased placed on the ambulance. Cross-examined. Prisoner was a very good lodger, a sober, hardworking man. LAURA ELIZABETH MEDWAY. Deceased was a stranger to me. On this afternoon I had a drink with him and his male friend in the "Perseverance," and they then came to my house; after a time the friend left; then Mrs. Stagg came and deceased left; he was the worse for liquor. I saw nothing of what happened afterwards. JOHN HENRY BECKETT. On April 1 about 4.45 I was outside the "Perseverance," and saw Mrs. Medway talking to Tilbury. I went to my work in Chryssal Road, and later saw Tilbury running, pursued by the two prisoners. Churchill caught up with Tilbury, and hit him on the face on the left side, knocking him against the railings; he broke away to cross the road where he was attacked by Anderson, who struck him a severe blow in the face on the right side; be staggered and fell; Churchill kicked him in the face as he fell. Anderson ran away; Churchill walked away. Cross-examined. There was a great deal of shouting; besides the prisoners there were other men running after Tilbury; also a woman; it may have been Mrs. Stagg; I am not certain; it may have been Mrs. Medway. I could not do anything to help Tilbury; I am a cripple. GEORGE WARD. I saw the two prisoners catch up to Tilbury and attack him. Anderson struck him twice in the back, but could not get a proper blow in; Churchill closed up and struck him on the right side of the face and felled him. Deceased's fall was not from accidentally tripping; he fell immediately upon Churchill striking him. Cross-examined: I did not see Beckett. GEORGE J. BRYAN, who was with the previous witness, substantially corroborated his evidence. Police-constable ERNEST KITE, 847 W, said that he found Tilbury lying on the ground, and took him first to Dr. Bagster and then to the hospital. CHARLES EDWARD BAGSTER, M.D. When Tilbury was brought to me he was quite insensible, apparently suffering from severe injury to the brain. He had a cut over the left eye, which was considerably bruised; this might have been caused by a blow or a fall; there was blood in the left ear. I applied bandages and sent the man to the hospital. Cross-examined. The injuries might have been caused by the man striking the pavement as he fell. WALTER GIBSON MARSDEN, House Surgeon, St. Thomas's Hospital. Upon Tilbury's admission about 7 p.m. on April 1 he was completely unconscious, breathing heavily, bleeding from the nose and left ear; the left eye was completely closed; there was a wound over the left eyebrow. He died at nine o'clock the following night. The post-mortem examination showed the cause of death to be laceration and bruising of the brain and cerebral haemorrhage into the brain substance. The skull was fractured; there were three small fissured fractures in the anterior part of the base of the skull, corresponding with the left eye position. Such an injury might have been caused by a very severe blow, but was more likely caused by the man falling upon his left eye on the pavement. Police-constable GEORGE JONES, 1020 W. After assisting Kite to take Tilbury to the doctor, I went to 26, Baker Street, and saw Churchill. I told him I should arrest him for causing grievous bodily harm to an unknown man in Chryssal Road. He said, "I did not strike him; I went to, but the other man had him first." Cross-examined. Churchill was at his home; he had not run away. I know nothing about him or about Anderson. Sergeant FREDERICK PEPLER, W Division. On the evening of April 11 went to 22, Baker Street, and saw Anderson. I said, "I believe you know something of this assault case." He said, "Yes; he called my wife a prostitute; I asked him what he meant by it, and at the same time pushed him on the shoulder; he then struck me on the eye and ran away; Churchill then chased him, but the fellow fell down on his face; he was drunk." Upon the death of Tilbury prisoners were charged with manslaughter. Anderson said, "We will wait till the result of the inquest and see what they say; I don't know where the manslaughter comes in." Churchill made no reply. (Defence.) GEORGE HAROLD ANDERSON (prisoner, on oath). I am a fish hawker, of 22, Baker Street. On April 1, after returning home from work, I went out with my wife. In Chryssal Road I saw Tilbury quarrelling with Mrs. Stagg. The latter said that Mrs. Medway had been in with him for no good; she was a married woman. My wife chimed in. Tilbury called my wife a prostitute. That was enough to make a man angry, and I went to push Tilbury on the shoulder, and he struck me on the left eye and ran away. I gave chase, caught him up, and struck him once on the shoulder and once in the side; then I fell down and cut my face. Churchill, who was also following, passed me and caught up to Tilbury; I cannot say whether he struck him. Tilbury was the worse for drink. Churchill was a stranger to me. Cross-examined. When Tilbury called my wife a prostitute I struck him and he hit me back; then I struck him again, in self-defnce. He ran away, and I gave chase to give him some more, but I did not strike him again. I did not see him fall; I should think he tripped, he being drunk. It gave me a fright, and I went home. I was quite sober; I do not drink. I deny that I kicked Tilbury. JOSEPH ALFRED CHURCHILL (prisoner, on oath). On this evening I was at home (26, Baker Street) when I heard screams. I ran out and saw a crowd running by. Mrs. Stagg shouted out to me to stop Tilbury. I ran after him. I never struck him. I was just behind him, near to the railings, when he fell, through exhaustion I reckon, or he may have tripped. I walked away. I had never seen the man before. Cross-examined. I never meant to strike Tilbury; I was about to claim hold on him when he fell. I did not see Anderson. I never struck or kicked Tilbury. When I said to Jones, "I did not strike him, I went to," that is not correct; I said it on the impulse of the moment. I admit that I was about to strike him and about to claim hold of him at the same time. Verdict: Anderson, Guilty (with a recommendation to mercy); Churchill, Not Guilty. (April 26). Sentence (Anderson): Nine months' imprisonment, second division. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Thursday, April 25.) EARL, Charles Richard (19, seaman), feloniously attempting to discharge a revolver at Albert James Sickle, with intent to prevent the lawful apprehension and detainer of himself, the said C.R. Earl; (second count) with intent to do him grievous bodily harm. Feloniously attempting to discharge a revolver at Edward Lloyd, with intent to resist the lawful apprehension and detainer of himself, the said C.R. Earl; (second count) with intent to do him grievous bodily harm. Prisoner pleaded guilty to the first count of the indictment relating to Sickle. The offence was committed when prisoner was being arrested as a deserter from the Navy. Sentence, Nine months' hard labour. A.J. Sickle, a private citizen, was commended by the Court for his courageous behaviour. CALLIS, James Thomas (19, newsvendor), and GILBERT, James (18, newsvendor), breaking and entering the shop of Lockharts, Limited, and stealing there from 6s. 5 3/4 d., their moneys. Callis pleaded guilty. Mr. Brodrick prosecuted. Police-constable WALTER CROSS, 67 B. At 10 p.m., on March 19, I was on duty in Queen Victoria Street, when I found from the basement window at the back of Lockharts' premises a piece of glass had been taken and a piece of cardboard had been placed over it. I had the premises surrounded and subsequently saw Callis coming out of the window. I arrested him. He complained of an injury to his right knee and he was taken to the hospital. After his wound had been stitched up I took him to the station. In his boots I found 4s. 4 1/2 d. He made this statement (Exhibit 1), which he signed. Police-constable JOHN WOOTTON, City Police. In consequence of certain information, at 2 a.m. on March 19 I went with Detective Bet-tridge to 97, Elm Street, a common lodging-house. We there saw Gilbert in bed. We told him we were police officers and said that Callis was in custody for breaking and entering Lockharts, 115, Queen Victoria Street, and that Callis had made a statement to the effect that he, Gilbert, was concerned with him. He said, "I'll punch Callis on the nose when I see him." On the way to the station he said, "There was only two of us. I stopped outside. When I saw the copper had a 'rumble' I cleared off and left Callis there." At the station Callis's statement (Exhibit 1) was read to him and he said, "Callis asked me to go with him. He told me to smash the window and I smashed the window. It is not all true in the statement." When charged he said, "I know nothing about the money." GEORGE JAMES HUMPHREYS, manager, Messrs. Lockharts, 111, Queen Victoria Street. At 7 p.m. on March 19 I left this window on the premises all right, I fastened it myself. At seven the following morning I found it broken. The staff fund box had been broken open and the money was gone, the tobacco box was missing and the top of the cash register was broken it had contained two or three shillings, but it was now empty. We missed about 5s. or 6s. in all. Police-sergeant GEORGE MUGGRIDGE, 20 B. At 10 p.m. on March 19 I went to these premises. The rear of the premises was open. Looking over the shop window I saw Callis behind the counter. I called to him to come out. The cash-register till had been removed from the shop on the ground Floor into the basement; the three drawers had been forced. The tobacco box and the staff box had been forced. I found 2s. 1 1/2 d. on a gas stove on the ground floor. JAMES GILBERT (prisoner) being called upon for his defence, stated that he had nothing to say. Verdict, Guilty. Against Callis two convictions were proved in March and June, 1911, on the first of which he was bound over, and on the second was sentenced to 14 days' hard labour. In October, 1911, he was sentenced to two months' hard labour as a rogue and vagabond. Gilbert had been bound over for 12 months in 1911. Sentences: Callis, Three years, Gilbert Two and a half years', detention in a Borstal Institution. WOOD, James (32, chef) and TAYLOR, Vivian (20, clerk), breaking and entering the counting-house of George Henry Lawrence and others and stealing therein one bag, one coat, and other articles, the goods of George Henry Lawrence. Wood pleaded guilty. Mr. Kent prosecuted. CHARLES GUY SILVERSIDE, clerk to Blandford, Lawrence and Hann, accountants, Gresham House, Old Broad Street. On March 18, at 6 p.m., I left the office locked up properly. When I arrived on the following morning at 9.10 I found the private door wide open and a piece cut from the glass panel nearest the lock. There were some bloodstains on the door and the glass panel was also cracked right across. GEORGE HENRY LAWRENCE, partner in Brandford, Lawrence and Hann, accountants, corroborated previous witness as to the state of the private door on the morning of March 19, and added: On entering the office I found that most of the drawers of the clerks had been left open and on searching I missed the articles in this list (Exhibit 7), which I now identify as mine; in addition I missed a frock coat, a vest, and a pair of eye-glasses. I estimate the total value of the articles at  4. Prisoner had been in our employ about three weeks as a junior clerk. We paid him on March 16 his wages (I think they were  1), but he never returned, although we had not given him and he had not given us notice. Cross-examined by Taylor. There is not a sleeve link on this list (Exhibit 7.) Detective-sergeant Hubert Smith, City Police. On the morning of March 19 I was called to these offices, and I inspected the premises. I found the panel of the private door was broken sufficiently to allow a small hand to go through. The place was in disorder. On March 23 I went to 63, Wells Street, where I saw Taylor. I told him I was a police officer, and said, "Is your name Vivian Gordon Taylor?" He said, "Yes." I said, "I am making enquiries regarding property stolen from Messrs. Blandford, Lawrence and Hann on the 19th by means of office breaking. He said, "I do not know anything about it.' I found in his room this bag, containing the things mentioned in this list (Exhibit 7). (Witness produced the articles identified by Mr. Lawrence as his property.) I asked him how he had become possessed of them. This envelope (Exhibit 2), containing letters, which I also found in the bag, he said was his property, and the other articles, including the bag, he said belonged to a lodger named French. He said, "I first saw them on Wednesday. I knew they belonged to Mr. Blandford." I also found this sleeve link in the bag; prisoner was wearing the fellow to it; he said it was his. I asked him where he was on the 19th, and he said, "I was in bed till 12 o'clock (I took him to mean mid-day). French went out about 6.30 a.m." I found that "French" and Wood were the same person, and that he occupied the same room as Taylor I asked him where French was, and he said, "I do not know. I have got an appointment with a money lender at 2 o'clock in High Holborn." I asked him if French knew of the appointment, and he said, "Yes." I followed him to High Holborn, where he was joined by Wood, who was wearing the frock coat. I asked him to remove a glove that he had on his right hand. He did so, and found his hand bleeding. I arrested him, and asked Taylor to accompany me to the station, which he did. Wood said, "It is nothing to do with him," meaning Taylor. When charged at the station neither made any reply. (To Taylor.) I am certain you said that you recognised all the things as belonging to Mr. Blandford. The sleeve link and the letters were in the bag when I first saw them. I did not put them in there when I was in the room with you. (Defence.) VIVIAN TAYLOR (prisoner, on oath) read a long statement to the effect that he was innocent of the offence of breaking into these premises and stealing these articles or of giving any information concerning the premises to Wood; and the reason of his leaving on the Saturday prior to this offence without giving due notice was that two of his former acquaintances had threatened to expose to his employers that he owed them money; realising that he could not pay this by the following Monday, which they had insisted upon, he had not returned; that he had written to his employers informing them of this; that on. the evening of March 20 he was in the room occupied by himself and Wood, when he saw some articles which he recognised as belonging to Mr. Blandford; that this made him suspicious, but he had not sufficient courage to report the matter, as he felt that the blame would be attached to him. (To the Court.) Wood used to walk with me to business in the morning. I put the envelope containing the letters and the sleeve link into the bag at the request of the detective. Cross-examined. I thought these friends of mine would come to the office and tell my employers that I owed them money; their names were Witt and Gibbon; I owed them  2 10s. for a suit of clothes. On the Monday morning after leaving business I changed my address from Oakley Square to Wells Street temporarily. I have known Wood about five months; I did not ask him where he got these things from because I could not prove anything, and it was no business of mine. Verdict, Guilty of felonious receiving. Taylor confessed to a previous conviction of felony at the Newington Sessions on September 21, 1909, when he was sentenced to six months' hard labour. A subsequent conviction for stealing in 1910 was proved. It was stated that he was an associate of bad characters; and he had been befriended by the prosecutor on his previous conviction. Three previous convictions in 1910 were proved against Wood. Sentence (each): Twenty months' hard labour. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (Thursday, April 25.) ZELIGMAN, Harry (17, tailor) pleaded guilty, of feloniously sending to John Cohen a certain letter demanding with menaces the sum of  10. Evidence of good character having been given, prisoner was bound over in his own recognisances in  10 and his father in  20 to come up for judgment if called upon. MORRIS, James (30, shoemaker), and REYNOLDS, William (30, dealer), both unlawfully possessing counterfeit coin with intent to utter the same. Mr. Beaumont Morice prosecuted. Detective FREDERICK COPLEY, J Division. On March 18 at 5.30 p.m. with Detective Cleary, I saw prisoners in Aldersgate Street Railway Station acting suspiciously. We followed them into Long Lane, where I arrested Morris. He said, "I have done nothing." Cleary. arrested Reynolds. They were taken to Snow Hill Police Station and detained art) the back of the charge-room. I heard Reynolds say to Morris, "Bung them quickly." I saw Morris removing his right hand from the pocket of an officer's coat (produced), which was hanging up. Cleary said, "What have you put in that pocket?" and felt in the pocket. Reynolds said, "I thought you had got us." Cleary took from the pocket 13 counterfeit florins wrapped separately in paper. They were then charged with possessing counterfeit coin. They made no reply. As they were being taken to the cells Morris said, "If you feel in the pocket you will find three more." Reynolds said, "That is right. There were 16 when we found them in Old Street." I felt in the pocket, but found no others. The prisoners were searched. On Reynolds was found 4s. 7 1/2 d. and on Morris 1s. 1d. good money. When they said they found them in Old Street I pointed out to them that it was a very muddy day and that the paper in which the coins were wrapped was quite clean. Cross-examined. I have known Reynolds for some considerable time. At the station I only saw him talking to Morris. Reynolds gave his address. I went to his house and saw his wife. He told me to tell her not to worry. Detective AMBROSE CLEARY, G Division, corroborated. Police-constable SIDNEY TOMLINSON, 365 City. Coat produced is mine. It was hanging in the charge room. There were no bad coins in it. SIDNEY WILLIAM SMITH, assistant assayer, H.M. Mint. The 13 coins produced are counterfeit florins all made from the same mould. (Defence.) JAMES MORRIS (prisoner, on oath). On March 18 I left 53, Brunswick Street, Hackney Road, where I work, at 4.30 p.m. with the intention of going to see my brother in Roscoe Street, Bunhill Row. I had a glass of beer in a public-house in Aldersgate Street when I saw a small bundle of rags under the seat, which I picked up and left the public-house. I found inside a roll of newspaper, and was greatly surprised to see a lot of 2s. pieces wrapped singly in paper. To avoid the crowd I went into Aldersgate Station, intending to take a ticket to Edgware Road and examine them in the lavatory, and if they were bad I should have thrown them down the open lavatory. If they were good I own I should have changed them, as we were not in very good circumstances. As I approached the ticket office I saw Reynolds beckoning to me, and followed him out into Long Lane, when Detective Copley stopped me and said, "What is the game?" I got frightened about the coins, and replied, "What is the matter? I have got nothing." When I got in the charge-room I saw the coat hanging behind the door, and knowing that I could not prove where I got these 2s. pieces, and thinking I should get into trouble about them, I determined to put them in the jacket pocket, and did so. Reynolds never said, "Bung them" he knew nothing of my having them. I gave a wrong name and address because I was afraid of losing my situation. WILLIAM REYNOLDS (prisoner, on oath). I live at 2, Longmore Road, Bancroft Road, Mile End. On the day of my arrest I left home at 11 a.m. and saw my father at his yard at 16, Jacob Walk, Green Street, Bethnal Green, and got a few shillings from him. I was getting my living selling second-hand furniture, and I went to an auction sale in Euston Road to try and buy a cheap lot with the few shillings I had. Coming down Aldersgate Street on my way home I recognised Morris, whose name I did not know, ran after him into the booking office in Aldersgate Station, and called to him. He came out, and I said, "I will see you in a few minutes, "and went on. Detective Copley, seeing me call to the man, naturally enough, knowing something against me, thought I was with him. I waited, thinking Morris was coming back, when Cleary came up and said, "I want you." I was taken to the station and charged as a suspected person. I there saw Morris. I had no idea of anything wrong, and was sitting in the room adjoining the charge-room when Cleary asked Tomlinson if he had' anything in his pocket that did not belong to him. He then found these coins in the pocket. Copley said, "It surprises me. I never thought anything of that." I said, "How is it you charge me with this man? I am nothing at all to do with him." I gave my name and address. Copley said, "Bill" because he knew me "tell me all you know about this! and I will get you out of it." I said, "Believe me from the bottom of my heart, if I never see my wife and children again, I do not know how this man became possessed of these things. I cannot tell you anything. I have only just met the man." Copley said, "We know you know nothing about it." I did not know that Morris was doing anything wrong. If my wife is in court I can prove that Copley is not so honest as he appears to be, because four years ago he tried to entice my wife to do wrong. (Prisoner was warned by the Common Serjeant that it might not be wise for him to attack the officer's character.) My wife told me so; I believe it is true. Cross-examined. I knew Morris by eight, and have dealt with him in furniture. I called him "Jack." I have seen him with a barrow. I did not say, "I thought you had got us." I did not see Morris put his hand to the coat or tell him to "Bung them quickly." BEATRICE REYNOLDS, wife of the prisoner Reynolds, corroborated him with regard to his movements on March 18 and his dealings in furniture. Verdict: Morris, Guilty; Reynolds, Not guilty. Seven convictions were proved against Morris, including three years' penal servitude in December, 1906, for warehouse breaking loitering, etc. He was liberated on August 27, 1910, and had since been at work. No previous coinage offence. Sentence (Morris), Twelve months' hard labour. SAUNDERS, John (26, tailor) pleaded guilty, of stealing one bale of drapery, the goods of Thomas Davies. Prisoner confessed to having been convicted of felony at this Court on September 10, 1907. Prisoner pleaded not guilty of being a habitual criminal. Service of the notices and fiat of the Director of Public Prosecutions were proved; also three Statutory convictions as follows: North London Sessions, June 20, 1905, 12 months' hard labour for larceny; at this Court, September 10, 1907, three years' penal servitude for stealing; London Sessions, March 1, 1910, 21 months' hard labour   and licence revoked for stealing. Seven other convictions were proved. Stated to have been a persistent thief for the past ten years. On March 1, 1910, was indicted as a habitual criminal with two others who were convicted as such, but prisoner was acquitted. He was stated to have occasionally worked selling vegetables from a barrow. (Defence.) Detective JOHN NEWING. In February, 1910, when I had prisoner in custody, I made inquiries and found that when he came out from his previous sentence of penal servitude he had bought vegetables and sold them in the street, but had gone back to his old associates. JOHN NOREY, greengrocer, 9, Leech Street, St. Luke's. Prisoner has worked honestly for me in 1901, 1902, 1903, and 1904 when out of prison; also in December, 1911 Verdict, Guilty. Sentence postponed to Tuesday next. (Tuesday, April 30.) The Oommon Serjeant. I postponed sentence in this case because I had some difficulty in dealing with it on the doubt whether a prisoner under 30 years ought to be treated as a habitual criminal. You seem to have studied the law and practice on the subject. You are quite right that a recent Home Secretary issued a circular directed to the release authorities (but, by another circular also, to the judges), stating certain conditions which in his opinion ought to be observed in dealing with offenders under this Act, which enables habitual criminals to be detained after a period of penal servitude; and, according to the circular sent out, expresses his opinion that, unless there are strong special reasons, an offender must be over the age of 30 years before he is dealt with as a habitual criminal. Looking at the Statute I find that. while the regulations for the treatment of habitual criminals, when sentenced to preventive detention, appear to make regulations with regard to the detention, as to which by the Statute power is vested in the Secretary of State, the discretion, the determination whether an offender is a fit subject to be treated as a habitual criminal is reposed in the Director of Public Prosecutions, who is appointed with reference to his special knowledge of the administration of the criminal law knowledge of crime and offenders; and the Director of Public Prosecutions has given his certificate, which is to the effect that yours is a case fit for treatment under the Act. Every circular to judges from the Home Office of course the judges must treat, and would treat, with the greatest consideration; but I must obey the Act of Parliament, which places in the hands of the Director of Public Prosecutions the determination, the decision, of what offenders are fit to be dealt with under the Act, and under these circumstances I am at least at liberty to trust to his ability to exercise his own judgment. The Act appears to be not only an Act for the benefit of old offenders for the protection of the public to prevent them from preying upon society, but it is also to my mind clearly an Act intended for the benefit of those who are habitual offenders. It makes special provision for the reform, if possible, off those who are habitual criminals, and their treatment in such a way that they shall learn by work to regain their position. In my own judgment and discretion I cannot help feeling that yours is one of the very few cases in view of which the Act was framed. Therefore, instead of sentencing you to a long period of penal servitude, I am at liberty, if I feel it my duty, to sentence you under the special Act which is provided for such cases as yours. The sentence upon you is that you be kept in penal servitude for Three years, to be followed by Five years' preventive detention. BEFORE MR. JUSTICE COLERIDGE. (Friday, April 26.) AMES, Hugh Lawrenson (45), and WILSON, Flora Matilda (40), (otherwise Flora Matilda Ames). Ames, feloniously marrying Flora Matilda Wilson, his former wife being then alive; Wilson, feloniously marrying H.L. Ames, her former husband being then alive; feloniously aiding and abetting the said H.L. Ames to commit the felony aforesaid. Bath prisoners pleaded not guilty. Subsequently, Ames stated that his plea was given in error, and, on the advice of his counsel, "from the technical point of view," he pleaded guilty. Wilson also corrected her pleas into guilty of bigamy, not guilty of aiding and abetting Ames to commit the felony. Mr. Muir and Mr. Graham-Campbell prosecuted; Mr. George Elliott, K.C. and Mr. Frampton appeared for prisoners. Mr. Muir said that, upon the indictment to which Wilson had pleaded not guilty, there would arise difficulty in technical proof of knowledge by her that Ames's wife was alive, and the prosecution would be content to leave the pleas as they stood. Wilson was married in London in September, 1897, to Mr. Charles Northesk Wilson, who was still alive. Before that she was the wife of Colonel Montinaro, whom she divorced. Ames was married in 1890 to Miss Kate Palmer, and his wife was still alive. The two prisoners entered into a marriage in England on January 27, 1911. They were both described in the certificate as previously married on June 29, 1910, at Oakland, California. The gravity of the offence and the public importance of it was that these two persons obviously set out to America in order to procure in America a so-called divorce for the male prisoner, which divorce could only be procured by means of perjury committed in America, which perjury was, in fact, committed by both prisoners for that purpose. Having by means of perjured testimony on the part of both procured a decree for the dissolution of the marriage between the male prisoner and his wife, they entered into a ceremony of marriage in Idaho on June 29, 1910. They then returned to England and went through the marriage ceremony here on January 27, 1911. Wilson brought a suit for divorce against her own husband, in the course of that suit the documents in the American proceedings came before the court, and the facts were laid before the Director of Public Prosecutions. Counsel then detailed the false evidence given by both prisoners in America in order to procure the divorce of Ames from his wife. Mr. George Elliott, on behalf of the prisoners, reminded his Lordship that none of the grave aspects usual in bigamy charges were present in this case. Wilson had not been deceived or induced by any false representations of Ames to go through the form of marriage. As to the proceedings in America, Ames believed that, as he had acquired property in that country, his wife enjoyed the same status with him, and it was in that state of circumstances that the American divorce was obtained. Both these prisoners bona-fide believed, when they went through the ceremony of marriage, that they were free to do so. Sentence (each prisoner): Six months' imprisonment, second division. WEBB, James (49, carman), carnally knowing Eugenie Webb, knowing her to be his daughter. (Heard in camera; Punishment of. Incest Act, 1908.) Verdict, Not guilty. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Friday, April 26.) FIDLER, Edwin Alfred (23, commissionaire), stealing a postal packet containing a postal order for 10s. 6d. and five penny postage stamps, the property of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, he being an officer of the Post Office. Mr. Forster Boulton prosecuted; Mr. J.D. Fitzgerald defended. MALCOLM BRODIE, clerk, Secretary's Office, G.P.O. In consequence of losses of letters containing postal orders passing through the Threadneedle Street office, I began making investigations. There are two counters inside that office, and the postal-order counter is on the right side as you enter; it is the nearest department to the lobby where the commissionaire, the prisoner, stand; from the door he would be able to see anything that goes on at the counter. On April 15 I made up a test packet containing five penny stamps, which I marked with my initials and the date in invisible ink, and a letter, and I went to that office and bought a 10s. 6d. postal order at 8.15 a.m.; prisoner, the commissionaire, was standing at the door of the lobby about two yards away from me at the time. At the counter I put the postal order in the envelope, sealed it down securely with stamp edging, and posted it in the "Town "box outside, The envelope was pink. I next saw prisoner at the G.P.O. at 2 p.m. I told him who I was and that I had been making enquiries with regard to losses of letters containing postal orders at Threadneedle Street. I cautioned him and told him that this test packet I had made up had not-been received; I described him its contents and told him when and where I had posted it. I said, "There is reason to think you took the letter from the basement. Do you wish to say anything about it?" He said, "Yes; I picked the letter up in the basement. I have the postal order in my pocket.' He then produced the postal order and four loose penny stamps: I applied acid to the stamps and found they bore my initials and the date. When I had originally enclosed the five stamps they were not separated. I asked him what he had done with the envelope, and he said he had torn it up. I asked him what had become of the fifth stamp and he said he had used it to send for a catalogue to Gamages'. I gave him into custody. He said nothing when charged. Cross-examined. He did not prevaricate or attempt to run away; he has told the same story from start to finish. I produce three other postal orders that I have heard he cashed the same morning at Threadneedle Street post office; their values are 3s., 4s., and 3s. (Exhibit 4). Between the postal-order counter and the lobby there is hardly a door at all; there is an opening. I am sure that the counter is not in a recess. When enclosing the postal order I could see out of the corner of my eye that he was watching me. I did not see him watching me posting the letter. This is my first case; I have been working under an experienced officer throughout. I know prisoner has only one arm. I have never been down to the basement of this office. Re-examined. One of the stamps on these postal orders (Exhibit 4) I identify as one I put into the test packet. WILLIAM HENRY SMITH, clerk, Investigation Branch, G.P.O. At 8.15 a.m. on April 15 I was on duty outside the Threadneedle Street post office when I saw Brodie enter the office. At 8.20 he came out of the front entrance and posted a letter in the "Town" aperture. Just a few seconds before prisoner came out of the private entrance, used only by officials, and stood on the kerb about two yards away from the post office and watched Brodie post the letter. He then returned by the private entrance. Cross-examined. It would not be part of prisoner's duty to watch or to enter the public office; it was his duty to remain in the lobby He does not have to act as a messenger; I understand he looks after the keys and has to see that nobody but officials enter the office by that side entrance. I am familiar with the inside of the building. There is a shoot from the letter-boxes down which the letters go into bags which are enclosed in cupboards, the doors of which shut with a click. I have been in the Investigation branch six years. I heard of those doors being accidentally left open on one occasion. No doubt it does happen that a letter sometimes over-shoots the mark and goes into the cupboard. I have also heard of a letter having jammed in the shoot. I heard that on one occasion prisoner handed five such letters he had found to the overseer, but it was not in these boxes he found them. (To the Court. These boxes are emptied every hour. It was not part of prisoner's duty to see whether there were any letters stuck in the shoot.) It is certainly his duty if he finds letters in the wrong place to hand them to his superior officer. Re-examined. I have made a thorough examination of the box in which Brodie posted the letter and, as far as I can see, it is perfectly in order. GEORGE HENRY BLUNDELL, Inspector, Threadneedle Street Post Office. I have been there on and off for seven years. Prisoner was employed there as a commissionaire. If by a mischance a letter did not all into the bag it would fall into the cupboard at the side of the bag, but this is very unusual, unless there is a lot posted; occasionally they stick on the top of the ledge between the woodwork and the zinc. It is the duty of the postman alone to unlock the door, take the bag from the cupboard, seal the bag, and lock the door again. When he comes on duty at about 8.45 a.m. he gets the keys from the commissionaire, in whose charge they are, and he retains them till he leaves at about 8.15 p.m., when he returns them to the commissionaire. 9 a.m. is the first despatch and 8 p.m. the last. The post-boxes are shut between 8 p.m. and 8 a.m.; the commissionaire locks them up at night. There is easy access from the lobby to the cupboards. The room in which the cupboards are is only used by the staff for cooking their dinner and keeping coals. If an official finds a letter it is his duty to hand it to the assistant superintendent or, if he is not there, to me. I come at 11 a.m. and leave at 7.15 p.m. Cross-examined. If he found a letter on the floor of the despatch-room it would be his duty to hand it to me, if I was downstairs at the time. It would not be possible for a single letter to get out of the cupboard on to the floor if the door was left open. I have seen the cupboard doors open and told the postman about it, and he has locked them up. It is true that the doors are taken off their hinges at certain periods of the evening to take the letters from the bags, but that has never happened in the day time. I was informed yesterday that on November 18 prisoner found a postal order for 10s. on the counter, which he gave up. On March 30 he found five letters jammed in the letter-box and he reported the matter to Mr. Blundell; on his instructions he got them out and handed them to him, Mr. Blundell. On the Saturday before Easter Cryer, a postal clerk, handed the safe key to him under cover and he may possibly have had it in his charge over Sunday. I do not know what the contents of the safe were; I should think it contained several hundreds of pounds' worth of postal orders and stamps. I was given to understand that one evening the safe had been left open inadvertently, but it was not the prisoner who discovered this; it was Charlton, another commissionaire. Only the staff would have access to the despatch-room. There is nothing against prisoner as far as the official record is concerned; he has been in the employ of the G.P.O. since September, 1909. His duty would be to walk up and down and keep observation. On one occasion, I have heard, he reproved a messenger, boy for going down to the despatch-room, and he was himself reproved for doing so. Brodie could not have possibly placed his test letter on the floor of the despatch-room because, being a stranger to the office, he would not have been allowed down there without the authority of the chief clerk. I know prisoner is in receipt of a pension and I believe if he is convicted of felony he will lose it. I have never heard of these doors of the cupboards having been found left open in the morning. Re-examined. When Brodie bought the postal order he came in as a member of the public. The commissionaire would have stopped him going down to the basement if he had attempted to do so. WILLIAM JOHN VIOLET, assistant superintendent, Eastern Central District Office. I was on duty at the King Edward Street Office on April 15 when the 9.11 a.m. collection arrived from Threadneedle Street: it arrived at 9.55. I examined the contents of the bags. I looked especially for a letter addressed to "Mrs. Brodie," but I did not find it. Detective ALFRED KIBBY, A Division. I was present on April 15 at the G.P.O. when Mr. Brodie interviewed prisoner. (Witness corroborated Malcolm Brodie's evidence as to what passed.) He was given into my custody. On him I found several undefaced stamps torn from envelopes, amongst which was one bearing Mr. Brodie's marks. He gave no explanation. At the station he made no reply when charged. Cross-examined. subsequently went to prisoner's home, which was spotlessly clean. His wife drew my attention to a box containing some money; she told me it was his last quarter's pension. I did not search his locker at the Post Office. I found no pawn tickets anywhere. MALCOLM BEODIE, recalled, stated that he had received the three postal orders (Exhibit 4) from William Henry Smith. This witness, recalled, stated that he had obtained them from the superintendent in charge of the Thread needle Street Post Office. JOSEPH HERBERT CRYER, clerk, Threadneedle Street Post Office. Between 10.15 and 10.45 a.m. on April 15 these three postal orders (Exhibit 4) were presented to me by prisoner for payment. They are made payable to "E.A. Fidler" and are endorsed with that name in the same handwriting. They had upon them stamps they now bear. It frequently happens that postal orders are filled in and endorsed by the same person. Cross-examined. There is nothing on the orders to show at what hour they were cashed. I have reason to know it was not between 9 and 10 a.m. Prisoner's statement before the magistrate. "I had never seen the letter before the witness posted it. I had never been near him. I had never seen the address on it." (Defence.) EDWIN ALFRED FIDLER (prisoner, on oath), 74, Ling Road, Plaistow. My father was a petty officer in the Navy. I was in the Navy from 1904 to 1909, when I was invalided in consequence of losing my left arm. I joined the Corps of Commissionaires, Who sent me to the G.P.O. I am now getting 1s. 3d. a day pension. I was employed as commissionaire, taking turns with three others at Threadneedle Street and I was paid 26s. 3d. a week. At 7.25 a.m. I came on duty and unlocked the side entrance at 7.45. I unlocked the letter-box and at 8 I opened the front doors and the outside locks of the letter-boxes. I then took up my position in the commissionaire's box and gave out the keys to the proper persons. It is part of my general duties to keep watch from the lobby; if I saw anybody acting suspiciously I should not be allowed to leave my post, but to give information to my superior officer. At 8.25 on April 15 I think I went down to the despatch-room to make some tea, and as I was passing the letter-boxes to get to my locker I saw a letter on the floor. As it was my duty to do, I picked it up and put it in my pocket with the intention of giving it up to the superintendent when I got upstairs. The superintendent arrives at ten; I had always understood that I should give such letters to him. I do not know who was in charge at the time. I noticed the door of the cupboards were open. I was that morning expecting a letter from a Mr. Chandler, addressed to me at the Post Office, and as a matter of fact I had received it at 7.45 a.m.; I knew what its contents were; I expected to receive 10s. 6d.; the letter actually contained two postal-orders for 3s. and one for 4s., with sixpenny stamps attached. I placed it in my pocket unopened, and it was into the same pocket I put the letter that I found. I then had my breakfast. I took out, as I thought, the letter I had received and opened it without looking at the address; I had forgotten the letter I had found. I then found I had opened the wrong one. I opened my own letter, and I now produce the envelope, it only contained a little receipt, which I destroyed. I cashed my three postal-orders. I did not see Brodie at all that day until I was called to the General Post Office. I saw no one posting a letter. In my luncheon time I went to Gamage's, Cheapside, to get a catalogue, which I had promised to send to him. I returned to the Post Office and posted it to him. When cashing my own orders I returned the letter which I had found to my pocket, intending to give it to the Postmaster when he arrived. I had plenty of opportunity of cashing that postal-order for 10s. 6d. when I went to Gamage's. On my return I was summoned to the secretary's office, where I told Mr. Brodie that I had picked up the letter but had forgotten to give it up. On the Saturday before Easter I was entrusted with the safe key, which I kept charge of during Sunday and Monday. At home at this time I had the balance of my pension money,  2 12s. 6d. I produce my Commissionaires' Corps Savings' Bank Book, and my discharge, marked "Very Good." Cross-examined. I will swear I did not go down to the despatch-room at 3.15 a.m. that morning; there is nothing to make me certain, but 8.25 is my usual time for going down. The cupboard doors were not usually kept locked and when I found them open I did not report it because it was a natural thing; besides, the postman is in charge of that room, not I. I will not say they were usually open. Having charge of the keys it would be part of my duty to see that they are locked. When I found them open on this morning I did not touch them. I did not tell the postman when he came at 8.30 they were open, because, as I say, it was natural to find them so. It is true that at 9 a.m. I knew Inspector Clapham was on the premises, but I did not think he was the proper person to give the letter to; I intended to wait until I saw the Postmaster, who had not then arrived. I was arrested before I saw him. It is true that there is no postmark on the envelope of my own letter, but I may have torn that off in the course of opening it. I do not know the name of the clerk who handed me the letter. Chandler is a bookmaker and I now and again had a bet with him. I did not notice that the colour of the envelope I was opening by mistake was pink. I tore it up, still thinking it was my own letter, as it contained what I was expecting. When I found out my mistake shortly afterwards I went back to try and find the pieces and I found a few pieces; one containing the stamp and I put it in my pocket to hand it in. I found out my mistake because I found I had 5d. too much. I attached Chandler's six stamps and five other stamps I had in my possession to the postal orders and cashed them. By inadvertence one of the stamps I so attached was one of the stamps in Mr. Brodie's letter. I attached three of the stamps I found in the letter to the 10s. 6d. postal order to prevent them being lost. I may have at about 8.15 come into the street, but not with the object of watching Brodie post the letter. Re-examined. It transpired that the stamps I put on Gamage's catalogue was not one of Mrs. Brodie's stamps, but one of my own. GEORGE CHANDLER, bookmaker. On April 14 I addressed a letter to prisoner at the Threadneedle Street Post Office enclosing in it postal orders for 10s. and 6 penny stamps, which I did not attach to the postal orders. This is the envelope that I sent. It is in my son's Handwriting. Either he or I posted it. Cross-examined. That was the amount of his winnings. I did very little business with him. To the Jury. I keep no books. The previous transaction I had with him prior to this was a fortnight before. To the Court, It is very seldom that I write the name of the payee on the postal order. He has only betted small amounts. (Rebutting evidence.) ALFRED WILLIAM CLAPHAM, Assistant Inspector of Messengers. At about 8 a.m. on April 15 I went down into the dispatch room at the Threadneedle Street Post Office to look at the cupboards. The doors were all shut. I remained on duty till 4 p.m. Prisoner saw me when I firs; came in. If he found a letter it was his duty to hand it to me. He never did so on that day, nor did he report to me that the doors were open. I know they were shut at 8.25 a.m. Cross-examined. It was part of my duty to see those doors were shut. That was my first day on duty there and I was told what I had to do, so I remember this day particularly well. (Saturday, April 27.) Verdict, Guilty, "but we very strongly recommend him to mercy; we consider that there was contributory negligence on the part of the Post Office in leaving the place so badly guarded." It was stated that from this post office since last August prisoner, it was believed, had cashed postal orders amounting to  10 8s. 6d. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (Friday, April 26.) DOUGLAS, Edd (45, waiter) and HARRINGTON, Amos Arthur, otherwise Arthur Hale (40, manager), both unlawfully uttering counterfeit coin four times on the same day. Douglas pleaded guilty. Mr. Robert Wilkinson prosecuted; Mr. E.F. Lever defended Harrington. CHARLES NORMAN GOLD, 10 High Road, Chiswick, chemist. At about 4 p.m. on March 16, Douglas came into my shop, purchased a pair of washing gloves (produced), price 4 1/2 d., and tendered half-crown (produced) in payment. I weighed the coin, found it was very light, and told him it was a bad one. He then paid for the purchase with a good florin, I gave him the bad half-crown back, and he went out. At the police station that night I picked him out from a number of other men. ARTHUR GEORGE WRENCH, 28 High Road, Chiswick, chemist. At about 4 p.m., on March 16, Douglas entered my shop, purchased a pot of pomade, price 9 1/2 d., and tendered half-crown (produced), which I examined and found to be bad. I told him it was bad and he paid with a good florin. I gave him the half-crown back and he went out. I followed him and saw him join Harrington 50 yards down the road. They went on together until they got to the "Roebuck" public-house, when Douglas entered, leaving Harrington standing outside. I noticed Harrington was carrying black cloth bag (produced). Douglas then came out of the public-house and they proceeded down the road together, I then left them and gave information. While in the police station I looked out of the window, saw on the opposite side of the road the two prisoners walking together towards the station, and pointed them out to the police. I then saw Douglas go into the "Prince of Wales" public-house, which is opposite station, leaving Harrington outside. Douglas came out and two plain-clothed police officers crossed the road; one-of them arrested Douglas; Harrington attempted to get away, going behind a taxi-cab which was standing there, but was arrested and they were both brought over to the police station. Cross-examined. When Douglas left my shop I had to put on my coat before I could follow him and he had got some distance down the road by the time I got outside my shop. I caught them up and walked along on the opposite side of the road. I tried to see them without being seen myself. It is a broad road with tramlines and a good deal of traffic. I did not pay much attention to Harrington. Re-examined. As I was walking on the opposite side of the road I distinctly saw both of their faces. EMILY HARRIS, wife of Frederick James Harris, licensee of the "Roebuck" public-house. At about 4.40 p.m. on March 16, Douglas called for a glass of ale, price 2d., and tendered in payment half-crown (produced). I rang it three times on the counter and then gave his change, and he went out. Shortly after a police officer called, to whom I gave the coin. That evening I picked Douglas out from a number of other men as being the man who passed that half-crown. MARGARET PERRY, wife of John Perry, licensee of the "Prince of Wales" public-house. Between 4.30 and 5 p.m. on March 16 Douglas called for 3d. worth of whisky, tendering a half-crown in payment. He then went out. The police officers then came in and I handed them the coin. I afterwards picked Douglas out from a number of other men as being the man who tendered that half-crown. Sub-divisional Inspector ARTHUR COPPING, T Division. On March 16, a little after 4 p.m., Wrench came to the police station, made a statement, and pointed out the two prisoners, who were on the opposite side of the road. Harrington was carrying bag (produced). I gave instructions to two plain-clothes officers. Douglas went into the "Prince of Wales," leaving Harrington standing on the kerb. A few seconds afterwards Douglas came out, rejoined Harrington, and began walking on. The two officers then crossed the road, arrested the prisoners, and brought them across to the station. Douglas, in the presence of Harrington, said, "Why should I be put to this indignity. I do not know this man. I told them they would be detained for being together, uttering counterfeit coin. Harrington said, "That is right; I do not know him. The prisoners were put up for identification and picked out by Gold, Harris, and Perry. When charged both replied, "All right; I understand." Police-constable JAMES BORRETT, 592 T. On March 16, in conesquence of instructions from Inspector Copping, Police-constable Simms and I kept observation on the prisoners, who were near the "Prince of Wales." Harrington passed something to Douglas, they walked on a little way, and Douglas went into the "Prince of Wales," leaving Harrington outside beside a stationary taxi-cab. Simms and I followed Douglas, and saw him tender a half-crown, for which he received change. He then went out, rejoined Harrington, and they commenced to walk away when Simms arrested Douglas. Harrington then ran away; I caught him and told him I was a police officer and should arrest him for being concerned with Douglas in passing a counterfeit half-crown. He said, "I do not know the man at all. I took him to the station; he was charged; I searched him and found on him eight florins, 44 shillings, five sixpences, 1s. 2d. in bronze (all good money), and a bag, which contained three one-ounce packets of tobacco, price 4 1/2 d. each, five packets of sweets, one bottle of hair pomade, one pair of nail scissors in a case, one knife, one lead pencil, two washing gloves, and some paper (all produced). Police-constable OWEN SIMMS, 325 T, corroborated the last witness. Mrs. Perry handed me half-crown (produced). I searched Douglas and found on him one half-sovereign, two florins, and 3d. in bronze, good money. SIDNEY WILLIAM SMITH, Assistant Assayer, H.M. Mint. The two coins (produced) are counterfeit half-crowns made from the same mould. (Defence.) ARTHUR HARRINGTON (prisoner, on oath). I live at 293, Odessa Road, Forest Gate, and am a barman. On March 16 I called at the "Palace Tavern," Hammersmith, to see a pal to see if he could get me a job, as I was out of work at the time. As I could not see him at the time I took a walk to the "Roebuck" public-house, and had a drink. When I came out I saw Douglas, whom I knew as a bookmaker by the name of Robinson, shaking hands with and saying "Good day" to another man. Douglas then turned to me and said, "Hullo, young swell, what are you doing up here?. and we got into a friendly conversation. Finally, he said, "Will you hold the bag for a moment, I want to pop across the road and do a bit of business. "Thinking he was going to do some betting I took the bag, we walked on, and then he went into the "Prince of Wales "public-house. As I had just had a drink I waited outside. Douglas came out and was arrested; I walked towards him to see what was the matter. I thought perhaps he had got into trouble over illegal betting. The police-constable then caught hold of me; I asked him what was the matter. He said, "Oh, I want you to go to the police station." I said, "What for?" He said, "Nevar mind what for, I want you to go to the police-station." A, the police station Douglas said he did not know me, and I said, "That is right, I do not know him. "Nothing was passed between Douglas and me before the arrest. Cross-examined. I was not telling the truth when I denied knowing Douglas. At the time of my arrest I had been out of employment for four months. The money which was found on me at my arrest consisted of  1 10s., which a friend had given me that day in payment of a loan, and also of money which I have saved up. My friend paid me in silver. I gave my address to the police as "5, Dorset Street, Fleet Street, E.C. "That was a false address; I gave it because I did not want my wife, who was ill, to be upset. Verdict (Harrington), Guilty. Convictions proved: Harrington, September 21, 1903, Marlborough Street Police Court, three months' hard labour for stealing money; September 26, 1899, West Ham Police Court, one month hard labor? for stealing money. Douglas admitted having been convicted at this court on July 18, 1910, receiving three months' hard labour for uttering and possessing counterfeit coin in the name of Edwin Robinson; also sentenced on June 26, 1911, at this court to nine months' hard labour for stealing whisky from a public-house. Sentences: Douglas, Twelve months' hard labour; Harrington, Six months' hard labour. BERNSTEIN, Alexander (43, merchant) pleaded guilty, of maliciously publishing a certain defamatory libel of and concerning Helena Amy Salmen. Evidence of good character having been given, prisoner, on his undertaking not to repeat the offence and to pay the costs of the prosecution, was released on his own recognisances in  200 to come up for judgment on the first day of the June Session. HOLLEBONE, Harold Trench (24, no occupation), having received certain property, to wit certain stock and share certificates and sums of money, the proceeds of the said certificates, amounting in all to  9,239 0s. 5d., for and on account of Amelia Elizabeth Hignett and others, unlawfully did fraudulently convert the several sums of  1,000,  100,  450,  1,260 8s. 4d.,  2,500,  50,  100,  50, and  250 to his own use and benefit; having jointly with the said A.E. Hignett received the said property for and on account of the said persons unlawfully did fraudulently convert the said sums to his own use and benefit; being an undischarged bankrupt did unlawfully obtain credit to the extent of  20 and upwards, from Maple and Company, Limited, to the extent of  118 12s. 10d., and from John Henry Bell to the extent of  800, without informing them that he was an undischarged bankrupt. Prisoner was tried on the first two indictments. Mr. Muir and Mr. Graham-Campbell prosecuted; Mr. C.F. Gill, K.C., and Mr. Montagu Shearman, jun., defended. WALTER SCOTT, clerk to Registrar, Bankruptcy Court, Portsmouth. I produce file of prisoner's bankruptcy; Petition of debtor and receiving order, June 4, 1901; adjudication, June 15; statement of affairs, June 4, showing liabilities  2,112 5s. 7d., assets nil; undischarged. GEORGE INGLIS BOYLE, messenger, London Court of Bankruptcy. I produce file of prisoner's bankruptcy: Creditors' petition, May 12, 1910; receiving order, June 4; adjudication, August 12. The public examination was fixed for July 21, adjourned to August 30 and to October 27, when it was adjourned sine die; the debtor has not appeared to take his public examination. There is no statement of affairs filed. SAMUEL CHARLES, clerk, Probate Registry, Somerset House. I produce sealed copy of the will of Juliana Hirst; probate granted to Colonel Charles Harrison Hignett, sole executor, on April 27, 1909; further probate of October 9, 1909, de bonis non, granted to Mrs. Amelia Elizabeth Hignett, administratrix of Colonel Hignett. I also produce sealed copy of grant of administration to Mrs. A.E. Hignett of the estate of her late husband, Colonel C.H. Hig nett, dated July 3, 1909, and will of C.H. Hignett attached thereto. Cross-examined. The effect of these documents is that Juliana Hirst, in 1896, leaves everything she is possessed of (except  100) to Colonel Hignett. Colonel Hignett, by his will of October 17, 1901, leaves everything to Juliana Hirst. Juliana Hirst died in March. 1909, and probate issued to Colonel Hignett of her estate, value  9,757, the net personalty being  9,712. Colonel Hignett then died and his widow, A.E. Hignett, was appointed administratrix of the joint estates, of the gross value of  11, 563. LIONARD SAMUEL GUY, member of the Stock Exchange. I act for Hollebone Brothers, and Trench, stock and share brokers, 18, Birchin Lane. On July 14, 1909, I received letter from Mrs. Hignett: "Re Colonel Hignett. Kindly take all instructions in this matter from my son-in-law, Harold Trench Hollebone," and letter of July 29, 1909, "Kindly pay all proceeds of stock or shares sold on account of the estate of the late Colonel E.H. Hignett to the account of H. T. Hollebone." Between July 24 and November 25, 1909, my firm sold stocks and shares on prisoner's instructions to the net amount of  9,387 15s. 9d., which was paid to prisoner's account in the National Provincial Bank of England, Bishopsgate. I produce cheques, also copies of accounts rendered to prisoner. Cross-examined. Mrs. Hignett was advised of all the transactions; she also came to the office once or twice before the sales took place. GEORGE TUCKER ELLICOTT, cleak to the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies. I produce file of "Musical Enterprise, Limited," registered January 22, 1909, capital  12, 000, prisoner being a subscriber to the memorandum of association and articles as tile holder of a  1 share; registered office, York House, Norfolk Street, Strand. No further returns were filed. I have three letters returned to my department as undelivered. I produce file of "Captain Windham, Limited," registered February 26, 1910; capital  12, 000, the object of the company being to manufacture and deal in a water softener. Prisoner is the holder of one share and is also a director; the registered office is Carlton House, Regent Street; nothing is filed after the prospectus. I produce file of the National Provincial Insurance Corporation, Limited, registered December 7, 1904, capital  2,000. On July 14, 1909, prisoner became a director and the holder of 5, 000 shares. On February 28, 1910, there is a resolution to increase the capital to  250, 000. On December 24, 1909, there is an allotment of 5, 000 shares, 1s. a share paid up, to Arthur Hope Hignett. On June 16, 1910, prisoner resigned the directorate. On April 28, 1911, there is a return showing that prisoner had, on May 19, 1910, transferred his 5, 000 shares to Evelyn Hollebone. On July 6, 1912, there is an order of the Court for a compulsory winding up. RICHARD GAINS BRAKE, clerk to Mr. John Baker, Receiver in the liquidation of the National Provincial Insurance Corporation, Limited, and A.W. Leany, clerk to the liquidator, produced transfers of shares in that company to and from prisoner. ARTHUR FREDERICK BAKER, clerk, National Provincial Bank of England, Bishopsgate. I produce account of prisoner with my bank, opened June 14, 1909, to June 27, 1910, when a credit balance of  2 6s. 7d. was handed to the Official Receiver. Ten cheques of Hollebone Brothers and Trench, amounting to  8,673 7s. 2d. were paid in. (Witness gave particulars of payments out of the various sums mentioned in the indictment to "Musical Enterprises, Limited" "Captain Windham, Limited," "the National Provincial Insurance Corporation," and others). Those sums could only have been paid from the cheques of Hollebone Brothers and Trench. (Tuesday, April 30.) Further evidence was given as to the payment by prisoner of sums charged. Detective-sergeant ALFRED ANDERTON, City. On March 2 I found prisoner detained at the Town Hall, Portsmouth, and read the warrant to him charging him that, having received property amounting to  9,239 for and on account of Mrs. Hignett, he did unlawfully convert to his own use  1,000 on August 4,  1,000 on November 3,  1,000 on November 12,  450 on December 4,  460 8s. 4d. on December 29, 1909,  2,500 on January 19, 1910, and a sum of  50. He said, "I am ready to go back with you at your convenience. I have been expecting this. If I had known that the warrant was out I would have surrendered at the Old Jewry when I was in the City yesterday." I brought him to London, where he was charged. On the way he said, "What are the items in the warrant. "I read them again to him. He said, "The  1,000 is a cheque I gave Miller for the purpose of floating a rubber company. Miller gave the cheque to a man named Newman who, instead of bringing out the company paid his own debts, amounting to  900, out of it. I never received a penny back. "I went to the Granada Hotel, Portsmouth, and found a trunk containing documents, including "statement of liabilities" produced. Mr. Gill stated that he had advised the prisoner that there was no answer to the case. The Common Serjeant said he had been wondering what the legal defence could be, and further, what on earth could have induced prisoner to throw away the money of which his wife would have got a share; he appeared to have got nothing out of it. Prisoner having pleaded guilty, a verdict was returned accordingly. (Wednesday, May 1.) Sentence: Nine days' imprisonment. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Friday, April 26.) LEWIS, Joseph (35, barber), and JACOBOVITCH, Lottie (38) ; both conspiring and agreeing together to take or cause to be taken Sarah Lefkovitch, an unmarried girl under the age of 16 years, out of the possession and against the will of her mother; Lewis carnally knowing the said S. Lefkovitch, a girl over the age of 13 and under the age of 16 years; Jacobovitch unlawfully procuring the said S. Lefkovitch to have carnal connection with Morris Hookberg. Mr. Huntly Jenkins prosecuted; Mr. Purcell defended Jacobovitch. At the close of the case for the prosecution, Mr. Purcell submitted on behalf of Jacobovitch that the evidence of the prosecutrix was not corroborated in some material particular implicating the accused as required by the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885. This being upheld by Judge Lumley Smith, the Jury were directed to find a formal verdict of not guilty, and prisoner was discharged. Verdict (Lewis), Guilty of carnally knowing. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. BEFORE THE BECORDER. (Saturday, April 27.) IZARD, Claud Hamilton (40, writer), and IZARD, Rhoda Emily (28), obtaining by false pretences from Thomas Syms, the sums of  5,  5,  10,  10,  15,  10,  5,  15,  15,  5,  5,  30 and  5, and a cheque for  20 in each case with intent to defraud. Mr. Bodkin and Mr. Gatti prosecuted; Mr. Cassels defended. Mr. Bodkin opened the case. (Monday, April 29.) FREDERIC LEONARD CARTWRIGHT, official shorthand writer, London Bankruptcy Court, produced and proved transcripts of shorthand notes taken by him of the sworn evidence given by prisoners at private sittings held in the course of the bankruptcy of Thomas Syms. THOMAS SYMS. I was admitted as a solicitor in 1891, and practised in Manchester and in London. I am married and have children. I lived near Manchester, and frequently came to London on business. In July, 1911, I became bankrupt, and part of my bankruptcy was made up of a sum of  989 3s. 2d., which had come into mv hands on behalf of a client, Mrs. Jane Yurgess. In January this year criminal proceedings were taken against me in this court, before Mr. Justice Lush (see preceding volume, p. 344). I pleaded guilty to misappropriation of the sum, and sentence was postponed. At some time prior to 1906, I formed the acquaintance of a lady called in subsequent letters "M.L.O." She died in April, 1906; I think I formed a very deep attachment for her. I have known spiritualism since 1871, and after her death I took much greater interest in it. In 1906 I saw in "Light "an advertisement in the name of "Izard." I think it stated that the medium came from Australia, and it is generally considered that mediums from that district are better developed; the conditions of life are suitable for the purpose. I went to see her at Brixton. I do not think I told her more than that I was an enquirer after the truth. I do not think she told me anything about herself; a longtime afterwards she told me that she had been a medium practically all her life but that she had not done any public work until after she came to England; at some time or other I had no doubt we had conversations about Dr. W. and Dr. Reeves; Dr. W.'s full name Dr. Walworth, was not given to me until some time afterwards; he was in the real life a clergyman of the Church of England in England. Dr. Reeves, she told me, when he was in the body, was a medical man practicing in Melbourne, and I gathered from my own consciousness (I do not think I ever had any conversation with her about it) that he died about seventy years ago; I think from what I could judge Dr. W. had died over 100 years ago. I think she mentioned at one time that there is at the present time the old hospital that Dr. Reeves set up for the poor in Melbourne; it is still designated with the same old lamp that he put up. From quite an early part of our acquaintance I frequently had spiritualistic seances with her at the drawing room in her home, at which she and I only were present; during 1906 we had about ten a month starting from June; the same ratio would apply for 1907 200 sittings in the 18 months. I paid her charge of 5s. a sitting, paying her a couple of sovereigns, or something of that kind, a time. The seances lasted at first half an hour and then, as the conditions improved, it got to an hour. They were always in. the same room. The next address was at 76, Great Portland Street, where a room was set aside for the purpose. I saw Izard from time to time; I learnt he was working for Sandow. After a time that work ceased, and after that he did messenger work; after that he did some punting backing horses on a system. In September last I lent him  50; I also before that lent him  100 to keep the house going; I knew on one occasion the bailiffs were in and things of that kind; I made the advances in the belief that I should be repaid. At these seances we would wait patiently for a time to arrive when the medium, Mrs. Izard, would pass into a trance condition, and through her the control, the spirit, speaks, she herself not being conscious of the words that are being used. At a very early stage there were written communications. In writing letters it was my practice to make buff sheet copies; I think the first few were taken in a letter book. A clerk assisted me in dealing with this correspondence, and I kept press copies of all my letters to the spirits; my letters to Mrs. Izard were press copied in the letter books. As early as July, 1906, I commenced writing to Dr. W. and Dr. Reeves from Manchester, and posted them to the care of Mrs. Izard; my view was (I had given no instructions about it) that the addressee would come and read my letter. I conducted this correspondence on my own volition, and had no conversation with Mrs. Izard about it at any time; I never asked her whether she had received letters from spirits, and I never saw any of the letters I had written again after having once posted them from Manchester. The only occasion on Which I had any conversation with her about a letter I had written was when I saw an unopened one after it had been there for weeks; it came as a telegram; I said I was delighted to have a telegram as it was not exactly what I anticipated would happen; I was expecting they would come and ask her to read the letter; that was my idea. I never discussed with her as to what should be done with the actual letter after it had been read by the spirit. I also used to send hundreds of postcards to different mediums. This letter, dated July 3, 1906 (Exhibit 12) appears to be the first; I expected Dr. W., the addressee, to come and ask Mrs. Izard to open the letter and read it to him. None of my letters were returned by the Post Office; I posted every one myself. Exhibit 13 is a letter dated July 3, 1906, from myself to Dr. Reeves, asking if I am erring in writing to him direct and not through Dr. "W.," giving some particulars about "M.L.O." and concluding, "I sometimes doubt the identity of my beloved because she never mentions this loved boy. I hope to be with you on the Thursday." Up to that time I had not given any details to Mrs. Izard about "M.L.O. "; I wanted to get everything without giving anything or else there would be no test. Exhibits 14 and 15, dated July 11, 1909, and August 8, 1908, are letters from myself to her. The latter is headed, "My dear old Postman," his name, given me through the lips of the medium, was "M. Laurent "; I understand in life he was a French chemist; he was either the one who lived in 1793 and had his head cut off, or else he was the one who lived in about 1850; they were both chemists. As a chemist he would be able to dematerialise my letters and thus to deliver them to the addressees in the spirit world. Mrs. Izard did not tell me anything as to what his duties were; the fact that he was described as a dematerialising spirit was sufficient for me to fill in all the details myself. He could also rematerialise. I cannot say whether up to that time I had received any letter from "M.L.O." I see I say in the letter, "Yet even she has never yet been able to write me in her own beloved scrawl." Exhibit 16 is a letter to me, dated October 15, 1908 purporting to be signed "W. Reeves "; the handwriting beans every trace of the medium modified by the control, Dr. Reeves; as a spiritualist, I say it is his handwriting; the signature is clearly in his handwriting; it says, "My dear Syms, Your letter dated October 15 to hand. Yes, I will be delighted to rise to the occasion. Your wife is laughing at my first attempt. This is a rotten pen and this is all the paper I can find here. In haste, yours ever, W. REEVES." He is referring there to "M.L.O." The handwriting on the envelope is the medium's controlled handwriting, which is much different from her normal handwriting; it is posted to me in Manchester and is stamped. Dr. Reeves is holding the pen through the medium; he is in possession of her body and guiding her hand. I know that to be the fact; it is more than believing. Exhibit 17 is a letter from me to "M.L.O.," in which I say that I would send Dr. R. the "flimsy" on the morrow; "flimsy" means a  5 note; I have no recollection from whom I got that expression. In addition to buff-copying my letter I also recorded the numbers of the notes I sent. I enclose another bank-note in my letter to Dr. Reeves of April 21, 1909 (Exhibit 17 was read). The spirits never offered me any explanation through the medium as to why the notes were wanted in the spirit world. In April, 1908, I learnt from her whilst under control that they wanted money; one of the controls said, "Watch rubber. You will have to get money to enable us to manipulate the market," and I was perfectly willing to do whatever they wanted; it was necessary that the money should be sent in order that they might, through the medium buy rubber shares; the initials of "W.W." were given as the person connected with watching rubber; I do not think anything was said as to how it was to be done; twelve months elapsed between that suggestion and the first request for money; I do not think I had anything in my mind but that it should be used for the purpose suggested twelve months before. I cannot say what became of the note I enclosed in (Exhibit 17). Dr. Reeves could do what he liked with it and if he instructed the medium to pay it to a furniture dealer in Great Port-land Street, I was quite satisfied; the letter asking for it does not say anything about it being used for rubber operations. Exhibit 19 is another letter, dated May 24, 1909, from Dr. Reeves to myself, in. Mrs. Izard's controlled handwriting, asking me for another "flimsy" I do not think I had sent him one between April 21 and May 24. I complied with the request on the following day (Exhibit 20 was read). In Exhibit 21 I write to "M.L.O. ": "I promptly attended to Dr. Reeves's request, though, so to speak, it was the last shot in my locker. My business is finished. I have no income, so to speak. My expenses are about  20 a week. I have to find my bankers  100." Exhibit 22 is a letter I received from "M.L.O." saying that Dr. Reeves wanted to write to me, but when he found she wanted an excuse he very kindly gave her permission to do so. He wanted me to send  10 and that I was to send it by letter so as the medium would not know. This is in the handwriting of Mrs. Izard controlled by the medium. By Exhibit 23 1 send Dr. Reeves  10, saying "The common or garden idea is that cash is of no value, but here we find you insatiable." I had no knowledge at any time that anyone but Dr. Reeves used these notes. In Exhibit 24 Dr. Reeves asks me for a further "flimsy," and says, "Your wife looks very charming and sends her fondest love." I had not noticed until now that no letter asking for money came from Dr. Reeves without a reference to "M.L.O." I noted on every letter I sent the number of the note. Exhibit 25 is the letter in which I send him  5. In Exhibit 26 I write "M.L.O.," enclosing  5, and saying, "I will not disguise from you the serious condition of my finances, and that nothing short of a miracle could save me from disgrace." (Mr. Bodkin pointed out that this note was admittedly endorsed by Izard.) As I have said before, if Dr. Reeves told them to use it was satisfactory to me; I take it the husband would be requested to do it by the wife. Exhibit 27 is a letter from Dr. Reeves asking me for another "flimsy," saying, "Your millstones are probably only pebbles." I believed that to be a genuine letter actuated by the spirits. I am bound to say that I could not get any communication from the prisoners to the effect that any of these spirits had come and said to her, "Use the notes yourself." In the Exhibit dated December 21, 1909, I write to Dr. Reeves, enclosing  5 and saying, "Just think not one fraction of help has been fulfilled. Plenty of chance, but all denied, and that sometimes tempters whispered to me, 'End it all, old chap, You have firearms, you can get cyanide of potassium, as much as you like; if you do not there will be bankruptcy, public disgrace, the dock and the cell, all because you relied on your spirit friends. You will be the last example of that great superstition 'spiritualism'" Of course, I have not a shadow of idea how it is possible for you to utilise these 'flimsies.' I prefer to place all these conflicting views and emotions upon record, so that who shall ever have the subsequent reading of these records shall be able to judge by the subsequent results as to whether my faith was justified." On October 1, 1909, I write to "M.L.O." Exhibit 124, in which I say that in spite of Dr. Reeves' assurances to the contrary, Mrs. Izard's child just born was a girl, and that I could trust nothing from the spirit world. Mrs. Izard herself had thought it was going to be a girl. In Exhibit 36, dated December 31, 1909, I write to "M.L.O.," enclosing a further  5 which had been requested, and stating that I would send it, even if it were the very last, that I had nothing except other people's money, and that unless the miracle did not materialise, there was nothing but shame and disgrace for me to face. On January 5, 1910, I write to Izard asking him to return the  100 I had lent him. Mrs. Izard replied that her husband was at Newbury and quite by accident she had opened this letter; she stated that it; was impossible to return me the money as at present they were living on credit, and that her illness and confinement had taken her little ready money. A few days before this I had had a conversation with the prisoners, and I gathered from Izard that he was expecting his mother in New Zealand to help him. There is no connection between Exhibit 37 and Exhibit 89, which was shown me twelve months later. He showed me Exhibit 89 which was a letter from his father in New Zealand, signed "John Knowles "; he explained to me that his mother had taken him when an infant away from his father, that she had adopted the name of "Izard" to conceal their identity from him, and that he did not know his name was not "Izard" until he received this letter. In Exhibit 39 Dr. Reeves asks me for further "fivers," and by Exhibit 40 I write him, enclosing those notes, and I congratulate him upon the improvement in his handwriting, which I presumed arose from the great improvement in the physical condition of himself and the medium, but saying that his caligraphy was still tinged with that of the medium. Exhibit 41 is a letter from Mrs. Izard to me in her own handwriting, stating that "M.L.O." was there and sent her fondest love. The latter part of the letter is written by her under the control of "M.L.O. "; it states that Dr. Beeves has received my letter with enclosure and wanted two more "pieces of paper" at once. It has not occurred to me that the latter part might have been written with a finer pen than the first part. In Exhibit 42 I write "M.L.O.," enclosing the notes. Exhibit 43 is another letter from Dr. Reeves, asking for two more notes, and I complied with that request. The first part of Exhibit 46 is in Mrs. Izard's normal handwriting, but the second part is her handwriting controlled by "M.L.O. "; it asks for more money and says that Dr. Reeves had told her that he was dealing in rubber. By Exhibit 47, I write Dr. Reeves, enclosing a  5 note and saying, "Well, your spirit people are funny. You smell the oof-bird. You must hear him sing before we do. It is an inconceivable mystery to me as to how you can be manipulating the boom. Trust that after-revelations will turn this cimmerian darkness into glorious light. "Exhibit 48, dated March 8, 1910, is in the natural writing of Mrs. Izard, followed by a controlled letter from Dr. Reeves asking for another  20. In Exhibit 49 I write enclosing it and saying that, while he was" with my beloved" in Putney taking possession of Mrs. Izard, he had slipped in to cheer my drooping spirits, and he had told me of his work in the rubber market, and that if I had not been able to obtain  20 I would have pawned my watch and chain. Explaining that letter, I may say the proceeds of what I expected to be done were not to be for my own personal benefit, but were to be utilized in rescue work for instance, the vast work to be done by putting down the white slave traffic. Dr. Reeves had said he would meet me in the body at my bankers to give, me the proceeds of the rubber speculation. Materialisation in a body is a common phenomenon in spiritualism. Exhibit 50 is a letter from Dr. Reeves asking for a further four "flimsies," saying that rubber is going up and up. In Exhibit 51, dated April 5, 1910, I send them, saying that it would require a miracle at the hands of my spirit friends to explain away the circumstantial evidence against the medium, but I knew that not one note had been diverted by her to her own use. Exhibit 52 is a letter, dated April 6 from Dr. Reeves, asking for a further four "flimsies." I notice that the word "sore" is spelt "saw." (Mr. Bodkin referred to a passage in the private examination in bankruptcy of Mrs. Izard, where, on being asked to spell "sore," she had spelt it s-a-w. ") I am sure she was not under control in the witness-box. I Exhibit 53 I enclose a further  20. In Exhibit 54 Dr. Reeves asked for a further five "flimsies," and in Exhibit 55, dated April 20, 1910, I refuse to send them, stating that I could not go on any further and that my faith was now hopelessly wrecked. "I go back to Manchester to face disgrace... I will face the consequences; but I decline to be tooled or fooled any longer.... If I offend, pray forgive me, but it must be now if help is available." I had not got the money at the time. Exhibit 56 is a letter from Mrs. Izard, stating that Stella, her little daughter, was still very seedy, and that Dr. Reeves would not let her go to Paris. "M.L.O.," in the latter part of the letter, in the controlled handwriting of Mrs. Izard, asked me to lend her  25. In Exhibit 57, dated April 22, I write apologising for having refused, and enclose five more notes. May 6, 1910, was my sixtieth birthday. I got on that day this telegram from "M.L.O. ": "Many happy returns. Send two five pounds to me. Love. Mud." It is quite possible to Mrs. Izard to be controlled while she was in the post-office and so write the telegram. I believed it to be a telegram from "M.L.O.," and I sent the notes. I am quite sure I never discussed the date of my birth with Mrs. Izard. I was born in England. Whatever was done with the notes, I am quite satisfied was done with Dr. Reeves' authority. On May 24 I got another telegram, this time from Dr. Reeves, asking for two further notes; I believed it to be genuine and sent them, stating in my letter that I "refused to comply with further requests until I am placed in full possession of the facts and the reasons which can justify me to my fellow-men.... I have for months past been using money not my property." On June 16, 1910, I received this letter in Mrs. Izard's normal handwriting, saying that she had had a long talk with Dr. Reeves, and that what troubled her was that he had asked her for  30; that she had not this money, and asked me for advice in the matter. On that letter there is a memorandum in my writing that I had complied with the request by leaving six  5 notes with the medium addressed to Dr. Reeves. I remember about this time coming to London and staying at the City Central Hotel. I put an envelope containing the notes in my bedroom at night to give the spirits an opportunity of coming and taking it, but in the morning I found it had not gone, so I posted it to Mrs. Izard. I got this letter (Exhibit 63) dated June 18 from Mrs. Izard's in her normal handwriting saying that she was glad to hear I was coming to London and that the letter I had written to Dr. Reeves had vanished into thin air; it does not refer to'the letter containing the notes in any "way; the date is too early. It is true that; under date of June 22 there is a debit entry in my passbook of  36 15s., which was cashed into banknotes, but Exhibit 63 cannot, refer to those notes as that letter is dated June 18. Exhibit 64 is a letter dated July 24 from Dr. Reeves asking me to "beg, borrow, or steal " 50 for him. I replied by Exhibit 65 that I could not do this and that I was expecting him to find me  5,000 that next fortnight or so and asking him to give me some proof of his success'so that I might "be spurred like a willing horse to further efforts." He wrote me by Exhibit 66 that there had been no failure, that I would be at liberty to ask for  5,000 before long, that they did not ask for the  50 "for the fun of the thing "and that it was "far, far better thing we are doing than we have ever done. I am only an instrument used in a great, grand plan. So are you." I wrote Exhibit 67 apologising, but saying the drain was awful and reminding him of the cash he had had since our walk by the river; I was referring to an occasion when walking with "M.L.O." (Mrs. Izard under control) between Putney and Hammersmith; he had slipped in and asked for some banknotes; I never went to the Bank of England to see if there were any endorsements on these notes I was sending. By Exhibit 67 I enclosed him seven banknotes and by Exhibit 69 a further three banknotes, as instalments of the  50 requested. In Exhibit 70 Dr. Reeves writes me thanking me and saying that there were a number of surprises in store for me. I wrote him Exhibit 71 "per Mrs. Izard's post, "which meant the same post as before, "M. Laurent." I paid nothing extra for postage to the'other world, but they may have had to pay something at the other end before they got the letters. Exhibit 73 is a telegram from Dr. Reeves handed in at Putney asking me for  10 or  15 if possible, and saying, "Peace with Honour.' I wrote Exhibit 74 laying that that expression had given me inexpressible relief and enclosing  10. On December 6 I wrote Exhibit 75 enclosing two further banknotes, this making the last instalment of the  50 requested; I stated that I was going on the Continent. I went to Scheveningen and had Exhibit 76 from Dr. Reeves dated September 15, 1910, saying that he would pay into my account certain sums of money in the last week in December, but asking me to let him have in the meantime three or four "flimsies. "I had no banknotes with me so I sent a cheque for  2(0 td Mrs. Izard asking her to cash into notes and lo put them in an envelope with a letter I enclosed and addressed it to Dr. Reeves. Exhibit 80 is the cheque made payable to "W. Reeves, or Bearer." I believed those directions had been carried out. (Mr. Bodkin referred to the evidence of Mrs. Izard given at the private meeting, wherein she had stated she had complied with these directions and having placed it in the usual way on the table it had disappeared. He stated that in due course it would be shown that this cheque was cashed into gold.) On October 15, 1910, I wrote Exhibit 78 to Dr. Reeves, saying that I had not received an acknowledgment of the four "flimsies" I had sent, and "I hear rumours are rife in your world that they never reached their destination." I had not heard thai the cheque had been cashed into gold; I never asked either of the prisoners, nor was I ever told by them. Exhibit 79 is a letter from Dr. Reeves telling me to cheer up, and saying that he wanted  30. I do not know whether I sent those notes. In Exhibit 84 "M.L.O." writes me to have faith and asking me to send Mrs. Asser  15 to  20, and that Dr. Reeves had received the four "flimsies." I believed that the statements in that letter were true. The payment to Mrs. Asser was with reference to a guarantee in respect of some slumming work which was being done; she sold underclothing for girls that were being rescued, and I guaranteed the payment for the clothes which Mrs. Izard ordered in her own name. I subsequently paid the bill. I know Mrs. Izard never wore the things. Two girls that were being got out of a disorderly house had to be sent away, and the clothes were given to them, although I did not see them ever wear them. Exhibit 85 is a letter from "M.L.O.," saying that Dr. Reeves wanted a "flimsy" by return. In it she requests me to send it by Mr. Izard under cover, by which means Dr. Reeves would get it rather quicker. I gave the envelope containing the  5 note to Mr. Izard, but I do not know that he knew what it contained. I did not know that it was to be paid to a grocer. He was to take it to Mrs. Izard; I never thought about the purpose for which it was going to be used. At the end of 1910 the prisoner moved from the south side of London to 41, Antrim Mansions, Hamp-stead. He then adopted the name of "Hamilton Knowles "; it was about a fortnight before that that he showed me Exhibit 89. Exhibit 87 is a letter from Mrs. Izard referring to a guarantee to a Mr. Simmons, a furniture dealer, for second-hand furniture that they were buying on the instalment system; I went with her to see him, and she then passed under the name of "Knowles." In that letter, Dr. Reeves, in Mrs. Izard's controlled handwriting, asks me to forward a further six "flimsies," and endorsing the'Izards' taking of a particular flat; some places are absolutely unfitted for psychic work. He had had out of me by this time, I should say, about  300. By Exhibit 88, dated November 21, 1910, I enclose the  30 requested. Exhibit 90 is a request from Dr. Reeves for further money, and in Exhibit 91 I write enclosing it. At this time I gave Mrs. Izard  5 to help her to pay the expenses of removal, and Exhibit 92 is the letter from her acknowledging it. In January she was again confined, and in Exhibit 93 she writes me that she is well on the way to recovery and that she had just held a levee of her spirit friends, which had cheered her up. At the conclusion there is a request from Dr. Reeves, in her controlled handwriting, asking for more money and stating that this was the last request and that he was bringing his instrument to Manchester as soon as this business was over. In Exhibit 94 I enclose four further notes, which were the last I sent as far as I remember. I had also views as regards rescue work in the spirit world; it was a very small thing, and Dr. W. was the one who directed my mind into that channel; the work was being done by "Little D." For this purpose I sent postal orders to them in the same way as the notes, in the care of Mrs. Izard, and I produce counterfoils for them; altogether in two or three yean sent about  5 in shilling postal orders. In July, 1911, after my bankruptcy, the prisoners called on me. I had not been present at their private examinations. Izard said they had asked him why his name was on four  5 notes, and he said he had done it at the request of Dr. Reeves, and had he done wrong? I said, "No, you did exactly what I should have wished "; I believed that he had been requested to do so by Dr. Reeves; I cannot pledge my memory as to whether he mentioned four or more; he said he had changed them into some money which he had handed to his wife. His wife, who was present, said that she had placed the gold in the usual way on the table and it had dematerialised. I said she did quite right to do as Dr. Reeves wanted. I do not see the connection between the four notes, the proceeds of the cheque cashed by Mrs. Izard, which she turned into gold, and the acknowledgment by Dr. Reeves of four "flimsies." Before this interview, the prisoners had not told me about this dematerialisation of sovereigns; there is no difficulty at all in that being done, although I cannot explain how. I paid some money to Swan and Edgar because I had guaranteed Mrs. Izard's account there. I think this was at "M.L.O.'s "request when I was in Holland; it came through the lips of the medium. Within a day or two of guaranteeing the account I wrote to "M.L.O. "saying that I had done so, and posted it in the ordinary way to Mrs. Izard; the request would be in the autumn of 1910. Cross-examined: Prior to six years ago I attended seances at Manchester, Liverpool, London, and Preston, and during the past six years I have attended seances with twenty different mediums. I have an absolute belief in spiritual phenomena, and I know that there can be connection between the spirit world and people upon this earth. I have also had experience of materialisation of individuals; a spirit form comes and takes unto itself the body, extracting from the medium the material matter with which to build up its own body and making itself visible to the human eye. Such spirit forms have been visible to me, but not with Mrs. Izard, as she is not a materialising medium. My idea of control is that the ego is taken out of the body and the control power enters and uses the body. It is my invariable experience that mediums have their special controls. "M.L.O. "has controlled more than one medium, and I got into communication with her before I knew Mrs. Izard. I have also had written communications in the same way from a different medium. 1 first acquired this knowledge of the possibilities of spiritualism in 1872, and I have put mediums with whom I have had experiments to tests in order to satisfy myself. I got from Mrs. Izard a decided test. When "M.L.O.'s "body was put into the coffin, I put in with it a boa that was my last present to her. Without having given any information to Mrs. Izard as to this, and without any information coming to her from anybody else so far as I knew, she described to me when she had got into communication with "M.L.O." this boa, which "M.L.O." was then wearing round her neck. I am not satisfied with the way in which Dr. Reeves has used her; it does not fit the facts to say that she has got the money and has spent it. I have not a shadow of doubt of the existence of the spirits I have mentioned. It is not true that the letters which came from them to me are the concoctions of Mrs. Izard; on the contrary, she is the most perfectly honest woman that ever I met. "M.L.O." died on April 10, 1906, and in June, 1906, I first came into association with Mrs. Izard. I knew that Izard, was earning something, but I do not think they were rolling in wealth at that time. The first letter in which Dr. Reeves asked for money is April 21, 1909. It is as common as daylight for people in the spirit world to communicate with individuals upon this earth in the way in which Dr. Reeves communicated with me. It would be possible for Dr. Reeves to request a clairvoyante to make use of the money and it would not be a proper thing for her to make any communication to me concerning the matter. Izard never took any part in the seances, although he has helped me under protest at times when I have been dealing with some obstreperous spirit friend or someone I could not master; some of these spirits have been living in a state of hate and malice for many years and he helped me to physically bind them until I could get them under control. This has happened half a dozen times in Mrs. Izard's home. They were in possession of Mrs. Izard and he assisted me to hold her whilst I bound the spirit with the psychic force that I am possessed of. This Started about the end of 1908. I have had several conversations with him about the philosophy of spiritualism and he was certainly a believer in it. In the spring of 1909 he declared that the sittings must cease as they was injuring his wife's health, but she said she would go on with it whether he liked it or not. I never discussed with him at any time the question of my sending money to Dr. Reeves. The amount of my liabilities in bankruptcy was over  5,000. Dr. Reeves knew that I was in serious financial difficulties, but he went on asking for money; that is a mystery I cannot fathom. The total amount which has passed from me in these spiritualistic investigations is  300, but there is also  100 that I parted with to keep the house going and a further  25; altogether it comes to  500. The balance of the money to which I pleaded guilty of misappropriating went to other mediums, and, of course, the expenses of the office were going on. I paid the other mediums in the same way. One lady led me on a wild goose chase about a ship, which I found to be untrue. We are bound to admit that it is possible that there are dishonest mediums, but it may not be the medium's fault; it may be the controlling power. I think that at an early date in the period I knew them the Izards might have asked me for  2 or  3, which I advanced on account of sittings. Although Mrs. Izard saw all the buff copy letters which I kept of my correspondence she never asked me to destroy them. Re-examined. If the Izards had asked me for money for themselves I should have done my best to help them, but my circumstances did not justify me in being generous to the degree of giving them  10 or  20 or  30. I have had scores of seances with Mrs. Izard when I have left without having heard something from the other world; we could not get a control after having sat about an hour. I paid her 5s. in any event. I was acquainted with half a dozen, mediums before I went to Mrs. Izard. These obstreperous spirits that I have referred to came from the Tower. I know this to be the fact, because we had been to the Tower and afterwards I looked up Ainsworth's History of England and I found the names were there as people who had been beheaded, and otherwise. They wanted their revenge. Some of them I had never heard of. One spirit named Manger told me that he was not a headsman as described by Ainsworth, but a hangman. When possessed by these spirits Mrs. Izard was physically violent and you could not hold her. (Tuesday, April 30.) THOMAS SYMS, recalled, further cross-examined. I sent the first  5 note in 1909 at my own suggestion; that is my view at the present moment. I should say that the suggestion that there was a private arrangement between myself and Mrs. Izard that she should write me these letters from the spirit world and the story I have told about the spirits is all untrue, is absolutely untrue. I was not carrying on an immoral intercourse with her in 1908 and 1909; I was doing so with the one who was controlling her; she herself was not cognisant of it; that is my view. I am the father of her child, Beryl. I cannot admit that I sent her these notes by a private arrangement with her and when she was not under control; I swear I did not do so. Izard did not know of the relations that existed between us and I cannot admit that I sent the money to her in this way to keep the truth from him; I have no recollection of any such arrangement; I will say definitely it is not true. I have not said to her that if she put forward this defence I would deny it. It is true she came several times alone to see me at Brixton. I did not tell her that in the form put to me. It was in the air but they had not actually been charged. I had by then made the statement that I had parted with clients' money under the influence of the spirits. I told her that I would never tell what were the relations between us but I never said I would deny it on oath. Izard has hinted sometimes but he has never suggested it was so. When I was in prison I told Mrs. Izard that we must be martyrs to spiritualism. I cannot say that I sent the money to her because I was having intercourse with her and was the father of her child. In October, 1908, she and I went to Paris ostensibly to deal with the Revolutionary period, which appealed to me; as a fact, we had intercourse; that was the commencement of it and it has been continued ever since. I have had immoral intercourse with other mediums, but this story about the spirits I do not admit to be a cloak for the grossest immorality; I agree it is used as such. Further re-examined. Beryl was born on September 29, 1909. I feel sure I am the father. It is true that before October, 1908, I had not sent her any money for the spirits. I had lent a few pounds which were worked off in sittings. I did not keep any record of the  100 I advanced. When these relations first began she was in a trance, but later on I do not think she was. It was my view that she was in a trance in Paris when these relations commened. We did not occupy the same bedroom there and we did not pass as man and wife. If we had, proceedings in the Divorce Court could have been commenced against us, but I do not think that is the reason why we occupied separate rooms. The real reason was that the husband must be able to write to his wife which he could not do if she was passing under my name. He did write to her as "Mrs. Izard." That was thought of by me before I went and I must confess that I went there for the purpose of having immoral relations with her. I give her the credit that she had not the shadow of an idea of it. She learnt of my intention for the first time last April. I think I must have written twenty or thirty letters to the spirits before these relations began. The first one I received from her controlled handwriting (from "M.L.O. ") was on October 15, 1908 (Ex. 16), after our visit to Paris. I cannot remember ever having received a letter from a spirit before that date. When I was cross-examined by Mrs. Izard at the police court no questions dealing with this subject were put to me. Mr. Rowe, a solicitor in the office of the Director of Public Prosecutions, took a statement from me (on January 19, 1912), wherein I said, "I had no intercourse with Mrs. Izard." I am bound to say I deceived him. I avoided telling the whole truth in the police court. The medium I refer to in my statement was the medium I referred to yesterday as having had led me a wild goose chase about a ship. I admitted in my statement having had immoral relations with her, but I deny it as regards Mrs. Izard because the circumstances were different. The Recorder asked Mr. Bodkin if, after the witness's admissions, he thought he could carry the case any further? Mr. Bodkin stated he would be satisfied if the question were put to the jury. The Recorder, addressing the jury, stated that he thought yesterday the witness was a lunatic. He now asked them, after having heard this story, which he described as "the most shocking that had ever been heard in a Court of Justice," whether they wished to hear any more. Verdict, Not Guilty. Mr. Bodkin stated that it was now clear that the witness had been deceiving those who had undertaken the prosecution. The true facts had never been suggested till this moment. Upon further indictments for larceny and perjury no evidence was offered, and formal verdicts of Not Guilty were entered. The Recorder, in discharging the prisoners, strongly advised them not to recommence the holding of these seances, with the accompanying fictitious representations about spirits, because they were liable to be proceeded against as rogues and vagabonds. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Saturday, April 27.) SULLIVAN, Thomas (56, tailor's presser), forging an order for the payment of  40 7s. 10d. with intent to defraud; uttering the same well knowing it to have been forged; altering a cheque for  4 7s. 10d. so as to make it appear to be for the sum of  40 7s. 10d.; uttering the same with intent to defraud. Mr. Muir prosecuted. GEORGE FREDERICK BARTLETT, tin utensil manufacturer, 40, Earl Street, Edgware Road. On March 18 I drew a cheque for  4 7s. 10d. and put it in an envelope addressed to Harding and Sons, Limited, Long Lane, S.E. I crossed the cheque. The 4 has been altered to 40 and the crossing erased. JAMES EDWARD HANCOCK I am manager to last witness. I posted the letter on March 18 in Lisson Grove. HARRY MORRIS, secretary to Harding and Sons, Limited. In March Mr. Bartlett owed our firm  4 7s. 10d. We did not receive the cheque. WILLIAM PRATT SEELEY, cashier, London City and Midland Bank, 219 221, Edgware Road. Prisoner presented the cheque on March 19 at 3.30 p.m. I attended to four or five customers while prisoner was there. I cashed one small cheque. When prisoner handed me the cheque I looked at it for about thirty seconds and came to the conclusion that it had been tampered with. I told two junior clerks to bar the exit. Prisoner made no remark. The manager was fetched. He said to prisoner, "How did you come by this cheque?"Prisoner said, "I picked it up in Maryletone Road. "The manager then said, "Was it open like this?" Prisoner said, "No, it was in an envelope. "The manager said, "Where is the envelope?"Prisoner said, "I took the cheque out of the envelope because the envelope was so dirty and I threw it away." Crossmdash; examined by prisoner. There were 10 or 12 people in the bank when you came in. I was not talking to a young woman at the counter. I did not give her some money in paper. It is not true that you put the cheque on the counter and I looked at it and went behind a partition and you did not see me any more. Previous to attending to you you had a good four or five minutes from the time you handed me the cheque to the time I went to the back. You made no remark whatever. PERCY TIPPER, manager, Edgware Road Branch of London City and Midland Bank. Mr. Seeley handed me the cheque and pointed out certain things on it. I said to prisoner, "Where did you get this cheque?" He said, "I picked it up in Marylebone Road." I said. "Was it like that?" meaning open. He said, "No; it was in an envelope, but it was dirty and I threw the envelope away." I said, "You will have to tell that story somewhere else; the crossing has been taken out and the amount altered." He said, "I did not know it was a cheque. I have never seen a cheque. I thought it was a bank-note. I did not expect to get money for it. I thought I should get a reward for bringing it on." It had been raining in the morning. Police-constable JOHN JONES, 460 D. Prisoner was given into my custody on March 19 at 3.55 p.m., on a charge of forging and uttering a cheque for  40 7s. 10d. He said, "I only picked it up in the street." Detective GEORGE YANDELL, F. I asked prisoner if he could furnish me with the names and addresses of any persons he had been employed by. He said, "I have been out of employment the past two or three weeks. "I went to two persons whose names he gave me and find he has hitherto borne a good character. (Defence.) THOMAS SULLIVAN (prisoner, on oath). I was coming through Marylebone Road when I picked up this cheque. It was in an envelope, there was no writing on the envelope, and on account of it being so muddy I threw it away. When I put the cheque on the counter the gentleman behind the counter took the cheque; how long he was looking at it I do not know. He went behind a partition and I saw no more of him until he came into the manager's room. The manager asked me how I came by it. I told him I picked it up in Marylebone Road. I gave him my name and address; he wrote it down. He sent for a constable and I was given in charge.; Cross-examined. I found the cheque between Northumberland Street and Circus Street. That is not more than five minutes' walk from the bank. I was smoking a pipe when I was arrested. I had a pocket-book, two keys on a little ring, and a tailor's thimble. I believe they are here. I had them at Brixton. I had no handkerchief and no money. I was going to Westbourne Park when I picked up the cheque. I had to inquire my way to the bank of a man selling papers. I showed him the cheque. I did not know what amount it was for until he told me. He did not tell me it was a cheque. I could not read it so I could not tell whether it might have been an advertisements that somebody had thrown away. I thought from the colour of it it was a note. I have seen notes in money-changers' windows. To-day is not the first time I have said that I showed this cheque to a man who sells newspapers. I could not say to whom I mentioned it. I did not tell the magistrate. I only saw one person being served while I was in the bank a young woman. I thought I might receive some recompense for taking it to the bank. I meant to tell them I had found is as soon as I had an opportunity to speak. I had no opportunity according to my idea. I did not know it was the rule to go into a bank and put a cheque down and say anything. I was not asked any question by the cashier. (To the Court.) I did rot think of telling the cashier, "I have found this bit of paper; it is yours." If it had been a good cheque and belonged to myself I should have asked for the money. I should not have stood there and said nothing. Police-constable JONES, recalled. I searched prisoner. I found on him a pocket handkerchief, no pipe, tobacco, pocket-book, keys, or money. Prisoner. These things are here now. They have never been out of my possession while I have been at Brixton. Verdict: Guilty. Sentence was postponed to next Session. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (Monday, April 29.) ELLIS, Albert Edward (25, labourer) pleaded guilty, of being bailee of a bedstead and other articles, the goods of the Highbury Furnishing Company, Limited, fraudulently convert the said goods to his own use and benefit, thereby stealing the same. It was stated that prisoner, who was a man of excellent character, had entered into a hire purchase agreement for the furniture, got into difficulties about the payments, and sold the goods and disappeared. He voluntarily came to the office of the Highbury Furnishing Company and was given into custody. Prisoner stated that he was willing to pay in instalments. The Common Serjeant said that he did not think much of these catching agreements, but prisoner had sold what strictly was not his own. He would be released on his own recognisances to come up for judgment on June 11, when the court would hear how much he had paid. ASHLEY, Edith (41, tailoress), stealing a letter containing a banker's cheque for  1 18s. 4d., the property of Minnie Collins. Forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, the endorsement on the said cheque for  1 18s. 4d., with intent to defraud. Mr. J. Campbell prosecuted. MINNIE COLLINS, 31, Silver Square, laundress. On January 26 I was liberated from an Inebriates' Home, and went to live at 21, Little Drummond Street. Next day, January 27, I was sentenced to one month's imprisonment at Clerkenwell Police Court. At that time I was expecting from the Rev. Mr. Burden gratuity money which people are given when they come out of an Inebriates' Home. In the cells I met prisoner for the first time. As she had to serve one day I asked her to take a note, which I wrote on a piece of paper, to my landlady, telling her to keep my letters. I did not tell prisoner I was expecting my gratuity money. On February 28, after I came out of prison and was living in Soho Square, I received a letter from Mr. Burden, in consequence of which I went to the police. I gave prisoner no authority to keep my letters or to sign my name. Cross-examined by prisoner. I did not tell you that I would not like to face my landlady, or ask you to get the money and meet me outside the prison when I came out. I would not tell a strange woman that. I told you I had a parcel at the cloak-room at the station, the ticket for which I had lost. You suggested that you should go for it, but I refused. Re-examined. I did not sign cheque produced, nor did I get the money. Detective FEED KIMBEB, Y Division. On March 12, at 9 p.m., I saw prisoner at 10, Francis Terrace, Junction Road, and told her she would be charged with stealing a cheque from 21, Little Drummond Street, on January 29. She said, "I do not know what you mean. I forget." On the way to the station she said, "I wish to say I should not have broken into the cheque, but I have not done any work since a fortnight before Christmas." To prisoner. You said, "I should not have broken into the cheque," not "I should not have broken into the money." MINNIE CHEW, 21, Little Drummond Street. Minnie Collins took a room in my house. On January 27 prisoner came and told us that there was a letter going to be delivered for Miss Collins, and she was to mind it till Collins came. As the letter had not arrived then, she called again on January 28, when I gave her a letter which had come for Collins. Prisoner never gave me any written note. To prisoner. You said you must have the letter, and would not go away until it was given to you. ANNIE CHEW, mother of last witness. On January 27 I answered the door and saw prisoner. She told me she was to have a letter that was to come to my address for Miss Collins which was coming on Monday, January 29, that she was a great friend of Miss Collins, and was going to take care of this letter for her, as she was at Clerkenwell Police Court. Miss Collins had taken a room at our house, but had never lived there. On Monday the letter came. VIOLET STUART, clerk to the Rev. Mr. H.M. Burden, Warden to the Royal Victoria Home for Inebriates. Minnie Collins was at the Midland Counties Reformatory at Chesterfield. When she was discharged she was entitled to a gratuity. I made out cheque (produced) for  1 18s. 4d. on the London County and Westminster Bank, Shore-ditch Branch, dated January 29, and saw it signed by Mr. Burden. HERBERT GEORGE HILDRITH, cashier, London County and Westminster Bank, Shoreditch. On January 30 prisoner tendered open cheque (produced) for payment. I paid it. It was endorsed, but not in my presence. Prisoner's statement at the police court. "The lady gave me the paper. She told me to put her name on the back of the cheque and to get the money. I was to meet her on the morning she came out of prison, ana she would give me a shilling. She said she did not like to go to the landlady herself when she came out of prison." Verdict, Guilty. Conviction proved: April 19, 1911, Highgate Police Court, 14 days' hard labour, attempting to steal in the name of Charlotte Brown. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour. WITHNALL, Samuel (64, dealer), being entrusted with three gold watches and other articles, the goods of William Marcus Lightfoot, unlawfully did fraudulently convert the same to his own use and benefit. Mr. E.M.V. Roderick prosecuted. JAMASINA LIOHTFOOT, wife of William Marcus Lightfoot, 158, Albion Avenue. On August 25, 1911, I sent for prisoner, and asked him to sell me three gold watches, two antique glass sugar basins, a trifle dish, 11 custard glasses, and a small tumbler. He said he would get  2 10s. for the trifle dish,  5 to  6 for one of the watches,  4 or  5 for another of the watches. There was no limit as to the price he was to sell them at; he was to do his best. He said he would bring me the money when he had sold them. He took them away, and I did not see or hear of him till two months ago. Cross-examined by prisoner. I gave you one watch for yourself, but the others you were to sell for me. You did not write me a letter saying you were going away North and could not sell them just then. I knew you were going away, but I did not know where. You said you were coming to lunch with me on the following Saturday, but you did not come. You did not suggest your pawning these goods; I could have done that for myself. I left you to sell them as you thought best. I did not mention any time when you were to pay me. I did not tell you I was not in a hurry for the money. I have always found you a straightforward, religious man. I met you in Paris 20 years ago, but I had not seen you for 10 years before this occasion. I tried to find you when you disappeared, but I could not. Sergeant JOHN ROBERTSON, X Division. On March 25, at about 2.30 p.m., I saw prisoner in Tottenham Court Road, and read a warrant I held for his arrest to him. He said, "Yes, yes, that is quite right, I understand. I do not know how Mrs. Lightfoot arrives at the value; I only realised about  5 for them." I asked him if he cared to tell me where the property was. He said, "I think it is no good, it has gone, and it is no use mixing anybody else up with it." When charged he said, "Quite right." Prisoner's statement: "J. reserve my defence." (Defence.) SAMUEL WITHNALL (prisoner, on oath). I had no intention to steal or fraudulently keep these goods. They were given to me to sell to the best of my ability; there was no time stated for payment. Mrs. Lightfoot said she was not in any hurry, that I could dispose of them when I liked, and pay for them when I liked. I sold the goods one after the other, and intended to pay her back. If she had tried to find me she could have done so, because I am known in every auction room in London. If I had had any warning before I was arrested I should have got the money together and paid her. She asked me to take some more things, but I refused, as I did not think I could dispose of them. Cross-examined. I realised about  9 for the goods. I did not pay Mrs. Lightfoot the money because I was not asked to pay it, and I had mixed the money up with other money. I pawned the best watch at Clear s, Goldhawk Road, Shepherd's Bush, for 50s. I do not know that it has been redeemed; I did not redeem it. I asked a man to take care of the ticket for me; he afterwards told me he had lost it; I asked him several times for it. I do not know his name; he keeps several lodging-houses, at one of which I have stayed. I did not sell the ticket. I pawned that ticket on August 26, two days after I had received the property. I had arranged to lunch with Mrs. Lightfoot on that day; I did not stay away because I did not like to come after having pawned the watch. When I took the goods I gave Mrs. Light-foot my address as 28, Black Lion Lane, Chiswick. When she called there and inquired for me they might not have known me because I happened to be agent for a place just 65 yards from there, and we happened to be there all day. I was in that vicinity all day, but I never lived at 28, Black Lion Lane. (To the Judge.) I pawned the second watch at Clear's for  2 10s. a fortnight after I had received it. The second watch I pawned at Robinson's, in Mortimer Street, for  1 in November or December. I have lost those two tickets. The ticket of the watch I pawned for  1 I gave to a fishmonger named Doyle, somewhere in Notting Hill, on condition that he would redeem it, and if it was worth more money he would pay me the difference or put it back and get his money back. My memory is very bad, my head is not very clear; I have been laid up in hospital, and I cannot think very well. I was riding home in a cab, and I had not the money to pay the fare, so I pawned a purse which Mrs. Lightfoot had given me to sell, for 3s. to pay the fare. I sold the trifle bowl and the custard cups to the New Gallery, Bond Street. I lost the other pieces of glass while I was visiting some people. I received these goods on August 24; I sold them, and when I was arrested on March 25 I had not paid Mrs. Lightfoot any money. I told the police officer it was no good mixing other people up in it, because if there was any trouble in it they would never buy from me again. Verdict, Not guilty. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Monday, April 29.) ISENBERG, Aaron (25, carman), stealing within six months, to wit, on January 16, 1912, 40 gross of pencils and one pencil sharpener, on January 19, 1912, 600 gross of pens, and on February 6, 1912, ten boxes of rubber, 48 gross of pens, and three gross of pencils, the goods of Waterlow and Sons, Limited, and feloniously receiving the same; stealing within six months, to wit, on January 2, 1912, two gross of pencils, on January 3, 1912, a quantity of Waverley pens, on January 8, 1912, 400 gross of pens, the goods of Waterlow and Sons, Limited, and feloniously receiving the same; feloniously receiving 521/2 dozen pencils, 176 boxes of pens and 32 boxes of indiarubber, the goods of Waterlow and Sons, Limited, knowing the same to have been feloniously stolen; stealing four gross of pencils, the goods of Waterlow and Sons, Limited, and feloniously receiving the same. Mr. Forrest Fulton prosecuted; Mr. Purcell defended. Detective-sergeant JOHN DIGBY, City Police. On February 9 I visited 377, Cable Street, E., a grocer's shop, in the occupation of prisoner. I said to him, "We are police officers. We have a lad in custody for larceny, and in consequence of what he tells us we are going to search your shop. We then searched the shop and found 521/2 dozen black-lead pencils, 76 boxes assorted pens, 100 boxes Waverley pens, and 32 small India rubbers. I told him that I should take him to Moor Lane Police Station, where he would be charged with receiving those goods well knowing them to have been stolen. Most of the goods are in court. He replied, "I bought them in a genuine way. I did not know they were stolen." He then produced seven billheads of Messrs. Water lows. When charged, he said, "I never knew it was stolen, as he told me he had sold some to other people." Mr. Franjklin has identified the goods as belonging to Water low's. Cross-examined. Prisoner has been at 377, Cable Street six or seven months. Before that he had a shop at Duckett Street. He is English born. As far as I know this is the first charge that has been brought against him. He bears the character of a respectable and honest man. WILLIAM JAMES FRANKLIN, manager of retail shop, Waterlow and Sons, Limited. The retail value of the 521/2 dozen pencils, 176 boxes. of pens, and 32 pieces of rubber is about  24. The pencils we have recovered would average 12s. to 15s. a gross, the assorted pens 1s. 6d. a gross. Cross-examined. There are three different kinds of pencil. Water lows have not a monopoly in them. They are supplied to other wholesale dealers. I could not swear these pencils or pens were ever in Water low's possession. The pens bear the names of about six makers. I can swear to the rubber. The boxes have Waterlow's own mark on the end. Some of the goods sold by Water low's are delivered by boys, but most of them are delivered by men. The boy Waller would have access to invoices at Water low's. Detective-constable FREDERICK HAYWARD, City Police. In conesquence of information I kept observation upon the prosecutors' premises at Bloomfield Street, E.C., on February 6. I saw John Waller leave the premises at about 6.30 p.m. He had a parcel, about 10 in, long by 9 in. by 9 in. He went to a small general dealer's shop at 377, Cable Street, E., kept by prisoner. He went in and remained About half an hour. When he came out he had no parcel. Cross-examined. Waller was arrested on February 9 and prisoner afterwards. Both were brought before the Alderman on the 10th. Waller made a statement to the police before that. He was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. SAMUEL KERSTEIN, stationer, 267, Whitechapel Road. I have only dealt with prisoner in goods the subject of this charge. I bought 175 gross and 48 gross assorted pens and 10 assorted rubber for  5 17s. 9d. The invoice is dated January 20. Another lot was 200 gross assorted pens, 10 boxes rubber, and 6 dozen pencils,  4 0s. 3 1/2 d. The receipt is signed by prisoner. The pens were sold for  3 6s. 8d. I always understood prisoner was a job buyer. He said they were bankrupt stock of Bronsteins of Shoreditch. Assuming the goods were not bankrupt stock the prices I paid were not fair. Cross-examined. I was introduced to prisoner by Mr. Frank, 281, Mile End Road, a general dealer and job buyer. I bought the first lot through him. Then Frank suggested he should send prisoner to me. I said before the Magistrate that what prisoner said when he came was, "I have come to you through Frank and I shall be able to sell the goods to you direct and pay Frank his commission. That was in December. Some of the goods I bought I sold to Moore and Doudney, 27, Paternoster Row. I bought 10 lots from him and two before that from Frank. I paid fair prices as job stock. MORRIS FRANK, 281, Mile End Road, general dealer. I saw prisoner last October. He asked me to buy a gross of pencils for 3s. 6d. or 3s. 9d. I did so. I subsequently bought other goods. Cross-examined. I sold Kerstein two or three lots. I introduced prisoner to him. Prisoner told me he bought the goods from a traveller and had got receipts. After he told me that I took a sample to Kerstein All I bought from prisoner I sold to Kerstein. JOHN WALLER. I was a packer at Waterlow's at the end of last year. I first knew prisoner just before Christmas. He kept a kind of grocer's shop at 131, Duckett Street. I used to go there in the evenings to buy sweets and hot drinks. He asked me where I worked. I told him. He asked if I could get any kind of stationery from there and if it would be missed. He would buy it off me. I was in debt at the time. Prisoner knew that. I had been gambling. I took goods from Waterlow's and took them to prisoner. These invoices bear my signature. The amounts are what prisoner told me to put down. Prisoner asked me to get the invoice forms. He said it would be safer for him and me. I made them out from his directions. I received 1s. a gross for the pencils, sometimes 9d. I pleaded guilty to stealing the goods and got three months', which I am now serving. In respect of the goods in Invoice 7,  3 15s., I received  2 6s. I never represented myself to him as a traveller. He never through me gave an order to Waterlow's, or asked me to open an account. Sometimes he asked me to bring certain kinds of goods. Cross-examined. I was four years with Waterlow's. There were boys under me who used to take out goods to customers. I was paid 14s. a week. I always tell the truth. I said to the Alderman, "I have not sold articles I have stolen to anyone but Isenberg." My very next sentence was, "I had sold some to another man; this is his address." I have represented that I was a traveller for Waterlow's. I swore that I had not. I only told my mother. Mr. Purcell submitted that there was no case to go to the jury. The only witness for the prosecution said frankly that, except as to rubber, he would not swear that the goods were ever in Waterlow's possession. Counsel further submitted that Waller, by his own confession, was the thief. That his statement that "the goods found in the possession of Isenberg were goods that I stole from Waterlow's" was not evidence that they were stolen from Waterlow's. The testimony of an accomplice could not be accepted unless it was corroborated. Judge Lumley Smith: I quite agree that the jury ought not to act on the evidence of an accomplice without some corroboration, but I am not quite sure that it is not for the jury rather than for the judge to say whether there in corroboration, I am bound to accept the evidence for what it is worth. Mr. Purcell cited the decision of the Court of Criminal Appeal in R. v. Everest (2 Cr. App. R., 130), which entirely altered the old practice. Since 1837, the date of R. v. Farler (8 C. and P., 106), the question of corroboration had been left to the jury, but in R. v. Everest it was laid down, not only that there must be corroboration going to the offence itself, but that it was for the judge to stop the case if in his opinion the evidence of corroboration was insufficient. Counsel also relied upon R. v. Robinson (4 F. and F., 43) and R. v. Pratt (4 F. and F., 315) for the propositions thus stated in Archbold, 24th Ed., 633: "Where the only evidence against the alleged receiver is that of the thief, the presiding judge will advise the jury to acquit. And the mere fact that the stolen goods were found upon the alleged receiver's premises on the day of the theft is not sufficient to confirm the evidence of the thief, so as to make it proper to convict." Mr. Fulton relied upon the words of Sec. 19 of the Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871 (34 and 35 Vic, c. 112), as throwing upon the accused the onus of accounting for the possession of stolen goods, and submitted that in this case there was ample corroboration of Waller's story. Judge Lumley Smith said he was not prepared to stop the case. It must go to the jury. (Defence.) AARON ISENBERG (prisoner, on oath). This is the first time a charge has been brought against me. I was standing behind the counter in Duckett Street when I first saw Waller. He came in with a bag. He produced some samples from it, stationery, blackleads, nibs, and rubbers. This was four or five months before Christmas. I did not know him by sight before then He said he used to supply the people who lived where I am before, would I like to deal with him. I said, "I do not know what the stuff is." He said, "I will leave you a sample." He did so. He left me a card. He said he travelled for Waterlow's. I did not know Waterlow's at all. I said, "I have not time to attend to you now." He said he would call about a week later. He did so. He asked me what did I think of it. I said, I will see if I can go out travelling with them." He said, "They sell easy and well. "I gave him a small order, about  1 or  2. The goods were rought next day between 12 and 2. He gave me a receipt, which I put on the file. I only gave the detectives the receipts from Cable Street. I paid him cash. He came again every week. I sold some of the goods I bought before Christmas to Mr. Frank. The only others I sold were from the window. I arranged with Frank the commission on goods sold to Kerstein. The invoices were brought by Waller ready made out. I paid him the amount on the bill. I had not the least idea the goods were stolen. I did not tempt him to rob his master or ask him to steal the invoices. I had never dealt with such stuff and did not know what the prices were. Cross-examined. My business at Duckett Street was grocery, tobacco, and sweets. I sold envelopes. When the police came they found a quantity of goods. I could not say how many. I said, "I bought them from Waterlow's traveller; I have receipts. "The goods found in my possession would be those mentioned in the last receipt. Everything you see on the invoices I bought of Waller. When I paid him he wrote, "Paid. "The bills were not made out in my presence. When I gave the order to Waller I agreed the price with him. He showed me the sample of the stuff first. He told me the boxes are damaged, but the stuff inside was sound. The 200 gross assorted pens invoiced at  3 6s. 8d. I sold to Frank the next day at the same price. I was very hard pressed for money. I thought I could make a little out of it. I chanced it. The 48 gross assorted pens in No. 19 invoice  3 'are not the same pens I sold to Kerstein on, February 6 for  1 16s. I was not so hard up as to knock off half. I kept no books. I did not tell Kerstein the goods were bankrupt stock. As soon as I put a sample of some nibs and blackleads on the counter he said, "I know whose they are" some name from Houndsditch, a man that has gone bankrupt. I said, "They are, "to save further conversation and not to lose his custom. Frank asked if I bought theim in a sale. I said, "No, I bought them from a traveller" He asked if I could produce receipts. I told him I could. I did not tell him I bought the stuff on credit and was not going to pay for it. I did not tell Frank that Kerstein said the stuff oould not have been bought in a genuine way. I refused to produce the receipts to Frank. Verdict, Guilty of receiving. Sentence: Twelve months' hard labour. WATSON, Robert (36, seaman), and SMITH, Alexander (32, seaman), robbing with violence from John Hart and stealing from his person 1s. 6d., one pipe, one pair of boots, and one coat, his goods and moneys. Prosecutor did not appear to prosecute, and, no evidence being offered, the jury returned a formal verdict of not guilty. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Tuesday, April 30.) COLYER, Stanley (33, music-hall manager), having been entrusted with certain property, to wit, a banker's order for  14, in order that he should pay the proceeds thereof to Walter Herbert Meekcom, unlawfully fraudulently converting to his own use and benefit part of the proceeds thereof, to wit, the sum of  12. Mr. Bohn prosecuted; M. Du Parcq defended. WALTER HERBERT MEEKCOM, builder, Acton. I know prisoner; he is supposed to be a manager at Earl's Court. He instructed me to find moneys for different cinematographs, which I was to erect. I had not completed the work. In February for the work I had done he gave me a bill dated February 12 for  20 17s. 3d., which became due on March 15. I got it discounted at a moneylender's, Hamilton Clark, 137, Oxford Street. On March 12 I went to his flat in Wells Street and told him that I had got thebill discounted and I had got a cheque for  14, which the moneylender had given me. I gave it to him and he handed it to his wife. She went to a public-house and on her return said that they said tney had just paid their money into the bank and suggested going to Mr. Clarkson, of Wardour Street, and getting it cashed there. I went with prisoner to Clarkson's and, at his suggestion, I waited outside whilst he went in. On his coming out we went and had a drink and he said he had borrowed  2 on it and if I went next day he would give me the balance. He paid for the drinks and handed me  1 18s. On the next day I went with my son to his flat and he told me that if I went on the next day he would hand me my balance. I went the next day, the 14th, and he said he had not got it. I went and made inquiries at Clarkson's and then returned to the flat) and told him that Clarkson's had told me he had got the whole of the money that morning. It was then between 2 and 2.30; I should say I was at Clarkson's a few minutes before that. Prisoner said it was a lie. Cross-examined. I got a firm to promise  3,000 on a job in Fins-bury and Golder's Green, but on investigation, it was found the prisoner had nothing to do with it. Prisoner said that when I wanted  10 I could have it, land I was to have the building work; we had no agreement in writing; my employment as financial agent began, in September, 1911. In February I asked him for money and he gave me this bill; it was the only sum I had from him, and that settled the account between us for my expenses in running about on about seven different jobs; I had rendered no account, as it was not necessary. I told him I had spent so much money that I wanted some more. I kept no books showing my expenses. I worked for him till March 12, but I could not get any more out of him than  20 17s. 3d., because he had not got it; I had been making a claim on him since September 16, but I had washed my hands of that with the exception of getting some furs back that he had of mine. He gave me to understand thai I could get the bill discounted for   1 10s.; I had never discounted one before. I was in prosperous circumstances in February and March. The cheque for   14 was mine to do what I liked with, and I only took it to prisoner to tell him that I had only got   14 for the bill. I was short on March 12, and I did not pay it into my banking account because I should have had to wait three days for the money. I was not very hard up at the time, and I did not have to pawn a pair of vases; I did not say at the police court that is what I had to do. I did not have a leather case in pawn on March 12. I see now that I did say at the police court that on about March 12 I pawned a pair of vases for 2s. 6d. and a leather case for 9d.; I believe it was true when I said that, but I did not recollect saying it. I did not recollect until now that I had done so. I had to pawn the case to get my fare home from prisoner's flat to Acton as I had no money. On September 16 I let him have some furs to sell for me on commission, and I have not seen them since. He has never lent me money. He did not give me the bill as a loan. I did not suggest that it should be made out for an odd amount. He did not pay me   2 for discounting the bill for him. HERBERT VICTOR MEEKCOM, architect and surveyor. I am a son of the last witness, and live with him. "On Wednesday, March 13, I went with him to prisoner's flat; I should say it was some time between 12 and 2. He asked prisoner when he would let him have the balance of money for the cheque,   12, and he said if he came up next day he would let him have it, as the cheque had got to lay there two days before it could be cleared. Cross-examined. I understood from my father that the   20 17s. 3d. was for work he had done connected with cinematograph theatres, finding sites and financial advances. He has been assisting me for the past nine months. I did not take any part in the conversation on the 13th, but I heard everything. My father did not ask for a loan. He did not have too much money at that time, but he was not exactly hard up. I had nothing in pawn at this time, and I did not know he had. FRANK CHAMBKES, manager to Messrs. Clarksons, theatrical wig-makers, 41, Wardour-street. I have known prisoner 25 years. On March 12 he brought me a cheque for   14, and we gave him   4, saying we would give him the balance when the cheque went through. About midday two days after he called, and, the cheque having been cleared, I gave him the balance,   10, in gold. I fancy it was before half-past two, without being absolutely sure. I believe Mr. Meekcom subsequently called, but I did not see him. (Defence.) STANLEY COLYBR (prisoner, on oath). I have known prosecutor some four or five years. I was assistant manager of the Earl's Court Exhibition. I never employed him to finance cinematograph shows. On February 12 I gave him a bill for  20 17s. 3d., but it was not in payment for services rendered; he came and asked me to lend him  5. I had not got the money, but he said if I would give him a bill he could very likely get a loan on it, and I gave him this bill. The reason I made it out for an odd amount was that he said that one always made out bills for odd amounts to make them look as though they were trade acceptances. I did not owe him any money at the time. He was going to take it to an estate agent's in Shepherd's Bush, who he thought would advance him  5 on it, and he would then in a month or so redeem it and return me the bill. Instead of doing that he took it to a money-lender without my authority. He returned and told me that he had done so and that this money-lender would probably communicate with me. I went to see the money-lender. On March 12 prosecutor came up and gave me a cheque for  14, dated that day, drawn by Hamilton Clark. I told him I would get it cashed and give him  2. It got it cashed at Clarkson's, and Mr. Chambers' evidence is correct except that it was 4 p.m. when I went and got the balance on March 14. I handed prosecutor  2 for his trouble in the matter; he made no claim to the rest of the proceeds. On March 14 when he came I simply remarked to him about his disgraceful behaviour on the previous night. He said nothing about asking for more money. He had borrowed money from me previously to this. Cross-examined. I did not ask him to wait outside Clarkson's when I went in. I did not tell him that I had borrowed  2 on the cheque. I gave him  2 for negotiating the bill. The reason why I made the bill out for such a large amount was that he told me that a bill was never made out for less than  20; I was also hard up at the time and I wanted some money. Before we went to Clarkson's he had taken the cheque all over London for about a month to try and get somebody to cash it; that is what he told me. When he called on me on the 14th I had not then received the balance from Clarkson's. Verdict, Not guilty. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (Tuesday, April 30.) GILBERT, Herbert (40, cabinet maker), forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain order for the payment of  60, with intent to defraud. Mr. S.A. Kyffin prosecuted; Mr. E. Bennett Calvert defended. ALBEBT VOLKGANGER, 11, Milman Street, Bloomsbury, chef. I am a German; I came to England in October, 1911, and have known prisoner for two or three months. On April 2 I saw prisoner in his room at 23, Hay Street, Bloomsbury. He said he had not money enough, he would have to go to the Bank; then he asked me for a cheque for  6 to pay his rent; he said, "I want to pay my landlord with a cheque as it will produce a good impression on him. I wrote Cheque (produced) for  6, and he gave me  6 in gold. This was the first cheque I had ever written in England; prisoner wrote the cheque for me and I signed it. It has now been altered by adding "ty" to the "six" and a "0" in the figures, making it a cheque for  60. I gave no authority to prisoner to do that. Prisoner said as it was my first transaction I had better write a letter to the bank; he wrote letter (produced) asking the bank to honour the cheque for  6 I signed the letter. I filled in the counterfoil at prisoner's dictation with the words "value received." The prisoner put the cheque in a drawer and he posted the advice note. On April 4 between 3 and 4 p.m. I called on prisoner. He said, "A telegram has arrived from Germany saying my wife's grandmother is lying on her death-bed and she must start at once." I went with prisoner to order some clothes, as I do not speak much English. When I left him I said, "Shall I see you tonight?" He said, "No, because he was going to see his wife off to Germany." The next morning I saw prisoner in his room at 7 a.m. I had got suspicious about the cheque and I went to the police-station and then waited all night outside prisoner's house with a policeman This was After a communication I had had with the bank. I knocked at his door, saw the prisoner, and came out. My wife was with me all night there waiting outside. She said to prisoner, "You are a scoundrel." Prisoner fell on his knees and said, "Pardon the mean thing I have done, do not surrender me to the police, I entreat you, or I shall have to shoot myself." I said, "Give the money back to me and I will not take any steps." He said, "Give me time, I will send a telegram to my wife and she will send the money." said, "If I get the money back I will not accuse you." He wrote something down in English which I was to say at the police-station; I cannot remember what I did with that paper. Prisoner said, "I have only on me  29." He gave me the  29 and wrote paper produced, "Received from H. Gilbert the sum of  29 in part payment of the sum of  60." I left the house with prisoner; the constable arrested him and we went to the station. Cross-examined. Prisoner knew the woman I lived with was not my wife. I lived at Mrs. Sharp's, 2, Steven Street, Tottenham Court Road. I left there of my own accord. Prisoner said he had  40 or  50 in the bank and proposed to join me in taking a pastrycook's shop. I told him I had money coming from Germany. I received  90; he arranged references for me to open a bank account. We never talked of taking flats. Mrs. Sharp took a flat at 72, Lamb's Conduit Street for my wife and myself; she may have called herself my mother. I had very good references as a chef. I had 600 francs when I came from Paris in October, 1911. I drew the cheque because I wanted money to buy a costume for my wife. Prisoner said, "You need not go to the bank, I will give you the money, and, besides, it would be a good reference for me to pay my rent with a cheque it will show I am a business man." This is the first I have heard of tone idea of taking flats. I did not see prisoner post the letter of advice. (Wednesday, May 1.) ALBERT VOLKGANGER, recalled. Further cross-examined. Prisoner had told me that his wife was going to Germany. After I had been to the bank and looked at the cheque I found prisoner's place closed and thought they had both gone; then in the morning he said, "My wife is off to Germany" and that he had only  30 of which he had spent  1 in taxi-cabs, so he only had  29 to return me. Prisoner told me he had got into trouble by keeping a bad house and that by disguising himself at the very last moment he got away right under the eyes of the police. I am perfectly certain there was an empty space after the "6" in the cheque I signed; that occurred to me during the night. FREDERICK PERCY LINN, manager, Farrow's Bank, Whitechapel. Prosecutor opened an account on my bank on March 30, 1912. On April 3 I received advice note by post; subsequently prisoner presented cheque (produced) and received for it  60 in gold. I believe someone had a communication with the bank after 11.30 p.m. that night. Police-constable GEORGE WATT, 456 E. On April 4, at 6.30 a.m., prosecutor spoke to me outside of No. 23, Hay-street, Bloomsbury: there was a female with him. They went in at 7 a.m., and about 9 a.m. came out with the prisoner. Prisoner said, "I am going to arrange this privately with him. "Prosecutor said, "This is the man who robbed me of my money." I took prisoner to Bow Street Police Station. Cross-examined. When prisoner said he was going to arrange it privately, prosecutor did not say, "I am not going to do it." Detective-sergeant JAMES EDWARDS, J Division. On April 4, at noon, I saw prisoner at Bow Street. I told him I was a police officer, and that he would be taken to Bethnal Green Police Station and charged with forging a cheque which he had received from Albert Volkganger by altering the cheque from  6 to  60, and obtaining that amount from Farrow's Bank, Whitechapel Branch. Prisoner said, "The prosecutor promised not to charge me. I gave him  29. and I have promised to give, him the remainder in a couple of days. "I then took him in a cab to Bethnal Green Police Station. On the way he said, "I told Volkganger I would get the money in two or three days. If he charges me he will be sorry, for I can get him into trouble he is only a ponce. If he does not charge me I will give him the money back." Whilst being charged he said to prosecutor, "Are you going to charge me?" Prosecutor said, "Yes." Prisoner said, "If you do I will not give you the money back." He then spoke very rapidly in German, which I do not understand. After being charged, as he was being put into the cells, he said to me, "I will have something to say about this. We were going to use the money to rent flats for girls.' After prosecutor spoke in German the prosecutor hesitated to sign the charge-sheet. The inspector sent for an interpreter, who explained to him, and he then signed the sheet. Cross-examined. Prosecutor was under the impression that we could detain prisoner until the money came from Germany. He spoke to the inspector. Inspector HENRY SKIPPER, J Division, stationed at Bethnal Green. On April 4, when prisoner was brought in I investigated the case and asked prosecutor if he wished to proceed with the charge. I entered the charge on the sheet and invited prosecutor to sign it; he shrugged his shoulders, appeared not to understand, and entered into a rapid conversation in German with the prisoner. I sent for an interpreter, and through him explained what compounding a felony was. Prosecutor wished me to send to Germany for the money and detain the prisoner. I told him I could not do that. He then decided to proceed with the charge. Prisoner's statement: "I am not guilty. I met prosecutor 10 or 11 weeks ago, he conversed about taking some flats to start an illegal business, and gave me a cheque for  60 to do the necessary because he could not speak English. He told me he was not going to tell his girl beforehand in case she might not want it. I never touched the cheque after he signed it. I ask that the cheque be submitted to an expert. That is all I have got to say." (Defence.) HERBERT GILBERT (prisoner, on oath). I made no alteration in the cheque. I came to England in 1895, and earned an honest living up to 1903; I got into bad company and was sentenced for burglary. After coming out, for 15 months I worked as a cabinet maker. In 1906 I received three months for keeping a brothel; I then went to Antwerp, signed on as steward, and served on steamers running from Antwerp to New York and Montreal for about 18 months. I then went to Paris, and was for three years in a confidential position with Stockwell and Co., carriers; left of my own accord, and came to London on January 12, 1912. I had then saved about  64. I spent money in living and seeking employment. I have known prisoner from the end of January, and got friendly with him. He told me he wanted to furnish flats' and let them for immoral purposes. I told him the trouble I had got into. He told me he had money coining from Germany. As he did not speak much English I was to arrange the taking of the flats and furnishing them. He was to take one flat with his wife and I the other. He knew that he would not get the flats himself, being a foreigner. On April 2 he came to my room at 23, Hay Street. We had then been looking at various flats in Great Tichfield Street and Bernard Street. He told me he had paid the money into the bank, and he would give me the money so that I could get the flats and furnish them. I never asked him for a cheque for  6. My rent was 14s. a week, which I had paid four weeks in advance; I did not owe  6; nothing was due. He agreed to give me a cheque for  60 to be used to pay the rent in advance and furnish two flats. I had introduced him to Farrows Bank. I gave a reference to the bank, and I asked a Mr. Jacobs, in Leman Street, who is a customer of the bank, to give another reference. Jacobs had never seen prosecutor in his life. As the third reference prosecutor and I agreed to give the name of a fictitious person in Manor Park; he wrote a letter and gave me a shilling to go to Manor Park and post it, which I did. As neither of us knew the custom of bankers we agreed to write an advice note, asking the bank to honour the cheque, which I posted. I had never seen the counterfoil, and did not direct him to fill it up. The advice note was signed by prosecutor; he gave me an envelope which was stuck down, and posted in his presence. I had no opportunity to alter it from  6 to  60. I told prosecutor my wife's grandmother was ill in Germany, and she would have to go there. The next morning as I was dressing he came to my room. I asked him what he had come for at that time in the morning. I said, "Have not you been able to get in all night," because it had happened that his girl had had company and that he could not be in his own place. He said, "No." I never went on my knees and begged for mercy; I had no occasion to do so. He said if I paid back he would not charge me. I said, "It cannot be any matter of charging; I have not stolen anything or swindled you out of anything. If you want to go off the agreement you shall have your money back, but if you charge me you shall never have it back; you are not entitled to." His wife was outside at the door. We were talking about arranging the matter, and as he had given information he wanted somehow to retract the charge, knowing that there would be a lot of dirty things come out; we burned some papers containing lists of furniture for the flats; we thought the police might find them and we did not want that to come out. He did not charge me till after 2 p.m. Prosecutor declined to charge me partly because his conscience told him he was doing me a wrong, and partly because he knew what would come out if this charge went on. The police tried repeatedly to make him sign the charge-sheet, and he kept on refusing. The police then said they would charge us both him for condoning a felony and me for forging. After signing the sheet prosecutor told me he had been persuaded and threatened by his wife, and that he could not help himself. I told prosecutor I had only got  29 I could find him the other  30 in two or three days that I could get the money back from Germany. The honest truth was it had never left London; it was put by me on deposit in a bank. I put about  35 in the bank. (To the Judge.) I refuse to say what bank I put it in. Cross-examined. My name is Brand. I was convicted in the name of Harry Mailing. I went under the name of Otto Bernstorff, and was expelled as an undesirable alien under that name. Before coming back I was informed that the expulsion order did not apply after three years. Verdict, Guilty. Prisoner confessed to having been convicted on March 14, 1903, at Cardiff, in the name of Heuty Mailing, receiving a sentence of 18 months for burglary and stealing jewellery. On October 19, 1906, at Clerkenwell Police Court, he was sentenced to three months for keeping a brothel, and an expulsion order made; a warrant is granted for his arrest for returning. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (April 30, May 1, May 2.) MAHNIG, Rosa (23, servant), maliciously writing and publishing, and causing to be written and published, a certain defamatory libel of and concerning Charles Herman Liebbrand. Mr. Muir and Mr. Eldridge prosecuted; Mr. Rooth defended. The evidence was not such as to be reported. The jury disagreed. Prisoner was sent back (upon bail) for trial at next Sessions. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Wednesday, May 1.) SEAL, William (51, cook), breaking and entering the dwelling-house of William. Diddell and stealing therein one chain and other articles and  6 14s. 6d., his goods and moneys; breaking and entering the dwelling-house of Charles Angelo Russ and stealing therein one cheque book and other articles, his goods; forging certain orders for the payment of  3 12s. 6d.,  1 10s., and  3 10s., in each case with intent to defraud; obtaining by false pretences from Martha Sellar  2 18s. 2d., the moneys of Bernard and Son and from Robert Baptie  1 10s., in each case with intent to defraud. Prisoner pleaded guilty to forging and uttering the order for the payment of  3 12s. 6d.; this plea was accepted by the prosecution. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction of felony at this court on November 17, 1902, in their name of William Thompson, when he "was sentenced to seven years' penal servitude. He was then proved to be connected with a very dangerous gang of criminals; he was an expert forger and housebreaker. Five previous convictions, four of them being for forgery, were proved. He had refused information as to where he had been employed since his release in 1908. "Sentence: Three years' penal servitude. HOP, Chang (29, seaman), and KOU, Ah (30, seaman), feloniously wounding Chang Sing with intent to do him grievous bodily harm. Prisoners pleaded guilty of unlawfully assaulting Chang Sing and occasioning him actual bodily harm; this plea was accepted by the prosecution. It was stated that the assault arose from differences of opinion which had arisen between members of two Chinese societies, which had been the cause of many disturbances in the locality. The feud had now come to an end and a promise had been given that no further disturbances should take place. Mr. Huntly Jenkins, for the prisoners, in asking for leniency, stated that prisoners would be ready to leave for Amsterdam to join their ship. The Recorder postponed sentence, stating that on his being satisfied that their passage had been taken to Amsterdam or elsewhere and that they would not return to this country he would release them on their own recognisances. (May 3.) Upon it being stated by the police that their passages had been booked to Amsterdam, where they would join a ship, and upon a Chinese gentleman undertaking to see them off, the Recorder released prisoners on their own recognisances in the sum of  20 each to come up for judgment if called upon, telling them that they must not return to this country. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (Wednesday, May 1.) DINSLEY, Harry Stephenson (37, manager), being adjudicated bankrupt, unlawfully obtaining credit to the extent of  20 and upwards, to wit, to the extent of  30 from John Solomon Bates without informing him that he was an undischarged bankrupt. Mr. Penry Oliver prosecuted; Mr. Macrae Biggie defended. JOHN SOLOMON BATES, 4, Little St. Andrew Street, Upper St. Martin's Lane, builder and contractor. At the end of October, 1911, I first met prisoner at the Two Brewers public-house; he told me he had got a job for me and asked me to give him a price for some work shown on plans; on October 31 I entered into contract (produced) to do the work for  156. He afterwards asked me to give him a further price for other work, and on November 2 we entered into contract (produced) for  70. On November 6 I started work on Nos. 46 and 48, Hampstead Road under the direction of Mr. Burchett, prisoner's architect, who, on November 17, gave me certificate for  30, which I took to prisoner on Saturday afternoon; he gave me in payment cheque (produced) on the London County and Westminster Bank for  30, which I cashed with my butcher; it was returned marked "RD." I wrote prisoner and received letter dated November 22: "Dear Mr. Bates, My clerk will have told you how things stand at my home from where I am writing. It is now 11.30, and the doctor can give me no hope of my wife's life. I expect the cash will be paid into my account to-morrow or at the latest Friday morning, and I will send you on an open cheque at once. You would have had the cash to-day if it had not been for this accident at home. As you know, payment is not really due till Friday, but I am more than sorry circumstances have prevented me letting you have it earlier. Faithfully yours, F.H. Dinsley." I never received the open cheque. The cheque was again presented and returned. I gave instructions to Mr. Choate to communicate with prisoner; as a result of what Choate told me I instructed my solicitor; an action was brought against prisoner and on February 17, before Mr. Justice Bankes, I recovered judgment (produced) against defendant for  30, and costs. During the progress of the case prisoner stated he was an undischarged bankrupt. I was not aware of it before. I caused inquiries to be made and applied for a summons. Cross-examined. The loss of this money has ruined me. Prisoner did not tell me he was the agent of a Mr. Lowy, the lessee, and that he (prisoner) held the leases, bills of exchange, and a mortgage as security that Lowy would pay and that that was what I had to look to as he (prisoner) was an undischarged bankrupt there is not a word of truth in it. If Lowy's name is on the contract, I took no notice of it. He showed me no lease whatever. GEORGE INGLIS BOYLE, messenger, Court of Bankruptcy. I produce file of prisoner's bankruptcy: Receiving order, April 8, 1910; judication, April 14; liabilities,  1,821 6s. lid.; assets,  55 1s. 9d.; he has not applied for or received his discharge. Detective HENRY JOEL, E Division. On March 28 I saw prisoner at 101, Pentonville Road, where he carries on business as a bioscope and film manufacturer. I explained the summons to him; he made no reply. Cross-examined. I have known prisoner for nine or ten years as an honest and respectable man. (Thursday, May 2.) JOHN PATCHIN CHOATE, 46, Lloyd Road, Denmark Hill, quantity surveyor. I was employed by prosecutor to estimate for work at 46 and 48, Hampstead Road, which I worked out at  247. I saw prisoner about the specifications; he said I must reduce it to less than  230, which amount he said was deposited in the bank and I reduced it to  228. On November 2, 1911, I saw prisoner and Mr. Burchett, his architect. I asked Burchett to send the contract to be signed. Burchett said that the  230 was deposited in the bank for the purposes of the contract. It was arranged that the contract should be signed at 11 the next morning at prisoner's office. I had also made an estimate for a fireproof flooring at  47. On November 3 I saw prisoner; I asked how it was he had sent two contracts to prosecutor to sign and why the second one was made out for  70 instead of  47; he said he wanted the second contract for the gentleman who was finding the money. He said he would send duplicates signed by himself to prosecutor. When about  45 worth of work had been done I wrote to Burchett asking for a certificate for  30 and an open cheque on the bank where the money was deposited before 11 on Saturday morning. I saw prosecutor and on November 22 wrote prisoner asking for the money for the cheque or we should stop work. I afterwards wrote on December 9 threatening proceedings. The work was stopped on November 22. (Defence.) HARRY STEPHENSON DINSLEY (prisoner, on oath). I was originally a Nonconformist minister and have since engaged in cinematograph work. I told prosecutor of my bankruptcy. In March, 1911, I met Lowy, one of the managers of the Apollo Theatre, and agreed with him to fit up part of the bank premises, 44 and 46, Hampstead Road, as an electric theatre and to take from him a twelve-month's contract for supplying the operator films and outfit; he to pay  40 down (which I received in April) and  260 in four  50 bills and one of  60, the first payable on December 16 and the others at intervals of one month; he also was to deposit the lease and any other security required for the discounting of the bills. Part of the premises was let to a Mr. Paxton for a hospital. I received the leases. On September 18 or 19 I was introduced to prosecutor by the landlord of the "Two Brewers" and agreed with prosecutor to do the work for  228 in two contracts of  158 and  70. I engaged Burchett to draw the plans and specification. I had several conversations with prosecutor. About the end of October I showed him the leases, the mortgage on the premises to me, and the bills and said, "Now, Bates, as I am a bankrupt that is all the security you have to depend on as far as I am concerned." I introduced Lowy and said, "This is Mr. Lowy, your principal at Hampstead Road." Lowy urged on prosecutor the necessity for the work being completed within a month from the signing of the contract. The prospects of the theatre were discussed. I said I though Lowy was fortunate in having got the site. Lowy said, "Why do not you take a place like it I have told you about the Angel site, why do not you take it?" I told him not to "talk rot," and said as long as I was a bankrupt I could not do anything of that description that I found my bankruptcy handicapped me in everyway. Prosecutor then asked if I was connected with the Angel site. I said, "No, there was nothing in it." Prosecutor and I talked over whether the  70 contract should be signed by Lowy or whether I should sign it with an indemnity from Lowy; the architect had made it out in Lowy's name. Prosecutor said he would rather I signed it as I had all the securities. I got indemnity (produced) from Lowy for the  70. The two contracts were signed by me in prosecutor's office on October 31, his carpenter witnessing my signature and Burchett witnessing prosecutor's. Burchett crossed Lowy's name out of the  70 contract and put mine in. I told prosecutor when the bills were discounted the money would be paid into a separate account at the bank. I did not succeed in discounting the bills. On November 17 prosecutor told me he had got from Burchett a certificate for  30. I said the bills were not discounted, but I thought it very probable they would be the following morning. He said, "Of course, the money is not due for a, week, but do you think you will be able to let me have it to-morrow?" I said, "Mr. Russell says he has little doubt that his people will complete the discounting to-morrow and if so you can have the money with pleasure." Russell is a surveyor, of 170, Strand, who, prosecutor knew, intended to discount the bills or his clients would. (Friday, May 3.) HARRY STEPHENSON DINSLEY (prisoner on oath), recalled. On Saturday, November 18, I saw Russell and found the bills were not discounted. I got to my office at 1.30 and saw prosecutor. I told him the bills were not discounted, but Russell felt confident they would be discounted on Monday or Tuesday. Prosecutor said he had not quite enough money to pay his men and if I would let him have the cheque he could get some money from a tradesman; that the cheque would not be presented till Tuesday or Wednesday. I then gave him the cheque for   30. On November 22 my wife had an accident and fractured the base of her skull and I was away from the office. On receiving Choaite's letter of that date I wired to my solicitor and asked him to see prosecutor. Prosecutor afterwards brought an action against me for the   30. Lowy brought an action against me for the work being stopped and the bills were returned to him on an arrangement that he would continue the contract direct with prosecutor. Cross-examined. I knew prosecutor had not money to pay his workmen when I gave him the cheque. I did not then say I was an agent. Before and after my bankruptcy I was director and manager of the Parkin Bioscope Company, from whom I received a salary. I contracted with Lowy to do the work for   300. The bank refused to discount the bills at the end of October or beginning of November. I contracted with prosecutor to do part of the work for   228; I had to provide the seating, electric lighting, pay for the plans, and other expenses. I cannot swear to the date when I told prosecutor I was an undischarged bankrupt. On Saturday, November 18, I told him unless the bills were discounted the cheque would not be met. I did not refer to that in my letter because it was unnecessary. CONSTANCE IRENE GORDON. I have been five years in prisoner's employ. I left on October 31, 1911. In October, 1911, I came into prisoner's office. Prosecutor and prisoner were there. I saw the papers relating to the Hampstead Road affair on a marble table. I heard prisoner say, "As I am an undischarged bankrupt, this" (pointing to the papers) "is all you have to look to" or "rely on." I was interested in the matter because my fiance was to be the operator at the theatre. WILLIAM HERBERT CREWE, Marley Road, Peckham, retired licensed victualler. In June, 1911, I was introduced to Lowy by prisoner as the probable manager of the Hampstead Road Picture Palace. I have been manager to a cinematograph show in Harrow Road. In the beginning of October I called to see prisoner. He came out with Lowy, and we all three went to the "Two Brewers." Prosecutor was there. Prisoner said, "Hullo, Bates, I was just coming to see you. I want to introduce you to Mr. Lowy, your principal at Hampstead Road. "Lowy said he wanted the alterations finished within a month of the signing of the contract. Prisoner congratulated Lowy on the site. Lowy said, "Why don't you do the same. I have mentioned to you the site at the 'Angel.'" Prisoner said, "What is the use of your talking like that. You know very well I cannot take that over as long as I am a bankrupt." Prosecutor asked prisoner if that was another place he was concerned in. Prisoner said "No "; there was nothing in it. I and prisoner then returned to his office; Lowy remained talking to prosecutor. FREDERICK HALL TOMPKINS, 112, Melloxen Road, Tooting, solicitor. On December 11 I was instructed by prisoner to see the prosecutor, which I did. I said I had come from Mr. Dinsley in respect of a letter which he had received from Choate. Prosecutor said, "Why is not he manly enough to come himself." I said that his wife was ill. I had with me the mortgage, five bills, and two leases, and explained that the bills had not been discounted by the bank because they had been made payable by the acceptor Lowy at a bank where he had no account. Prosecutor said he believed Lowy had an account now. I told him the bills would have to be discounted on the faith of Lowy's name because Dinsley was an undischarged bankrupt. He said, "Yes, he told me that. "I suggested that he should take the  50 bill falling due on December 16, and prisoner would assign the mortgage and leases to him, and that he would get paid. Cross-examined. I gave evidence in the High Court as to the conversation with prosecutor in the action of Bates v. Dinsley for  30. I said nothing about prisoner's telling him he was an undischarged bankrupt. Prisoner stated that he was an undischarged bankrupt at the end of the trial. Re-examined. The point in that trial was the question of agency. Verdict, Guilty. Sentence: Three months' imprisonment, second division. BEFORE MR. JUSTICE LUSH. (Thursday, May 2.) McCOY, Charles (41, painter) pleaded guilty, of breaking and entering the warehouse of Albert Janowsky and stealing therein a quantity of pipe fittings and other articles, his goods. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction of felony at the London Quarter Sessions on July 25, 1911. Eleven convictions dating from 1888 were proved. Prisoner was released from his last sentence in February of this year, since when it was stated he had endeavoured to obtain employment. Sentence: Three years' penal servitude. EVERSDON, Frank (33, tailor), unlawfully keeping a brothel; assisting in the management of a brothel; keeping and maintaining a common, ill-governed and disorderly house. Verdict, Guilty. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction for assisting in the management of a brothel on December 13, 1908, and December 4, 1909; on each occasion he was sentenced to four months' hard labour. Two previous convictions in 1904 (three months' hard labour) and 1906 (four months' hard labour) were proved. It was stated that he had never been known to do any honest work. His father, mother, and brothers had been convicted of similar offences. Mr. Patrick Hastings pointed out that having regard to the number of his previous convictions, prisoner had been purposely indicted at Common Law in order to extend the term of his sentence. Mr. Tully-Christie submitted that the prosecution had not proved, as alleged in the indictment, the particular parish in which the brothel was situated. The Recorder said he did not think that that objection would avail, as it was cured by the verdict. Sentence: Four months' hard labour on the first and second counts; twelve months' hard labour on the third count; the sentences to run concurrently. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Friday, May 3.) BAKER Charles (53, painter), feloniously uttering, knowing the same to be altered, and order for the payment of  50 0s. 6d. with intent to defraud. Mr. Passmore prosecuted. WILLIAM HENRY GRIFFITHS, Vicar, St. Olave's, Clerkenwell. On April 6 1 made out this cheque (Exhibit 1) to Charles Thin for 10s. 6d. and pasted it. When I next saw it it had been altered to  50 0s. 6d. and the crossing bad been removed. I do not know prisoner. CHARLES JAMES THIN, publisher and bookseller, 6, Great Queen street, Holborn. I have never received Exhibit 1 and the endorsement upon it is not that made by me or with my authority. I think prisoner came into my shop on one occasion, but my memory is none too good on that point. GEORGE THOMAS BERRIDGE, assistant cashier, National Bank of England, Goswell Road. About 2 p.m. on April 9, prisoner came and presented Exhibit 1. I could see the crossing had been taken out and the amount altered. I pointed it out to tie manager, who asked prisoner 'bo come into his office. He immediately ran out. Murphy, another cashier, happened to be coming in from lunch and he ran after him and brought him back. We cent for a policeman and gave him in charge. SIDNEY MURPHY, cashier, National Bank of England. At about 2.15 p.m. on April 9 I was returning from lunch, when I saw prisoner running out of the bank. I ran after him and he ran down a cul de sac. I Waited for him at the entrance of the turning and on his returning I told him I wanted him to come back to the bank. He asked me why, and I told him I had found out that he had presented a forged cheque; I had found that out before following him. He said, "I have not been there." I said we could not argue in the road and he must come back and explain. I took him to the manager's room, where I asked him how he came by the cheque. He said he had found it in the street that same morning. I said that would not do and he then said he had found a Jettter in which the cheque was enclosed; he had destroyed the letter, but kept the cheque. We told him that would not do and he said that the "Angel" public-house opposite he had met two men, one of whom he had known a considerable while named Badsey; they had asked him to present the cheque in consideration of a few shillings, and as he was very hard up he had done so. I asked him if he would take me over and point them out to me, but he said it was no use going over there then. We called a constable and gave him in charge. Police-constable EDWARD DUBBIN, G 267. About 2 p.m. on April 9 I was called to the National Bank, where I saw prisoner detained. He was given into my custody and I took him to the station. On arriving there he said, "It is a shame; I am innocent." When charged he made no reply. Prisoner's statement before the magistrate: "I met these two men in a public-house yesterday. I got into conversation with them. They asked me if I would take the cheque into the bank for them and they said they would give me a few shillings. I was not to wait for any answer and that was my idea for running out." CHARLES BAKER (prisoner, not on oath), produced a statement, which was read:... "They asked me if I was out of work, and I told them I was.... They asked me if I would like to earn a few shillings, and I told them I would be only too glad. They showed me a cheque and asked me to take it over to the bank. They also said, 'If they ask you any question, come out again.' I was not thinking at the time the risk I was running myself into.... I have never been inside a bank in my life before.... I have been a tool for other people.... I have always had to work very hard for my living. This is the first time I have ever done such a thing, but I will try all I know to assist in getting these two men." Verdict, Guilty of uttering. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction of felony at Bow Street on April 15, 1909, when he was sentenced to three months' hard labour for stealing. It was stated that for some years past he had been known to do casual work at Covent Garden, but was an associate of convicted thieves, one of whom had been Badsey, who died five months ago. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. BENDOFF, Woolf, having been, entrusted with certain property, to win, one ring, the property of Emmanuel Wartiski, unlawfully fraudulently converting the same to his own use and benefit. Mr. Tully-Christie prosecuted; Mr. Kent defended. EMMANUEL WARTISKI, jewellers' traveller, 32, Green Lanes, Newington Green. On February 20 I told prisoner I had a lady's diamond ring to cell and asked him to help me to sell it. We went to Edgware Road, and he went to Robertson's, a pawnbroker. I waited opposite for 45 minutes, but he did not come out. I looked in and found he was not there. I rang up a book shop in Villier's Street, which was our meeting place should we miss each other; he had not been there at all. The next time I saw him was at Bow Street on March 30. The pawnbroker produced the ring. Cross-examined. I had known prisoner 15 years, and have had previous transactions with him; he has always been straightforward. I know he has been the heavy-weight champion boxer of the world. This ring was not mine; I had it on approbation. Prisoner has pawned jewellery for me before. I gave him this ring to dispose of; he was either to sell or pledge it. A fortnight after he sent me in the pawn-ticket from Paris. The reason I did not pawn it myself was that he had told me he had been doing rather badly, and I wanted to put a few shillings in his way, not because the pawnbroker would know me as being Gadenburg's (the owner of the ring) agent. The ring was not get up specially to pawn. I did not move away from outside the shop. There is a stopping place for buses just there, and I might have missed him. LAWRENCE MAYER, assistant to C. and A. Robertson, pawnbrokers, 199, Edgware Road. On February 20 prisoner, who was a stranger to me, pawned this ring for  37, and I produce the contract. Cross-examined. There is only one entrance to the shop. He gave me Wartiski's name and address; he signed the contract in his own name. He said that he was pledging it for his guv'nor. I did not tell him to hand the  37 to Wartiski. I knew nothing of Wartiski before this. Detective WILLIAM MABCHANT, F Division. On February 29 I saw prisoner at the police station and read him a warrant charging him with converting this ring to his own use. He said, "Quite right, sir. I thought it was a breach of trust. I then went off to Paris. I am glad it is over. I am very sorry." Cross-examined. He did not say, "I am glad it is over." He told me that there was a big boxing match between Carpentier and Sullivan and he went over to Paris to back Sullivan. He is a man who has had large sums of money. He has not been previously charged with dishonesty. Mr. Kent submitted that there was no case on the first indictment, since it charged prisoner with having been entrusted with the ring to sell, and the evidence was that he was entrusted with it to pawn. The Recorder stated that this was not the effect of the evidence. Mr. Kent further submitted that there was no case on the second indictment charging prisoner with having received the money for and on account of the prosecutor. The Recorder overruled this submission. (Defence.) WOOLF BENDOFF (prisoner, on oath). I am 52 years of age. I used to be the heavy-weight champion boxer of the world. I now occasionally make a book. I have known prosecutor about 15 years; he has engaged me to pawn jewellery for him, as I get better prices than he does, the pawnbrokers knowing him to be a professional pawner. He told me this was a "chanceable" ring, and that it was well made up. I told the pawnbroker it was the prosecutor's ring, and signed the contract in my own name. After having been in the shop about 15 minutes I came out but I could not see him. There was a big match on at Monte Carlo between, Sullivan and Carpentier. I went over to Paris to speculate on Sullivan, and I am very sorry to say I took the  37 with me. I have tried my utmost to get the money to repay, and I am still willing to do so if I can. Verdict, Guilty. Prisoner was released on his own recognisances in  50 to come up for judgment if called upon. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (May 3, 4, 6, and 7.) HUNT, Thomas William (31, bust maker), obtaining by false pretences from Rose Riddle a postal order for 9s. 6d., from Blanche Fuller and Herbert Henry Fuller a postal order for 9s. 6d., from Ruth Bowes a postal order for 16s. 6d., from Catherine Jane Heberlet a postal order for 20s., from Daisy Axon a postal order for 24s. 6d., from Frederick Mark Newton a postal order for 17s. 6d., from Beatrice Lee and Ernest Howard Lee postal orders for 3s. and 2s., from Amy Ellen Burlong a postal order for 9s. 6d., from Hilda Rose Hasel-dine a postal order for 17s. 6d., and from Alice Denison and Ernest Abbott Denieon a postal order for 3s., and those several sums in money, in each case with intent to defraud and unlawfully incurring certain debts and liabilities to the said several persons to the said amounts did obtain credit from the said several persons under false pretences. Mr. Travers Humphreys and Mr. Cecil Whiteley prosecuted; Mr. Purcell defended. ROSE RIDDLE, 1, North Road, St. Denis, Southampton, domestic servant. In May, 1911, I saw an advertisement, published in "Well-don's Journal" of August, 1910, of the Regent Bust Company, 83, Regent Street, to whom I wrote and received price list (produced) giving a number of models. I selected dress model No. 332, sent postal order for 9s. 6d., and received letter of May 24 from the Regent Bust Company, Limited, stating that the model would be dispatched in about fourteen days. As it did not arrive I wrote several letters during June, and on July 24 wrote demanding that the model should be sent or my money returned. I received no reply and instructed my solicitors, who wrote letter produced. I did not receive the model or my 9s. 6d. Cross-examined. I received my model on March 1, 1912, after these proceedings had commenced and I had given evidence at the Police Court. BLANCHE FULLER, RUTH BOWES, CATHERINE JANE HEBERLET, DAISY AXON, FREDERICK MARK NEWTON, BEATRICE LEE, HILDA ROSS HASEL DINE, AMY ELLEN BURLONG, and ALICE DENISON all gave evidence to the same effect: of having read an advertisement in "Welldon's Journal" or "Fashions for All" of the previous year, 1910, forwarded an order and remittance in 1911 to the prisoner under the name of "The Premier Bust Company," 59 and 61, New Oxford Street; "David Fernie and Co., of 61, Tottenham Court Road; "The Parisian Bust Company," 150, Oxford Street; "the Regent Bust Company," of 83, Regent Street; "The Ideal Dress Form Company.," of 65A, Oxford Street; or "The Paris Model Company," of 150, Oxford Street; in each case a promise to forward the model in fourteen days, repeated applications without result, the model in all cases being forwarded at the end of February or beginning of March, 1912, after the prosecutrix had given evidence at the Police Court. THOMAS HUGH GRIFFITHS, cashier, London and South Western Bank, Great Portland Street. I produce copy of prisoner account from January 1 to June 30, 1911, when it was closed by 4s. credit being written off for bank charges. On January 11 there is an overdraft of 10s. 2d.; on May 23 an overdraft of 6d.; on June 1 a balance of 1s. 6d. Cross-examined. The account began in 1906 and was a substantial one down to 1910, with an annual turnover of about  3,000 or  4,000. Evidence of prisoner's accounts at the London Joint Stock Bank, Cannon Street, and the London and South Western Bank, Clerkenwell, was given, showing very small balances in 1911. ALBERT CHARLES BONHAM, member of W. and F.C. Bonham and Sons, 65, Oxford Street, auctioneers. My firm let to prisoner, from September 29, 1907, two rooms on second floor of 65A, Oxford Street, which he occupied to December 20, 1910. The "September, 1910, quarter's rent not being paid we distrained, the goods only realising  5. Cross-examined. Up to July, 1910, prisoner paid his rent regularly and was a satisfactory tenant and, I believe, carried on a substantial business. Similar evidence was given with regard to prisoner's renting of 59 and 61, New Oxford Street, from July 20, 1908; Albion House, New Oxford Street; 83, Regent Street, from July, 1908; 61, Tottenham Court Road, from June, 1908; 150, Oxford Street, from May, 1909; and 65, Shaftesbury Street, New North Road, from February, 1909 that he carried on a business and fell into arrears in his rent towards the end of 1910. HENRY LEE, bookkeeper to H.W. Scriven, advertisement agent, Ludgate Hill. I have inserted advertisements for prisoner as the Paris Model Co., of 83, Wells Street, in "Welldon's Journal "and "Fashions For All" from 1908 to 1909; as the Continental Bust Co., of 23, Margaret Street, Regent Street, and 59 and 61, New Oxford Street, from 1907 to 1909; as David Fernie, of 61, Tottenham Court. Road, from 1908 to 1909; as the Ideal Bust Co., of 65a, oxford Street, during 1908 and 1909; as the Regent Bust Co., of 83, Regent Street in 1909; as the French Model Co., of 61, Tottenham Court Road in 1909. I ceased to insert advertisements for prisoner in August, 1910. He then owed my firm  565, his first bill being dishonoured on September 2, 1910 the bills were usually at three months. On December 16, 1910, I attended a meeting of prisoner's creditors where prisoner produced a statement of assets and liabilities showing a deficiency of  2,065 5s. 2d. Among the liabilities was  671 "Customers moneys received for goods which have not been supplied." None of the  565 due to my firm has been paid. Cross-examined. The meeting of creditors was very friendly towards prisoner, was satisfied that prisoner intended to clear off the arrears of orders for which he had received cash (though I doubted whether he would be able to do so) and arranged that he should have am opportunity of retrieving his business, on condition that he gave up all his offices except one and took cheaper premises. A resolution was carried that the meeting be adjourned for six months, a committee being appointed with power to summon a meeting of creditors, prisoner undertaking not to draw more than  3 a week and to vacate all his present expensive premises, Mr. Morgan to be asked to supply busts at cost. It was the general impression that he was an honest man who had met with misfortune owing to competition. HERBERT OWEN, advertisement manager of "Fashions For All." I inserted advertisements from May, 1908, to December, 1910, for prisoner under the name of the Ideal Dress Form Co., of 65a, Oxford Street, the Paris Model Co., of 83, Wells Street, and David Fernie, 61, Tottenham Court Road. The advertisements were shopped on account of complaints received from readers that the goods ordered were not supplied. In January, 1911, prisoner saw me with reference to my letter of January 10, 1911. He made various excuses, stated that he had been in difficulty with his partner, that he was sending off the goods ordered and was doing his best. He called half a dozen times before and after that letter. We wrote a number of letters to him giving lists of persons who had complained. We received about eighty complaints. ARTHUR ROBERT BUCKLER, advertisement manager of "Welldon's Journal." I inserted advertisements for prisoner in the names of the Paris Model Co., 81, Wells Street, and 150, Oxford Street, the Ideal Dress Form Co., 65a, Oxford Street, the French Model Co., 61, Tottenham Court Road, the Continental Bust Co., 23, Margaret Street, and 59 and 61, New Oxford Street, and the Regent Bust Co., 83, Regent Street, up to October, 1910. We received a large number of letters of complaint and sent prisoner lists of names and addresses of those who had not received goods paid for. I gave prisoner a list of fifty or fifty-two who wrote complaining in January, 1911. Werefused to insert further advertisements. Detective-sergeant ERNEST HILL, C Division. During 1909 and 1910 I several times visited 83, Regent Street and 65a, Oxford Street. I had great difficulty in finding prisoner. On October 24 and 31 and November 21, 1910, he came to Vine Street in consequence of messages I left. I spoke to him with regard to a number of complaints I had received of non-delivery of goods ordered and paid for from the Regent Bust Company. He said the delay was caused by pressure of business; he would endeavour to get the orders out, and and spoke of his inability to obtain sufficient skilled labour to cope with the number of orders received. He said the Regent Bust Company had 200 orders outstanding, some of which dated back to July. He said he had practically ceased, advertising and he hoped to have everything shipshape before the new year. On November 30 I saw him with regard to complaints of the Regent Bust Company and the Ideal Dress Form Company. He put forward the same excuse, he said each of those companies had about 300 orders unexecuted. On December 8 he said he had closed down his factory at Shaftesbury Street and was making some arrangement with Barker; he would see me on December 13 to let me know the result. I next saw him at the police court. Detective-inspector EDWARD BARRETT, New Scotland Yard. During 1911 I received a great number of complaints with regard to the Ideal Dress Form Company, the Regent Bust Company, the Premier Bust Company, and David Fernie. I made several attempts to see prisoner at 150, Oxford Street, where the names of the five companies were painted up on a top back floor room. On January 19, 1911, I saw prisoner. I said, "I have called on behalf of a Miss Wilkins, who has paid 9s. 6d. for a model which she has not received." Prisoner found the original order. He said, "About seven of my books were stolen at 65a, New Oxford Street, so the measurements and addresses are lost. I have bought out all the other members of the company, costing me  200. I am now executing the old orders of the Ideal Dress Form Company and others. At present I am in difficulties, but I am trying my best." On April 5, 1911, I saw him by appointment and said, "I am instructed to supply you with the names and addresses of complainants," and handed him a list of 250 names and addresses from all parts of the kingdom and some from the colonies, all in the year 1910. I gave him further lists on May 25, June 14, 24, and 28, and July 10 of 273 further complainants. On January 29, 1912, at 1.15 p.m., I saw prisoner at 347, City Road. I said, "You know me, Mr. Hunt. I hold a warrant for your arrest." He said, "What are you prosecuting me?" I said, "The Warrant is issued at the instance of the Director of Public Prosecutions," and read it to him. He said, "Who do you say?" I said, "The offence of which you are arrested is in the name of Miss Amy Ellen Burlong, of Cedar House, Wimbledon, for obtaining 9s. 6d. on October 1 by false pretences." He Said, "Is that the only complaint?" I said, "There are a great number of other complaints, but for the purposes of the warrant Miss Burlong's case is the one mentioned." He said, "I have had a struggle do what you can for me." On the way to the court he said, "A man named Morgan is responsible for my position. He agreed to accept  700, I paid him about  200, and when he got the money he opened in opposition against me and cut the prices. I shall have to put up with the consequences. I do not mind for myself, it is my wife and children I am thinking about. I have no money and have overdrawn my account at the bank. I have just been joined by a Mr. Churchill, who has put  150 into the business. Of course, he knows nothing about the unexecuted orders for the Ideal Dress Company, the Premier Bust Company, the Regent Bust Company, and the others; he will be staggered. I hope he will bail me it looks like a long job." I found in him 5s. 1 1/2 d. cash, seven pawn tickets, a notice from the London Joint Stock Bank demanding the return of unused cheques and other letters. I took possession of the large number of books and documents at 347, City Road. OWEN WYATT WILLIAMS, 14, Ironmonger Lane, chartered accountant. I have examined prisoner's books. From October 1, 1910, to November 30, 1911,  694 19s. 6d. was received for orders; value of orders despatched  405 0s. 1d. From December 1, 1910, to November 30, 1911, prisoner received 1, 111 orders, of which 150 were not executed. The case for the prosecution being closed, The Common Serjeant said that the first set of counts as to the false pretence alleging that the prisoner had no real business were bad, as it was apparent that there was a real business carried on, though it might be speculative and sanguine; the counts as to incurring debt and liability by false pretences, there being no liability to pay back the money but only to send the article, also could not be supported. The jury by the direction of his Lordship returned a verdict of Not guilty. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Friday, May 3.) PAGE, Francis Henry (51, agent), GLENDINNING, William Henry (49, clerk), and MARSHALL, Frederick (49, manager), all feloniously demanding with menaces from Anna de Hamil de Manin  1,000 and certain valuable securities, to wit, four bills of exchange accepted by her, with intent to steal the same; Page and Glendinning stealing four Bills of Exchange for payment of  100 each, and a neck chain and pendant, the goods of Anna de Hamil de Manin; all conspiring together to defraud Anna de Hamil de Manin and unlawfully by false pretences causing and inducing her to accept four bills of exchange for  100 each, and to affix her name upon a certain paper in order that the same might be converted into and used as a valuable security, in each case with intent to defraud; feloniously by unlawful means compelling and inducing Anna de Hamil de Manin to accept four 'bills of exchange for  100 each and to affix her name to certain papers in order that the same might be converted into and used as valuable securities, in each case with intent to defraud. Mr. Travers Humphreys and Mr. E. Percival Clarke prosecuted; Mr. Muir and Mr. Walter Frampton defended Page; Mr. E.E. Wild defended Glendinning. Page and Glendinning were now tried, Marshall being too ill to be brought up. JOHN MARTIN, clerk, Central Office, Royal Courts of Justice, produced the pleadings and other documents in an action brought by the Countess de Hamil de Manin against Kimptons and F.H. Page. EDWARD MAYHILL, Commissioner for Oaths. Page and Glendinning each swore an affidavit before me on May 24, 1911, at 171, Strand. Cross-examined by Mr. Muir. John Hamilton Dobbie did not swear an affidavit before me on May 26, 1911. Cross-examined by Mr. Wild. Kimptons are just ordinary offices. There was nothing extraordinary about them. Countess ANNA DE HAMIL DE MANIN., 35, Circus Road, St. John's Wood. I know John Hamilton Dobbie. I met him on board ship coming from New Zealand to Australia 12 or 13 years ago. I also knew at that time Daniel O'Connor, a man of considerable position in Australia. He and Dobbie were acquainted with each other. I did not see much of Dobbie after meeting him in 1899. I saw a good deal of O'Connor in Australia. I next saw him in London; he came from San Francisco the year the fire took place there. I me; O'Connor in 1907 in my own house. I met Dobbie in 1907. Mr. Dobbie was not then married. Mrs. Williams is a step-daughter of Lady Pink. Lady Pink asked me to invite Dobbie down to the house when I was saying at Lady Pink's. As a result of that introduction Mrs. Williams went out to Australia to marry him. They became engaged on the evening of the day they were introduced. I received a wedding card. About that time I wrote letters to Lady Pink, Harold Pink, and Mrs. Williams. I never wrote anonymous letters in my life. I first knew of O'Connor writing anonymous letters in May or June, 1907, when Dobbie brought them to me and left them for me to read. I recognised them as O'Connor's. Dobbie also had a letter of O'Connor's and knew he had written them. As, Dobbie was sailing for Australia he sent a man up for them. I next saw Dobbie on April 2 last, that was when I got on the P. and O. steamer Persia at Port Said. His wife was on board with him. We were all quite friendly. They left the ship at Marseilles; I came on to London, arriving on April 22. That was the date he gave those letters to prisoners. I did not see O'Connor until 'May 6, when he sent to tell me what prisoners were doing against me. He telephoned first and celled in the afternoon. My daughter, Mrs. Petre, was there all the time. On May 8 I received a letter from O'Connor. I showed it to my daughter. Up to that time since leaving him at Marseilles I had not seen or heard from him. In the afternoon of May 8 Mr. Freeman Lloyd called. The name of Pain was sent up with a business card, "Kimptons, Adelphi House, 71-2, Strand, W.C" After sending out twice to him he said he had to see me on most urgent business. Then he sent that card. I saw him. He said he had come from Mr. Dobbie asking if I could give information about Mr. O'Connor and if I Would tell him what I knew about the anonymous letters which he had written. He said a warrant was out for O'Connor's arrest in regard to the libellous letters. He said no harm would come to me; he did not want to injure me. Something was said about, letters I had written, which they had. I said I had only written letters in a friendly way and all my letters were signed. He said I had written anonymous letters and it Was a very easy matter getting them back if I would sign a letter of apology. I said, "I do not know how to write a letter of apology; I have never done such a thing." He said, "I will dictate it to you." He dictated every word. I asked him for the letters. He said he had not them with him, but they would be handed to me by the firm. I did not know O'Connor had written anonymous letters. I was not by him when he wrote them. I received a letter from him on May 8. I showed that to Freeman Lloyd. He read it through and handed it back. He had some whisky, looked all round and at my pictures; he asked if he might photograph one. I thought it a most extraordinary thing to do. Next day he sent a man named Page, who sent up a card similar to the one sent up the day before. The interview was virtually the same thing over again as with Freeman Lloyd. He also said the warrant was out and O'Connor would be arrested. He asked me to show him O'Connor's letter. He read it and said, "Might I take it to my firm and to show to my solicitor?" I asked him for the letters. He said he could not bring them; I would have to see his solicitor. Would I mind going down next day to see his solicitor? He took O'Connor's letter with him. I saw that letter again with eight letters Marshall brought in under his arm on the 11th. I could not swear they were burnt. I only saw a little smoke. Until the 11th not a word was mentioned about my having to pay money. I went alone to 171, Strand, on May 10. I went up in the lift. I saw Giendinning. He said he was a partner in the firm. I said, "I have come for the letters." He said he could not give them to me, that his solicitor had received them and would I mind meeting his solicitor to-morrow and he would make an appointment on the "phone. He said, "We know you have  12, 000 a year. You are a rich woman." That is all that was said with regard to money. Nothing more was said about the anonymous letters. He said, "You will not like to be shown up and your name to go in the newspapers. You have your position to keep up as the mother of a family." An appointment was made by telephone for the next day at 3 o'clock. I drove there in my car, and quite by accident I took my daughter for the drive. She remained in the car while I went upstairs. I was shown first into another room. It was a glasshouse, glass walls all round and doors without handles and springs. Glendinning was alone and he conducted me through another room into a room which he said was a board room with a large table covered with green baize. There were a few chairs. Before anyone else came in he said, "This is an awkward matter for you." I said I did not understand it at all. Page next came in. He took the armchair at the end of the table with his back to the door. They said their solicitor, Mr. Marshall, was coming. Then Marshall came in with a bundle of letters under his arm. Glendinning and Marshall sat opposite each other. Page and I occupied the other two sides of the table. When Marshall sat down he put the letters on the table and said, "Countess, this is a very awkward thing for you." I said, "I do not understand you." He told me I had written the anonymous letters which he had there. I said I had not. I told him it was O'Connor who wrote them. Then we spoke about the letter O'Connor had written to me. I said, "If you do not believe me you had better send for my daughter; she is down in the car; she was present when Mr. O'Connor called." Glendinning fetched her. She sat next to me. She asked Page why he had given all that champagne, two bottles to O'Connor, and he said, "It is a convenient method of loosening people's tongues to get to know what you want. As to the authorship of the anonymous letters she said O'Connor had told her he only had written them and that I had nothing whatsoever to do with them. They asked her several questions, if it was true what I had said about being badly shipwrecked and losing my jewels. She said it was quite true. Glendinning had said to me, "You must have valuable jewels and you must have scrip." I explained that my memory had been rather affected by the shipwreck; I lost my memory entirely; I was a great sufferer for six months. Not a word was mentioned about money before my daughter came. They got her out of the place before anything was mentioned. Glendinning took her into another room. He asked her to go out. He came back again. Then they told me I had written these letters. I told them I had not. They said, "You will have to pay  1,000." They virtually all said it at different times, and said I should be arrested if I did not pay it. I should be taken to Bow-street that night and I should sleep there and be brought up there next morning. They said, "You are a rich woman, you have  12, 000 a year and can well afford to pay it." I said, "I have done nothing and I did not write the letters." I told them I could not pay it. They wanted to know how much I had in my bank. I think it was Page who asked that. I said  5. I did not know how much I had in my bank. Then Marshall suggested that Glendinning should go with me to my bank and arrange for an overdraft of  1,000. I said I should do nothing of the sort and would not go with them. Then Page suggested  500. Marshall said, "Yes," and left the room saying," I will go and consult headquarters." He returned in a few minutes. He seemed as though he had been running and was out of breath. He said, "It is arranged for  500." Page turned round and said, "No, it is  400." Then Marshall said, "Let it be  400." Marshall said, "You must give bills." Page suggested  400 before Marshall went out. I said, "I do not understand bills." Page went into a sort of ante-room and brought in five bills. He spoilt one, and Glendinning got out of his chair and said he would do that business. I did not examine them. When I signed these names were not on them. They told me again if I did not do it they would get a warrant and I should be taken to Bow Street that night and I should sleep there and be brought up again next morning. I was in an awful state. I did not know what I was doing. It made me nearly mad. It absolutely brought tears to my eyes. Glendinning asked me to have champagne. I refused. Then he said would I have a cup of tea. I had the tea. They took some in to my daughter and she refused it. I was very sorry I did take the tea. I felt very bad indeed after it. I gave my little dog that I had in my lap some of the milk, and she went to sleep for five hours, a thing she had never done before. I had the tea before I signed the bills. I have no recollection of signing anything else, but I must have done because I saw the documents in the trial. They are Exhibits 16 and 17. That afternoon I was wearing a long gold chain with pearls all the way round. I always carry a large bag, but on that occasion I left it under the cushion in the car. I was wearing other jewellery, which I told them was sham because they told me they must have some more money beyond the  400. Marshall said, "Let her have it; you have enough." Glendinning then said, "We want  75 for counsel's fees." One piece of jewellery was imitation, the other was all real. I signed the bills with my gloves on. Glendinning told me to take them off. He did not say why. 1 was wearing rings. The impressions of the rings could be seen through the gloves. Page and Lloyd saw the rings when they called. Lloyd said, "What lovely rings you have." They gave me a receipt for the jewellery they took. I think Glendinning signed it. Marshall had O'Connor's letters and mine. Page told him to hand them to me. I just looked through them. There were only eight, including a friendly letter I wrote to Mrs. Dobbie on the ship. O'Connor's letter to me of May 8, three of O'Connor's letters and three friendly letters I had written to Lady Pink and Harold Pink. Glendinning said, "Page will burn them for you." He took them to the fireplace. There was no fire. I did not destroy those letters. I had only torn two just across one page. He put those letters as far as I could see it was very difficult for me to see on the ashpan, an old-fashioned grate. I saw some smoke. Whether they were all consumed I cannot tell. Then Glendinning said, "It is over; it is all done." I said, "What is going to be done to O'Connor, who wrote the letters?" He said, "Nothing; he goes free." I do not know whether my daughter was in the outer room or another room or gone down to the motor then. At that time I was meditating changing my solicitor. It is absolutely false that I was asked to bring my solicitor with me. In introducing Marshall they said he was the best solicitor in London. Marshall said he would like to come to my house and look through my papers, or I could go down to his place and he would give he the first interview free. I then said, 'What is your name?" He said, "Marshall." I said, "What Christian name?" He said, "Fred." I wrote it down. I said, "What are you?" He said, "Solicitor." I bought the chain and pendant second-hand in Algeria for  65. I gave it to Glendinning or Page because he said I must take it off my neck and give it to him. I was so terrified. I felt as if I could have signed and done anything. When I went down to the car I was sobbing. My daughter was in the car. My bag was under the cushion. The interview lasted about three hours. I heard no more of these bills or these people until I received a letter from the London Banking Corporation. I then saw Mr. Percy Becher. He acted for me in the action which the bank brought against me and the one I brought against these people. I claimed these bills back on the ground that they had been obtained by fraud and duress. I gave evidence in that action. Defendants were in court during the trial. I did not see them until the end of the trial. Neither was called as a witness. Judgment was entered for me. The statements in Page's affidavit are absolutely false. To Mr. Wild. I have written nothing of which I am ashamed. I had nothing to do with the anonymous letters. O'Connor was prepared to support me in my denial. I was not very much attached to Mr. Dobbie. I do not know where he is at all. He pressed me to marry him several times. I did not care about Mr. Dobbie's engagement to Mrs. Williams one way or the other. He was only an acquaintance. I did not know that Mrs. Williams purchased her trousseau, or that the marriage would have taken place forthwith but for the letters. All I knew was hearsay. I had only been introduced to Mrs. Williams the day before. I would not have married Dobbie on any occasion. The anonymous letters, I think, were written about June. My friendly letters to the Pink family were written later. I was not in the habit of writing to Lady Pink or Harold Pink. In my action against Kimptons, or the bank against me, I believe, I swore an affidavit as to what documents I had got. The letters of which I gave copies to Sir Charles Mathews were in store. I had not found them. I did not omit them from the affidavit. They were out of my memory. They contained nothing bad about Mr. Dobbie. My memory is very bad. I do not remember whether I wrote to the fiancee of Mr. Dobbie. I cannot remember anything I said in those letters. Mr. O'Connor's evidence before an Examiner in view of my action was not on my behalf but on his own. He would have been a party to the action if he were here. I do not remember O'Connor telling me he had instructed Poole and Robinson to deny his authorship of these letters. His reason was that he was leaving for Australia on important business and did not want to be kept here for the trial. Poole and Robinson were my solicitors. I did not send O'Connor to them. Poole told me O'Connor had told that falsehood in order to escape. Mr. Poole did not appear annoyed at that but because he had not got his fee. Dobbie did not depart to Australia owing to having discovered the authorship of the letters. He knew perfectly well and had written to me about it. I wrote some months afterwards that Dobbie had gone to Australia. Mrs. Williams went out to marry him and not to ascertain if what the slanderers had been saying was true. I heard indirectly that the engagement was broken off. She married him the day she arrived. The wedding-card she sent me is in Court. I see by the card handed me the marriage took place twelve months afterwards. I did nothing to stop it. I do not believe anything unless I can see it with my eyes. I believe I can be locked up at Bow Street for nothing. I know nothing about Mr. and Mrs. Dobbie's movements between 1907 and 1911 when I met them on the ship. I did not know he was anxious to ascertain the authorship of the anonymous letters. On the contrary. I said to him, "Have you done anything with those anonymous letters?" He said, "No, they are too old; it is too long since; let them die." I do not care what he has sworn. He knew the author, and told me all about it. He brought the anonymous letters to me with the letter of denial of O'Connor's. O'Connor owned it. I did not pay O'Connor's passage to Australia. I did not know he was penniless. Freeman Lloyd did not say that Dobbie had instructed. Kimptons. I had never heard of Kimptons. I was not frightened at that interview. O'Connor was only a friend. I wrote the letter of apology because Freeman Lloyd said it was an easy way of getting the letters back and I thought I could return them and perhaps renew the friendship between the two men. I had nothing to apologise for. I wanted to aid O'Connor. Glendinning asked me questions about O'Connor. I did not say he was a blackguard. I did not say I had rigged him out as he was destitute, or that he had bought clothes and sent the bill on to me, or that he had robbed a lady of  300, or that I had refused to see him alone. I regard Dobbie as a blackmailer now. Glendinning said nothing about not being able to deal with the matter in the absence of Page. He said he must see their solicitor. 1 never suggested paying for the letters and I was never asked to buy them. Glendinning never suggested my solicitor should be present. I did not say I did not wish my solicitor to know I had written such letter. He did not then say, "If you won't bring your solicitor you must bring a member of your family." On May 11 Marshall and Page did not come in together. Page came in afterwards, and afterwards Marshall came in with the letters under his arm. The place struck me as peculiar. It had wavy sort of glass all round. I do not mean mirrors. The walls consisted of glass. I did not say it was suspicious. I could not open the door. I was very surprised at their saying I had  12, 000 a year and was a rich woman. I do not know why I did not walk out. I went for the letters, certainly. The appointment was to go and get them. Nothing was mentioned about money until after Mrs. Petre came up. They asked her about my means. I never thought of walking out then; I wish I had. I did not regard it as insulting. I did not like it. I never suggested I was locked up or restrained. I was not anxious to settle the civil liability for those letters for myself and O'Connor, or bargaining as to the sum to be paid for that purpose. I did not explain that my income had been reduced in consequence of my son having gambled away a 'partnership. It is a perversion of the truth. I never had a on in Switzerland to support. I only spoke of one son. I did not say I had children to support at Circus Road. I told them I had to support some grandchildren. I said I should be receiving  1,400 in May. It is untrue that I tore the letters one by one into fragments. There were not twenty-two but eight only. I believe the anonymous letters were written one afternoon in 1907. I could not swear it. They were written at the other end of the room at my? daughter-in-law's house. I drove O'Connor there to a tea party by invitation. He asked her for notepaper. She told him the ink was at the end of the room. I did not write the letters and never even saw them. I was affected by the drugged milk. I asked for a receipt for the collateral security. I was awake. It made me feel very bad. I was sufficiently mistress of myself to say my jewellery was sham when it was not. (Monday, May 6.) To Mr. Muir. I believe Bobbie's engagement with Mrs. Williams was broken off, but not on account of the anonymous letters. I was told that by Mrs. Scott Dawson. Dobbie did not tell me then, but a long time afterwards. He asked me to marry him after his engagement to Mrs. Williams. When he arrived in Australia he wrote asking me to go out and take my maid and my horses and dogs with me, and said he would take me to church and marry me quickly before anybody else had a chance to. I wish I had the letter. Many people have seen it. He also offered to marry me before his engagement to Mrs. Williams. He did not offer me marriage after the engagement was broken off. I swore before the magistrate. "His engagement with Mrs. Williams was broken off, and then he came to me again and asked me to settle  500 a year on him and marry him.' He pressed me so many times to marry him, perhaps I do not remember. When he brought the anonymous letters he again repeated his vows. It was Dobbie who first told me O'Connor had written the anonymous letters. O'Connor told me he had written letters; he did not say anonymous he might have told me about ten days after they were posted. He did not tell me where he had written them. He told me to whom they were written. Dobbie first told me where they were written. It was not from Dobbie I learned that they were written in my son's flat while I was there. It was from O'Connor. The first time I heard it was when Dobbie brought those letters to me. I did not know the letters were written to Lady Pink, her son and Mrs. Williams, only I was told. I did not know they were anonymous until I saw them. I did not show them to O'Connor, because I declined to speak to O'Connor after that. At the May 11 interview Glendinning took the tea from somebody; I did not see who it was. I did not notice by the china and things that it had come from a shop. Up to that time I had not signed any documents, and no threat had been made. The sum was reduced to  400 after the tea. I was asked after that what money I had in the bank. I said  5. As a matter of fact I had  3,000, but I did not know it. It was after that that they proposed bills. No threat was made while my daughter was in the room. The bills were accepted across the face of them after I had been drugged. I was perfectly well able to write my name. I wrote with my gloves on. I could not say if Exhibits 16 and 17 are signed by me. I have a doubt. I have no recollection of signing them. Exhibit 19 has 'Fred "and "solicitor "in my writing. That was the last thing I wrote before I left the room. When I made my affidavit of May 27 I did not remember having signed the two letters referred to in Page's affidavit. Re-examined. It was about a week after some of the letters were written by O'Connor in my presence that I saw Dobbie. It is five years ago now. Dobbie left three of them with me for a week. He knew the writer and told me he knew. He also produced a letter of O'Connor's and compared it. The letters were not addressed to Dobbie. They were to Harold Pink, Lady Pink and Mrs. Williams. I received a letter from Dobbie just before he left for Australia, dated July 23, 1907. It mentions one of the anonymous letters. He did not at that time suggest that I had anything to do with them. So far as I know he has never suggested I had. MADELINE PETER. I am a daughter of the last witness. I was present at my mother's house when O'Connor called on May 6 last year. Two days afterwards my mother showed me a letter she had received from. O'Connor. On May 11 I accompanied my mother to Kimptons. I did not know she was going there when we left home. I merely went in the car to have a blow. I remained in the car till Glendinning came and said would I go up to my mother. He did not say why. When I went up my mother, Marshall and Page were in the room. Glendinning showed me in and remained. They questioned me about what was said by O'Connor when he came to my mother's house that time, particularly about them. I told them. I was not asked questions in that room about other subjects. I asked why they gave O'Connor champagne. Page said it was to loosen his tongue to obtain information they desired. After that I was shown to another room by Glendinning. I was left alone for a time, but they kept on visiting me, all three of them, and talked on ordinary subjects. Page asked me if my mother had been shipwrecked. On another visit he asked if she was excitable. I said, "No, why?" He said, "Well, she is very excited now." I was in that room roughly two hours. Marshall showed me down to the car. About a quarter of an hour afterwards my mother came down. She was very frightened, very much upset, nearly collapsed. She had a bag when she left home. She left that under the cushion in the car when she went into the office. She was there about three hours. To Mr. Muir. The bag was hidden. It was not taken out till we reached home. Before she went into Kimptons she said, "I will leave my bag. "It was her habit. Page asked whether my mother had been shipwrecked. He did not mention jewellery. He asked what she lost. I said everything went down with the ship. Nothing was said about jewellery while I was with my mother and them. My mother did not tell me what her business was with Kimptons. I first heard that letters had been written by O'Connor after I left Kimptons that day. JOSEPH ERNEST STEEL, clerk to Mr. H. Becher, solicitor, 26, Bedford Row. The countess first consulted Mr. Becher on May 19, 1911. Next day she swore an affidavit for the purpose of obtaining an interim injuncotion to restrain Kimptons from parting with the bills and jewellery. I did not put in the affidavit everything I knew about the case; I put in what I considered sufficient to get the injunction. We continued to represent the countess until judgment. Kimptons were represented by Mr. Fuller. Marshall attended as Fuller's representative. Close upon the trial there was a change of solicitors from Fuller to Sherrard Stephens and Co. There was another action by the bank against all the parties to the bills. They were not consolidated. The judge directed that they should be heard at the same time. No defence was offered in court to the countess's claim. I was in court all the while. Page and Glendinning were in court. They were represented by counsel. Marshall came in during the course of the day. late in the proceedings. Prisoners were there practically the whole of the time. To Mr. Wild. There was no order for consolidation. In the first action the bank were plaintiffs: the Countess, Page, Kimpton, and Glendinning were defendants. There had been only one bill discounted. The countess has parted with no money at all in respect of the bills. There was an interlocutory injunction restraining parting with the pendant. The pendant is in the hands of the police. The next case was the Countess v. Kimpton and Page. Kimpton was not a party. Mr. Justice Darling decided to hear the two actions in one. I knew of the letter of apology before the countess swore her affidavit of May 20. I did not know it had been destroyed. I did not believe it had been destroyed. I had information from the countess as to what she had written. It is not an awkward letter to get over if properly read punctuated properly where the word "also" comes. I think the affidavit was fair. I had to satisfy the Court that there was material for an injunction and I suggest I have done. ALFRED JOHN HOGG, assistant to Mr. George, pawnbroker, 402, Strand. I know Page and Glendinning as being at Kimptons. They came to my shop on May 11. Page produced a chain and pendant for an advance. They finally had  12. I offered  17. Exhibit 8; is the contract note. On the 13th they came back for a further advance of  5. Exhibit 9 is the fresh contract. To Mr. Muir. Glendinning has deposited, with me before to the extent of  50. That has been redeemed. I suppose their idea in taking  12 was to keep down the interest. GEORGE BROWN, accountant, Australian Bank of Commerce 2, King William Street, E.C.J.H. Dobbie is a customer of our bank in Sydney. Three bills of his were received on May 13 for collection. He would have the money if they were paid. To Mr. Wild. If the bills had been met Mrs. Dobbie would have had the money. Detective-sergeant ALBERT BURTON, New Scotland Yard. On December 2 I saw Glendinning at Hornchurch Road, Romford. I told him who I was. He said, "Do you want me?" I replied, "Yes, you will have to accompany me to Romford Police Station to see Chief Detective Bower of Scotland Yard, who holds a warrant for your arrest." He said, "I have been expecting this, but I did not think it would be before Tuesday; upon whose authority was the warrant granted, Mr. Justice Darling or the Public Prosecutor?" I said, "The Public Prosecutor applied for the warrant." He said, "Sir Charles Mathews has not lost much time, has he?" At Romford Police Station Chief Inspector Bower read the warrant to him and he said, "I did not expect it so soon; I should not have run away; I always stand and face my difficulties; I have lived here 12 years. You know you have not cautioned me that what I say will be used in evidence against me. "I searched him and found upon him a contract note for the gold and pearl chain pledged with George on May 13. I also found a receipt dated December 2, 1911, for  17 handed to Ernest A. Fuller by Page and Glendinning for safe keeping. Page and Glendinning were subsequently brought up at Bow Street Glendinning said, "Dobbie had the bills and, as far as I know, they are at the Australian Bank in London." Page said, "Yes, I believe that is so." When Page was asked his name he said, "Francis Henry Page; I am Kimpton" or Kimptons. Glendinning said, "I am the manager." After they were charged Glendinning read the charge aloud and said to Page, "It is a very light charge." Page replied, "Yes," and addressing me said, "It is quite true, we did do what is alleged in the charge, but when we did it we thought it was quite legal." Glendinning then said to Page, "They have not charged us with the gold chain," and addressing me he said, "You have the contract note for it, also the receipt for the  17 to redeem it, which we have handed to our solicitor. It was only put away for safe keeping." Page said, "I should like the police to take possession of it." The receipt is dated December 2. That was the date of arrest. I went with Inspector Bower to 71, Strand. I think there were seven or eight offices on the first floor. As you enter a sort of office you go along a passage and there is a swing gate with a catch on. As you go inside it swings back and it cannot be opened until a latch is loosened from inside the office. Then there are doorways that lead into various offices, which are partitioned off by wooden partitions and darkened glass screens at the top ordinary glass. I have seen prisoners' writing. I should say the letter of May 11 is in Page's writing. I should say the body of the bills of exchange handed to me is Glendinning's writing, also the endorsement. The signature "F.H. Page" is Page's. EDWARD JAMES BAND, secretary, London Banking Corporation, Limited (in liquidation). I see by the books that my bank while it was doing business discounted a bill for Glendinning on May 17 for  100. I have no personal knowledge of it. It was accepted by the Countess de Hamil de Manin. The cheque drawn by the bank was paid in to Glendinning's account on May 17. On the same day he drew a cheque to self for  60, and on the 18th there is a cheque payable to F. Marshall for  15. Marshall did not pay it into his account. (Tuesday, May 7.) Verdict (both prisoners), Guilty. A previous conviction on May 9, 1906, for obtaining money by false pretences (sentence two months in the second division) was proved against Page. On behalf of Glendinning a witness to character was called. It was stated that prior to Page's connection with Kimptons, which started 12 months ago, he had been honestly employed. Sentence (each prisoner): Twelve months' hard labour; to date from January 9 last. The trial of Marshall was further postponed. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Saturday, May 4.) KNIGHT, Charles (56, dealer), and THOROGOOD, William (28, flower seller), stealing one mare, one van, and one set of harness, the goods of Henry May and another and 17 carpets and other articles, the goods of the Oriental Carpet Manufacturers, Limited, fend feloniously receiving the same. Mr. Curtis Bennett and Mr. Briggs prosecuted; Mr. Turrell defended Knight. ALBERT NICHOLLS, carman in the employ of Messrs. H.G. May. My employers act as carmen for the Oriental Carpet Manufacturers, Limited. About 1 p.m. on January 10 I went with a horse and van to their premises, 4a, Newgate Street. The horse was worth about  15, the van about  27, and the harness  9. I collected 23 bundles of carpets and went to Cecil Chambers, Strand, the first place I had to call at. I delivered one bundle; I was inside about three minutes. When I came out the horse and van had gone. This was about 3.10 p.m. I next saw them at my employers' yard at about 9 p.m.; the van was empty. (To the Court,) I had no van boy with me. JAMES REGAN, despatch porter, Oriental Carpet Manufacturers, Limited. On January 10 1 loaded a van driven by the last witness, and Exhibit 2 (produced) is a list of the goods. Each carpet had a label upon it similar to this (Exhibit 4); it bears our trade mark, a description of the carpet, and the code prices. This is the sort of label (Exhibit 6) that was attached to the rugs. Police-constable ARTHUR LOMAN, 124 J. About 5.30 p.m. on January 10 I was on duty in Whiteman Avenue, Dalston, when I saw a horse and van unattended. It was empty and bore the address "H. and G. May, 22 and 23, Eagle Street, Holborn" I conveyed it to Dalston Police Station and it was subsequently given to Messrs. May. WILLIAM ALFRED TUTT, Carman with G.H. Williams, fruiterer, 7, Lavender Hill. About the middle of January Knight asked me in Covent Garden Market to lend him a coachhouse to store some furniture in; he said he was a furniture dealer and bought stuff at auction rooms. I said I would and told him I would leave it to him to pay me what he thought it was worth. About a week after he said, "I shall be down to-night and there will be a van-load of carpets coming down." I said, "I shall be there. Don't make it too late, as it is my evening off "; to the best of my recollection this was on Monday; I suppose it would be towards the end of January; I am not certain of dates. About 7 p.m. two men (the prisoners were not there that night) came with a van and I helped to unload about 17 or 18 bundles of carpets and put them into my governor's disused coach house at Cedar Road right at the far end. (To the Court.) I helped to put some straw and some baskets along the side to keep the damp from them and covered them with a piece of canvas. It is true that anybody coming into the stable would not see the carpets. On a Saturday afternoon a month or five weeks after these carpets came to the stable Knight came and asked me if the coach house was open. I got the key and let him in. He started wrapping up two carpets in canvas; I helped him. He said he was going to send them on the rail. He tore off some green labels and put them in his pocket. He was with another man at the time. The first time I ever saw Thorogood was on the evening of February 23, when he, Knight, and myself were in the stable. I was helping them to sew up some carpets, and we had been there about half an hour when the police came. The prisoners were taken to Bow Street. At the officers' request I followed with the carpets. I did not tell my employer that I was letting his stable in this way, and as far as I know he did not know of it; I very often let his stable without his knowledge and I give him the money afterwards. Cross-examined by Mr. Turrell. To my knowledge Knight only came to the stable on the Saturday that I have referred to (it might be January 22) and February 23. Re-examined. I think some old plum baskets were thrown on the carpets at different times; people go in and want a basket and they pull one out; they do not take any notice where they leave them. Knight was not there when this was done. To the Court. To the best of my belief, I saw Knight in Covent Garden a week or 10 days before the carpets actually came. He did not then tell me when they were likely to arrive. I never knew the carpets were stolen until the police came. The carpets did not arrive on January 10; it was not a Wednesday; I am positive it was a Monday, as it was my evening off. Police-sergeant GEORGE BUDGE, E Division. About 7.15 p.m. on February 23 I went with Detective Phillips to a coach house in Cedar Road, Lavender Hill, and saw the prisoners and Tutt wrapping up this carpet (produced) in the sacking (produced.) I said, "We are police officers and suspect you of having stolen property in your possession." Knight said, "All right guv'nor. Someone has been busy." Tutt said, "I allowed them to bring the carpets here. My guv'nor does not know." Knight said, "I take the responsibility." I did not hear Thorogood say anything. We took prisoners into custody and left the coach house. In Queen's Road we met Sergeant Cole. We then all returned to the coach house. There Sergeant Cole said to them, "You will be charged concerned together in stealing a horse and van with 17 Oriental carpets at the Strand on January 10 last. Tutt said, "I allowed them to bring the carpets here." Knight said to Tutt, "Shut your mouth. I take the responsibility." They were taken to the station. When charged they said, "Yes." To Mr. Turrell. I am sure that what Knight said was not "We are busy." JAMES BAKER, director, Oriental Carpet Manufacturers, Limited. On January 10 I dispatched by one of the vans of Messrs. May a number of carpets for delivery to our customers; Exhibit 2 is a list of them; it does not include the carpet left at Cecil Chambers; the total value is  703 16s. 10d. It is our custom to attach these green labels to our carpets and these smaller ones to the rugs. On the evening of February 23 I went with the police to a stable in Cedar Road, where I saw prisoners baling up this carpet (Exhibit 1); I recognise it as belonging to my company; its wholesale price is  175. I asked whether there were any more in the stable and they said I evidently knew a good bit about it. There were some baskets piled up to the ceiling, and under them I discovered practically all the carpets but one. I saw this label (Exhibit 3), found in Knight's pocket book; it has upon it the exact dimensions of Exhibit 1 and underneath that is " 53 "; it is not one of our labels. Thorogood started to say something, but Knight said to him, "Shut up." We found four or five of these labels. (Exhibits 4 and 6.) To Mr. Turrell. I suppose there was nothing extraordinary in these baskets being in this coach house. Detective-sergeant GEORGE COLE, E Division. At 7.30 p.m. on February 23 I went to Lavender Hill, where I saw the prisoners being detained by Sergeant Budge and Detective Phillips. I went with them to the coach house at 4, Cedar Mews. I was in charge of the case, and questioned the prisoners. I found Exhibit 3 on Knight. After being charged I searched him again and found this bundle of white labels (Exhibit 5.) Four of them are addressed to "The Jersey Pawnbroking Company, Church Street, Jersey "; he gave no explanation as to them. I found these 10 white labels (Exhibit 7), which are similar to Exhibit 5 attached to the carpets; they are unaddressed, but some of them bear the size of the carpet to which it was attached; in my opinion the writing on those and Exhibit 3 is Knight's; I have seen him write once. He never gave an explanation of how he became possessed of the carpets. To Mr. Turrell. The Jersey Pawnbroking Company is carried on by a Mr. Shaw. Detective ALBERT PHILLIPS, E Division. On February 23 I went with Sergeant Budge to Cedars Road. I arrested Thorogood. All he said was, "All right, guv'nor, you need not hold me." I took him to the station. The case for the prosecution being closed, the Recorder stated that, in his opinion,there was no case made out against Thorogood. Mr. Briggs agreed. (Defence.) CHARLES KNIGHT (prisoner, on oath), 9, Beauchamp Street, Leather Lane. I am a furniture dealer and commission agent. Till two years ago I had a shop in Beauchamp Street; since then I have attended auction sales. I became acquainted in that way with Levy. I have known him eight to ten years. (To the Court.) I have been in the furniture line about 40 years, and am well acquainted with the buying and selling of goods, including carpets. I did not know where he lived; I was given to understand that it was at Walthamstow; they called him "Walthamstow Levy." I have met him several times in the sale rooms. At some time in January I was with a Mr. Connell when I met him at the sale rooms at 13, High Holborn. We all went to Mooney's public-house; as near as I can say that was about January 18. Connell and I are interested in a patent tyre and we started talking about that. Levy then asked me whether I had any storage. I told him I had not, as I was out of business. He told me he had bought a job line of carpets in the City privately and that he wanted them stored. I told him I might be able to find a place for him and if he would call round at my place in a day or two I would let him know; I gave him my address. Nothing was then said about what I was to get out of it. On the following Saturday, January 20, I saw Tutt in Covent Garden and asked him whether his guv'nor had any storage. He said he had only the coachhouse, Where they kept the empty baskets. I told him that a friend of mine wanted to store some carpets and he said, "I could manage that little job for you on my own account, unknown to my guv'nor; it will be a little bit in my pocket." What Levy was to pay was left open. On the Saturday Levy called at my place and I told him I had found a place for him, but it was a long way away, at Lavender Hill. He said he did not mind how far it was as long as it was dry. He did not ask me how much he had to pay. I never saw the carpets before they went to Lavender Hill. I have been out on bail a week and have made every effort to find Levy, bat have been unable to do so. I arranged with Tutt that the goods should be removed there at 6.30 p.m. on the Monday following this Saturday; I did not go with them; I gave Levy the address. Subsequently he asked me to go over with him to the stable to assist him in taking the old labels off and putting fresh ones on. He told me if I could dispose of any of them he would give me 15 per cent. I accordingly went with him and saw the carpets on January 27. I had by that time seen Mr. Shaw of the Jersey Pawnbroking Company with regard to them; I had seen him in a sale room. I took the dimensions of the carpets. Tutt was present at the time. Levy and I arrived about 6 p.m.; it was fairly light; they had gas in the coachhouse. I pulled down the carpets, looked at the tickets and put the dimensions on labels, which I attached to the carpets. I do not remember writing " 53" on one of them (Exhibit 3); I will not swear I did not write it. I cannot say what it means; I just put that down as Levy told me to put it down. I agree the carpet would be cheap at that price. We returned to Holborn together. I have not seen Levy since that night. I was to let him know the size of carpet I wanted and he would let me know the price. I 'arranged with Shaw that I should send him over some carpets to Jersey and I addressed to him the labels which have been produced. I am in the habit of sending him things: I have known him for years. I get goods for him on commission. On February 23 I went down to pack the stuff and I was arrested. I remained in custody for two months and then I made an affidavit stating what I have stated here and applied to a Judge in chambers for bail. I had not mentioned Levy up to that time because I thought it was better to say nothing, for if I did. it might give him or somebody else an opportunity of making an escape. I said nothing at the police-court; I was not represented. (To the Court.) It is true I said, "Shut up" to Tutt and Thorogood: I was responsible for the goods. Cross-examined. I did not say I was going to sell the carpet for  53; I do not think it was put on the label as the price; I do not know why I put it on. I knew it was worth more than that. That carpet was going to Jersey when the police came; there were four carpets altogether baled up ready to go. Since April 16; when I made my affidavit, my solicitor has also been trying to find Levy. If I had sold the carpet I should have been bound to meet Levy in the sale rooms to give him the money. He knew my address. It is true I did not see him after January 27. I suppose he would know of my being arrested by the papers, but it is true, as I said, that I did not say anything about him because I did not want to give him an opportunity of escaping. Since I was admitted to bail I have not given the police any assistance in trying to find him; I went through Walthamstow myself. He is a Polish Jew, short and dark, and aged about 40 to 45. I only examined three or four of the carpets; I realised they were of considerable value. I did not ask Levy where he had got them from or how much he had paid for them; if I had, I do not expect he would have told me. I took the labels off on his instructions; I did not know whose they were. I have known Mr. Shaw about 14 years and I have been over to see him in Jersey a lot of times and I should think I dispose of  100 worth of goods a year through him in Jersey; I send it over and he gives me a commission. Re-examined. My solicitor was served with a notice of the addtional evidence of Mr. Shaw. tie has gone back to Jersey. The prosecution have not called him. JOHN MICHAEL CONNELL, steeplejack, 254, Holborn. In January I Was in the company of Knight, with whom I am interested in a patent tyre, when Levy joined us. Prisoner introduced me to him; this would be either January 15, 16, or 17; it was in High Holborn, near Hollingsworth's salerooms. We went to Mooney's close by. We then started talking about our patent tyre and Levy said he might be able to get someone to take some shares when we had formed the company we proposed. He said to Knight, "Do you happen to know of a storage anywhere? I have got some goods that I cannot store." Knight asked me what about the place I had at a corn chandler's in Theobald's Road. I said I had given up that storage and had taken a cellarage elsewhere. Levy said that would not do, as it was essential that it should be a dry place. Knight said if he came across anybody that had got a place he would let him know and he gave Levy his address, and Levy promised to call there and find out. Knight asked him for his address, but he said he did not think that was worth while. Cross-examined. I had never seen Levy before this. I have not seen him since. Dealers do not trouble about giving their addresses, as they can always be found in the salerooms. Levy mentioned, on Knight's asking, that it was carpets he wanted stored. Levy is a Jew, of about 40 to 50, short and dark. I have known Albert Mulford since 1904, but I have not seen bun for a number of years. I saw him last in 1905. It is a surprise to me to learn that he is now doing penal servitude. I have heard of Frederick Fane, but I do not know him. I knew Paul Delmont as a friend of Mulford's. I do not know Grizard, alias Kelly, John Kingston, Lorenzo Moore, Cameron, or Drummond. HENRY SAGAS. For some years I was a foreman porter at Hollingsworth's salerooms, Holborn; I am now a furniture dealer and live at 48, Florence Street, Islington. I have known Knight this last 30 years as attending different salerooms. I saw him with a man they call "Walthamstow Levy" on one occasion in Chancery Lane. Cross-examined. Levy is a man about 5 ft. 8 in., black moustache, sallow complexion, and aged between 40 and 50. I believe a man named Kingston comes to the sales. I do not know Grizard. JOSEPH KENDAL, porter, Hollingsworth's salerooms, 105, Caledonian Road, N. I have seen Knight at the salerooms. I have seen a man they call "Walthamstow Levy" with him several times. Verdict, Knight, Guilty of receiving; Thorogood ( by direction of his lordship), Not guilty. Knight was stated to be an associate of all the principal receivers in London, and for the past 20 years to have himself been a receiver. He had been twice charged with receiving, but on both occasions had been acquitted. He had been an agent for supplying explosives to burglars. Sentence: Five years' penal servitude. HARRISON, William Henry, otherwise Samuel James Charles Martin (26, clerk), feloniously causing grievous bodily harm to Nellie Boltwood with intent to do her some grievous bodily harm and with intent to commit felony; stealing a box, value  1 10s., and  3 10s., the goods and moneys of Una Ellis Hope, in a dwelling-house. Prisoner pleaded guilty to stealing the box only, and this plea was accepted by the prosecution. Prisoner by a ruse had obtained entrance to the house of prosecutrix Hope in her absence, and had hit Nellie Boltwood, the maid, on the head several times with a stick; owing to her resource he had been captured. Prisoner's father was stated to be a first-class warrant officer, now on pension; prisoner had been in the army as a clerk, but had been discharged as physically unfit in December, 1911. Up to about six months ago he had been earning an honest livelihood, but he had of late been associating with undesirable characters. Sentence: Twelve months' with hard labour. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT (Tuesday, May 7.) PACKMAN, James William (28, painter), robbery with violence upon Louisa Ward and stealing from her person 1 bag, 3s. 3d. and other articles, her goods and moneys. Mr. St. John Morrow prosecuted. LOUISA Ward, wife of George Ward, 29, Ladywell Park, Lewisham. On April 6, between 4.30 and 5.30, I was alone in Ladywell Park when prisoner came beside me and said, "Give me my wages back." I turned round and said, "Get away." He then hit me in the mouth; I fell backwards. As I was getting up he pushed me down again and said, "If you get up I will kill you." I was carrying bag produced on my wrist, containing a 2s. piece, 1s., three or four pennies, three pawn-tickets, two or three bills and a little powdered quinine, the value being 7s. 6d. altogether. When I got up a little boy brought back my latch key and a penny that he found on the ground. Prisoner had disappeared. I informed the police and about 8.30 p.m. picked prisoner out from nine other men. Cross-examined by prisoner. I had been in the "Morden Arms" public-house. I did not see you there; I do not think I had drinks with you not to my knowledge. Police-constable ALFRED GREEN, 566 P, stationed at Ladywell. On April 6, at 6 p.m., prosecutrix gave information. I went to High Street, Lewisham, and saw the prisoner go into the "White Horse" public-house, Lee. I told him I suspected him of having robbed a person in Ladywell Park and stolen a purse and contents. He said, "I have not been to Ladywell Park to-day, I have only just got off the car." Whilst going along to the station ho said, "If she thinks I had her purse she will have to prove it." I had not mentioned whether the complainant was a man or a woman at that time. Whilst in the charge room I saw him take a pawn-ticket from his waistcoat pocket and put it back again. The Inspector came in, prisoner stood up, threw two pawn-tickets on the desk and said, "Mr. Inspector, this Constable has put these into my pocket." He was placed with nine other men. The prosecutrix came in, touched him, and said, "That is the man." Shortly after that he took another pawn-ticket from his jacket pocket and produced a two-shilling piece, a shilling, and a half-penny; he gave them to the detective to whom he made a statement. He was sober. I had put nothing in his pocket. He also had on him a sovereign, 5s. 6d. in silver, and 10 1/2 d. in bronze. Police-constable ERNEST YOUNG, Ladywell Police Station. On April 6, at 8.20 p.m., I saw (prisoner take from his right hand jacket pocket a florin, a shilling, a half-penny and a pawn-ticket which he handed to me, and said, "Here you are, these I found in my pocket, I do not know anything about them; they do not belong to me." When charged he made no reply. He had been drinking, but he knew what he was doing. Prosecutrix was sober. When she lodged the complaint her lip was swollen and there were marks of blood on the lip. Prisoner's statement before the magistrate: "The only witnesses I have got are the two young men I was with. I came from the 'Black Horse,' Catford, on a tram, but I had a ticket for the 'Marquess, and when we got to the bottom of Hither Green Lane they asked me to go and have a parting drink. We went in the 'Morden' public-house, and we had four rounds. The organ was being played then, and that lady came and asked me for a penny for the organ. That is all I know about that lady. When I was taken from the public-house I was dumb-struck. I cannot understand the charge at all. I went with the constable, not knowing at the time that I had the pawntickets and the money in my pocket. I have no witnesses here." WILLIAM CHARLES BROADSTOCK, 626, Old Kent Road, house decorator. On April 6 prosecutrix was with me and the prisoner at the "Sir John Morden" public-house, Hither Green Lane. She was drinking with us. That was about 3 p.m. After that I left. FREDERICK WILLIAM BAILEY, 96, Shorndean Street, Catford, grainer in marble. On April 6 prisoner, I, and the last witness were drinking in the "Sir John Morden" from 2.30 to 3.30. Prisoner then went away with a woman. The lady wanted to put a penny in the organ, and Broadstock put one in for her. I afterwards met prisoner in Market Square at about 4.50 p.m. We went into the "White Horse," when the constable came in and took prisoner out. Verdict, Guilty; "We would add a strong recommendation to mercy because we believe the prisoner did it under the influence of drink." Prisoner was stated to be of good character. Sentence: Two months' hard labour. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (Wednesday, May 8.) HUGHES, William (59, agent), obtaining by false pretences from Henry Lynch a money order for  1 10s. and from Frederick George Darke a banker's cheque for  1 5s., in each case with intent to defraud. Attempting to obtain by false pretences from Walter Frederick Howes 4s. 6d., with intent to defraud. Mr. F. Hinde and Mr. S. Joyce Thomas prosecuted. FREDERICK GEORGE DARKE, draper, Waterloo House, London Road, Sutton, Surrey. On February 17 I advertised in the "Bazaar" for a bath chair and received a reply, signed "William Thompson," from the Buckingham Hotel, Strand, offering to sell a chair for 30s. and asking me to reply to 14, Railway Approach, London Bridge. I wrote offering 25s., and received another letter containing a printed sketch, further describing the chair and offering to send it on receipt of a post-dated cheque. On February 24 I forwarded cheque for 25s. (produced.) As the chair did not arrive, I stopped payment of the cheque on February 27. The handwriting of the endorsement of cheque (produced) is similar to that on the letters I received. ALICE ROSETTA HARRIS, widow, manageress of the Brighton Temperance Hotel, 14, Railway Approach, London Bridge. On February 23 prisoner engaged a bedroom in the name of Thompson; I handed him a number of letters that had arrived in that name. Fifteen or eighteen letters afterwards came which I gave him on February 26 Prisoner paid 2s. 6d. for the room he had engaged, but did not occupy it. I next saw him at Bow Street Police Station. JOHN NELSON CLAYDBN, jeweller, 268, Uxbridge Road. On February 23 prisoner selected a gold bracelet, the price of which was 22s. He said I should have to accept a cheque in payment. I said we did not take cheques from strangers. He said, "This one is all right; here is the letter I received with it," showing me letter from Mr. Darke, of Sutton. He said he was lodging at 62, Marfarlane Road, the house of a Mrs. Turner, for a part of the week, and for the rest of the week he was living at 14, Railway Approach; that he was a traveler and lodged at the two places in order to work different districts. I consulted my partner, decided to accept the cheque for 25s., and handed him the bracelet and 3s. change. I paid the cheque into my bank; it was returned next day. I saw prisoner at 62, Macfarlane Road and said, "I suppose you do not know me?" He said, "Oh, yes; you have come about that cheque?" I said, "Yes, what are you going to do about it; it is a very serious matter." He said, "Well, there must be some mistake about it, the railway have not delivered the goods yet. I hope you will not do anything about it; I have never been in this position before." I said, "I want either the gold bracelet or I want the money." He said, "I am sorry; I have parted with the gold bracelet and I have not any money until I draw some more commission." He said he would go over and see Darke and try and get me another cheque. I told him he could go to Sutton in two hours, and I would give him till nine o'clock the next morning, when he must bring me a fresh cheque or the money. He did not come. I went to 62, Macfarlane Road, in the afternoon and could not find him. I next saw him at Bow Street. HENRY LYNCH, engineer, Erskine Road, South Shields. On March 4 I advertised in the "Bazaar" and in "Cycling" for a high-grade bicycle and received letter (produced) from George Street, High Street, Ashford, Kent, signed "William Thompson," offering a first-class high-grade roadster, which cost  8 15s. three months ago, for  3, to be returned if not approved, and undertaking to send it on receipt of half cash by money order payable in seven days. I replied, and received another letter giving further particulars with a print of the supposed make and of the three-speed gear, and asking me to write to the Bedford Head Hotel, Tottenham Court Road. I ultimately sent money order  1 10s. (produced) to W. Thompson, at the Bedford Head Hotel. I did not receive the bicycle, and wrote again to W. Thompson. The letter came back marked "Not known." LOUIS SCHUTZ, hall porter, Bedford Head Hotel. In the beginning of March prisoner saw me and said, "There will be some letters for me; my name is W. Thompson. Will you please keep them for me." About seven or eight came; he called four or five times up to March 16 and received them. He has never stopped at the hotel. WALTER FREDERICK HOWES, dealer in animals, 16, Green End Road, Chiswick. I advertised in the "Bazaar" for white Persian kittens and on (March 15 received letter produced from Victoria Temperance Hotel, Grays, Essex, signed "Jno. Raymond" offering a fine white Persian kitten for 4s. 6d. or three for 12s., cash with order, and stating, "I am in a berth here, where I have been for some years, so you may depend on my sending them immediately and being fair to you. I will tend on approval to be returned at my expense if not approved." I sent postal order for 4s. 6d., but did not receive the kitten. I wrote again and received no reply. ALGERNON CHARLES RHODES, manager, Victoria Temperance Hotel, Grays. On March 15 I received postcard, "I shall be in one day next week about Monday. Signed "Jno. Raymond." In my opinion the handwriting is the same as the letter signed William Thompson. I afterwards received a letter directed to Jno. Raymond, which I retained. Sergeant THOMAS DURRANT, D Division. On March 16 at 3.30 p.m. I saw letters handed to prisoner by Schutz at the Bedford Head Hotel. Prisoner had some beer, went to a table, opened two of the letters and took money orders from them, which he kissed and placed in his pocket. One was letter produced, from Lynch, of South Shields, containing money order for  l 10s. Prisoner had a parcel with him containing a suit of clothes. He left the "Bedford Head." I followed and said, "I am a detective officer, is your name Thompson?" He said, "No." I said, "Well, what right have you with Mr. Thompson's letters containing money orders?" He said, "I shall say nothing." I asked him what the parcel contained; he made no reply. I told him I should arrest him for being in unlawful possession of the property; he made no reply. I took him to Tottenham Court Road Police station, where he was asked his name. He said, "William Hughes." I said, "These letters are addressed to Mr. W. Thompson." He said, "I do not know anything about it, I am old and foolish, I cannot give any information, therefore I am wrong. As regards the suit I bought it off a man at a shop for  2 5s. I do not know the shop or the street or what part of London." I searched him and found two letters addressed to Jackson, one containing a cheque for 15s. The charge was read over to him; he said, "I see, yes, I know I am wrong." Prisoner's statement before the magistrate. "As I have nothing but memory to work upon now, I will let it stand over till the sessions." (Defence.) FREDERICK JAMES HAWKINS, New Malden, Surrey, postmaster. Twenty years ago I knew prisoner as gardener to Mrs. Harris, the mother of Sir Augustus Harris, of Drury Lane Theatre, for about three years, under the name of Piggott; I dealt with him and he paid me about  120. He supplied people with bulbs and was then respectable. IVY PHILPS, barmaid, Bedford Head Hotel. On March 16 there were some letters for prisoner, which he received and one of which I saw him read. He sold to another barmaid a gold bracelet. He offered it to me, but I would not buy it. Verdict, Guilty on all counts. Prisoner confessed to having been convicted on February 26, 1908. at Hereford Assizes, receiving five years' penal servitude, for obtaining money by false pretences in the name of William Boddington. Other convictions commencing December 14, 1896, and including 18 months', three years' penal servitude, 12 months', 18 months', 18 months', were proved. Sentence: Three years' penal servitude. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Wednesday, May 8.) LLEWELYN, Frederick (49, none), and URE, Thomas (20, electrician.) Llewelyn committing an act of gross indecency with Ure; Ure committing an act of gross indecency with Llewelyn. Mr. Ralond Oliver prosecuted; Mr. George Elliott, K.C., Mr. Frampton, and Mr. Fuller defended Llewelyn; Mr. Curtis Bennett defended Ure. Verdict (each), Not guilty. JOHNSON, Arthur (60, restaurant keeper), obtaining by false pretences from Richard Herbert Terry Draper the several sums of  10 and  40, in each case with intent to defraud; obtaining by false pretences from George Ward  10, with intent to defraud; obtaining by false pretences from Ernest Walter Adams  25, with intent to defraud. Mr. Curtis Bennett prosecuted; Mr. St. John Hutchinson defended. GEORGE WARD, cook, 5, Newington Green Road. In November, 1910, I saw this advertisement (Exhibit 7), to which I replied. I read this letter, asking me for  20 as security before giving myself and wife the position of managing a coffee and dining rooms. I wrote saying I had not got that sum. I ultimately went into occupation of the "China Cup" coffee-house, Crouch End, and on December 7 I. paid prisoner  10, for which he gave me this receipt, with agreement attached (Exhibit 8), by which he agreed to employ me and my wife at a salary of 25s. a week and 2 1/2 per cent. on the weekly takings and to pay me 5 per cent. interest on my  10, which was to be returned to me on my leaving, one month's notice to be given on either side. Both documents are signed "William Goodman," which is the name I knew him by. I took possession and remained till June 16, 1911. I had given a month's notice in writing. On June 17 I met prisoner and asked for my  10 back. I have never been paid. Cross-examined. The  10 was given as security for honesty only and not also in case my management was bad. I improved the business greatly and I was on very friendly terms with him. I did not suggest that I would not. ask for the return of the  10 unless the business was a success. What his name was did not affect my mind. After a time the business did not begin to fall off, and prisoner never complained to me. He always paid me regularly. I paid all the expenses out of the takings. He found no money, not even to start with. I have never sued him for my  10. DAVID JAMES CHAMBERLAIN, secretary, Milhill. I am one of the owners of the "China Cup" coffee-house. On December 10, 1910, I granted prisoner a lease of those premises at  75 a year, and he took possession the next day. On June 16 they were closed. No rent was paid. Cross-examined. I have sued him for it, and I believe judgment was signed, but I have as yet recovered no money. ERNEST WALTER ADAMS, coffee-house keeper, 138, Seymour Street, Euston Square. On March 22, 1911, I saw an advertisement for a manager and wife to manage coffee-rooms, and asking for  25 as security. I replied, and I received a letter on March 23 signed "William Goodman, proprietor," asking me to call. I called, and saw prisoner. He said he was the proprietor of the coffee-rooms at 138, Seymour Street. I said that I had not got the money, but I gave him a cheque dated April 1 as security for my honesty. I produce the receipt and the agreement. I was to receive 5 per cent. on my  25, which was to be returned to me on leaving. My wife and I were to be employed at  1 5s. a week and 2 1/2 per cent. on the takings, one month's notice to be given on either side. I went into occupation on April 2, and remained there for two months. On June 6 he told me that a friend of his named Tree was coming to look after the business while he was away, and he asked me not to talk to him. A few days after Tree came, and I after that slept out. Prisoner said he would pay my fare backwards and forwards. I have never seen Exhibit 4 before. After Tree came I was suspicious, as things were not going on all right, and I told prisoner I wanted to get out. He said he would put me into another of his shops in the north-western district; he said nothing about the business having been purchased. On arriving at the shop on June 27 to work I found the place empty and prisoner had gone; previously he had come there every night. Prior to this he said he was going to sell the business at a big profit to a Mrs. Ash, who would take me on; he then also told me about Tree. I never received my  25 back. Cross-examined. Whether his name was "Goodman" or not did not matter to me. The  25 was not also deposited as security for my good management of the business. The business did not fall off after I took possession, and prisoner did not complain to me about it; there was a little disagreement between us about my letting the kitchen staff have what was left on the customers' plates'; it was the regulation thing to allow that: I did not tell him that I wanted to get him out of the business as I wanted it myself; he said I could have an option of purchase. He had the premises thoroughly done up. When I found the place empty I borrowed money to find fresh stock, and I opened the business a few hours afterwards; he had taken all the tables, but he had left some utensils. I have now got the business. I never gave him notice. I have not sued him for my money. He paid me every week out of the takings. Re-examined. I am now Mr. Giles's tenant. WILLIAM GILES, 91, Caversham Road. I am proprietor of the coffee-shop at 138, Seymour Street. I advertised it for sale for  80, and prisoner called on me, in the name of William Goodman, and told me he was buying coffee-shops for a syndicate which was being financed by a Mr. Cowley; they were buying all the coffee-shops they could get hold of. This agreement (Exhibit 11) dated March 13 was drawn up, by which he agreed to buy the business for  80, to be paid in three months time; in the meantime he was to pay me  2 12s. a week rent. He took possession on March 16. He paid rent till May 12. I never received the  80, and on July 6, 1911, I obtained judgment for the recovery of the premises. Cross-examined. When he went in he paid  8 odd for some stock that was in the shop. RICHARD HERBERT TERRY DRAPER, butler, 83, Warwick Street, Victoria. I saw an advertisement asking for a manager for luncheon and tea rooms at  2 a week and 5 per cent, of the weekly takings; the cash security required was  70, and that a partnership would be entertained on a payment; of  90. I wrote to the name and address given, Brown, 13, St. James's Park, Tunbridge Wells, and received in reply this letter (produced) from 14, Camelford Street, Brighton, signed "A. Brown," stating that the business was situated on the seafront at Brighton and making an appointment for me to see him. I went down and told him that all my available capital was  10, and he arranged that the balance of  20 should be deducted from my wages until paid; he was to keep the  70 at 4 per cent, as a guarantee of my honssty. On March 1 I sent him  10 and he sent me this receipt (Exhibit 3) and a letter stating that he would send me the agreement on receipt of the other  50. On March 4 he wrote me saying that he would not want me to go in until the next week as he had not yet got the painters out, and asking me for the  40; the letter is signed "A. Brown, per A.J." On March 6 I went to Brighton and paid him the  40, for which he gave me this receipt, signed "Arthur Johnson "; he then told me that he was "Arthur Johnson" and "A. Brown" was his secretary. He drew up this agreement (produced) by which I was to be paid  1 a week and 21/2 per cent. on the weekly takings until the balance of  20 was paid, when I was to receive  2 and 5 per cent.; and that the security was to be held at 4. per cent. interest to be returned on the expiration of the agreement. I had not yet seen the business; on both occasions when I went to Brighton on my asking to be allowed to do so, he said the place was still being decorated and he was too busy to take me. I got no references from him. He paid me  1 for the week ending March 18. I never saw the shop; I was never told where it was. Cross-examined. He was arrested on May 15. I had no reason at the time for thinking that he did not mean to open the shop, but I have now. It is true I wrote him on April 21 saying that "I firmly believe you meant to open the shop and to carry on fairly with me." He has not had an opportunity of giving me my money back. Mr. Hutchinson submitted that there was no case, since all the pretences alleged were merely promises as to future conduct not intended to. We fulfilled, which were not by themselves false pretences under the Act. There must be a false pretence upon an existing fact. (R. v. Woodman, 14 Cox, 179; R. v. Lee, L. and C., 309; 9 Cox, 304; R. v. Barker, 5 Cr. App. R., 283.) It was true that the decision in R. v. Bancroft (1909, 26 T.L.R., 10; 3 Cr. App. R., 16, 20) "A promise to do a thing in future may involve a false pretence that the promissor has the power to do that thing, for which false pretence the promissor may be indictable" seemed against him, but he contended that that case was not analogous, since it was there proved that the promise was known by the promissor to be physically impossible of fulfilment, whereas such was not the case here. (Thursday, May 9.) Mr. Curtis Bennett contended that Rex v. Lee wag not analogous to this case, which, taking the law as expressed in Rex v. Williamson (11 Cox, 328) should not be excluded from the jury. The question of prisoner's motive was one to be considered by the jury. It was for them to say whether prisoner intended to do what he represented himself as ready to do. It was true that in R. v. Gordon (23 Q.B.D., 354) the court had specially refrained from deciding the question whether a statement of present intention is a sufficient representation of an existing fact, and semble that it would certainly be unsafe to have an indictment upon such a statement alone. But here the indictment was founded also on the advertisements by which the jury were asked to infer a fraudulent motive. Finally, the prisoner was not entitled to an acquittal if it should appear that he obtained the moneys under circumstances amounting to larceny. Judge LUMLEY SMITH. I have considered this, and, although I think the man has defrauded these people more or less, I do not think the facts come within the statute. His Lordship then directed the jury to return a verdict of not guilty. This they refused to do. Judge Lumley Smith explained that it was not a question of whether the prisoner was fraudulent in his mind, but as to whether there had been, as required by the statute, a misstatement of some actual existing fact, of which there was no proof. The jury persisted in their attitude, and they were discharged. Judge Lumley Smith postponed the trial till next sessions, stating that he would order a fresh indictment to go before the Grand Jury. He thought that in framing such indictment regard should be had to the advertisements. Prisoner was released on his own recognisances in  5 to come up for trial. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (Thursday, May 9.) BRONSTEIN, Solly (29, dealer), being a bankrupt within the meaning of the Debtors' Act, 1869, and the Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 and 1889, within four months before the presentation of the bankruptcy petition against him, feloniously quitting England and taking with him a certain part of his property to the extent of  20 and upwards, to wit,  670, which ought to be divided amongst his creditors; being bankrupt unlawfully did remove part of his property to the value of  10 and upwards; being bankrupt unlawfully disposing of certain of his property otherwise than in the ordinary way of his trade. Mr. Travers Hmphreys, Mr. Montagu Shearman, jun., and Mr. Roland Oliver prosecuted; Mr. Muir defended. GEORGE INGLIS BOYLE, messenger, London Court of Bankruptcy. I produce file of prisoner's bankruptcy. Petition of Setton and Durward, creditors, January 2; receiving order February 15; adjudication February 20, 1912. JAMES BAYNE, manager to John William Setton, trading as Setton and Durward, Birmingham, stationers' sundriesmen. I have supplied goods to prisoner for two and a half years. On October 5, 1911, he ordered goods amounting to  70,  63 of which were delivered on October 20, the payment being due on November 25; the remainder were invoiced on November 10 and payment would be due December 25. I went to see prisoner at his shop, 189-190, High Street, Shoreditch on December 1, 4, 5, and 6, but failed to find him, although I made appointments with his wife to meet him. On January 2, 1912, I presented petitioner in bankruptcy in behalf of my firm. I was present when defendant gave evidence in opposition to an application for a receiving order on February 6 and 15. Cross-examined. Prisoner having a month's credit the whole amount was due on December 25, but the October item would be due on November 25. Up to the last order prisoner had paid satisfactorily; he had sometimes taken a little extra credit, but we did not press him. In October I was told he was going into the wholesale trade. He originally had one shop, No. 189, and afterwards No. 190. HARRY WILFRED LIGHTFOOT, traveller to Setton and Durward. On December 9 I saw prisoner at 190, High Street, Shoreditch, and said I had called for a cheque which he had promised to send our Mr. Bayne for  70 8s. 6d. He promised to send it on Monday, the 11th. He did not send it; I called on December 15 about 10 a.m., and after waiting half an hour he came and let himself in with a key. I said we had not received the cheque he promised to send on and I must have a settlement. He said, "I cannot let you have a cheque to-day, but I will get the money somehow and send you on a cheque on Monday, the 19th." We did not receive it. CHARLES HENRY RAMBY, traveller to Fair-brother, 120, London Wall, Small ware manufacturer. In November, 1911, my firm supplied goods to the value of  70 to prisoner. I called on him on November 28 and December 5 and 13 and failed to see him. I succeeded in seeing Him on December 14 at 5.30 p.m., asked him for payment, and he said he would give me a cheque if I called on Friday morning. I saw him at No. 189; the wholesale department was closed. On December 15 I called at 10.30 a.m. and saw him; there were a few goods in the ware-house worth about  3 or  4, he said I could take them for payment. There were none of our goods there. SIDNEY SELINGER, Paper Street, City, merchant. In December, 1912, prisoner owed me  44. On December 12 I called for payment. He said if I looked back in the afternoon he would have a cheque ready for me. I did and he then handed me post dated cheque of December 22 for  35, which came back dishonoured and has not been met. Three or four days after I received the cheque I saw him only one shop was open. He said, "I have sold the retail shop and I am fitting the other up as a wholesale place only; the carpenters are coming in to-day." I said to him, "Look here, "what is the matter with you? Are you in Queer Street? If so, why not call your creditors together and face them the best you can?" He said, "No, I am all right. You come next Monday and I will give you the balance of your account." I said, "You not only owe me, but you owe money to others." He said, "You will get the lot next Monday." I have not received any money from him. Cross-examined. I have know prisoner for three or four years he has paid me fairly regularly. I had heard remarks towards the end of 1911; he kept on giving me as a reference and I did not like it. RUBEN CLENOVITCH, 66 and 74, Dalston Lane, picture and furniture dealer. Prisoner's wife is my wife's sister. In December, 1911, he owed me  420 money lent and  100 for an acceptance I had given as security to his bank. I had also lent him  200 on the security of his lease on October 25. I sued prisoner and obtained an order for judgment for  300 dated December 14. On December 13 I bought the goodwill, stock in trade, and fixtures of No. 189, High Street, by deed produced, for  1,105 2s. 4d., being the amount of his debt to me, and  585 2s. 4d., which I paid to him,  100 in banknotes and the rest in gold. I have since carried on business at 189, High Street. Prisoner's wife has worked for me since. Cross-examined. I drew  233 from my bank and paid the balance from cash I had in hand. I have known prisoner for about six years. I knew his father and understood he was a naturalized Englishman before prisoner became 21 years of age. GLADYS GAMAGE, 4, Louisa Terrace, South Woodlands, Essex. Up to December 13 I was employed by prisoner as shop assistant. He then paid me two weeks' money, including a week's notice, and told me he had sold the retail business to his Brother-in-law. He said the creditors were pressing him hard for money. During December several travellers called. Prisoner told me to tell them he was out. WILLIAM RAYNER, managing clerk to Robert Pearce, solicitor to the owners, of 190, High Shoreditch (trustees of the London Parochial Charities.) On December 15 a distress was levied for a quarter's rent,  25; the sale realised  18 11s. 6d.; I received  10 2s. from the sheriff's officer. HUGH DEAN, clerk, London County and Westminster Bank, Shore-ditch. I produce certified extract of prisoner's account in my bank from October 1 to December 31, 1911. The account has been running since 1906, and was guaranteed by Clenovitch up to  100, which amount was paid by him on December 27, 1911. On November 30 the credit balance was  11 5s.; on December 5,  19 6s. 6d.; December 13,  12. On December 1  57 10s. was paid in and 12s. 6d.; December 2,  50 was paid out; December 12,  18 18s. 4d. paid out; December 13,  10 10s. paid in, December 14  10 18s. paid out. On December 27 Clenovitch paid  100 with a promissory note, for which prisoner had credit. On December 30 there is a credit balance of 10s. 2d. Cross-examined. From September 1 to 30 payments in amounted to  414 19s. 3d. (Friday, May 10.) EDWARD PHILLIP GRIFFITHS, managing clerk to John K. Talkington, solicitor to Setton and Durward. On February 6 and 15 I took a shorthand note of the evidence given By prisoner. He said his liabilities were roughly between  3,000 and  4,000, which were incurred within the last five or six months; that on December 16 he went under his doctor's orders to Folkestone, stayed there three days and then went to Boulogne, where he stayed two days, that he took  670 in cash with him,  100 being in notes; that some of the notes were paid away and some he took to Paris; that he had sold the shop, 189, Shore ditch, to his brother-in-law, Clenovitch, for 21, 182; that he had lost in gambling the money that he took to Paris, and that he had no assets whatever. ARTHUR WILLIAM JAMES, clerk to the senior Official Receiver in Bankruptcy. On February 15 prisoner underwent his preliminary examination, which I produce, signed by him. He said: "On December 14 last some of my creditors having found out that I had paid a visit to Clouovitch, at once began to press me. Then on December 15 the landlords put in a distress for the September quarter's rent,  25. I did not pay them out and I understand they moved the stock, fittings, and fixtures, and sold them for  18 10s. On December 16 I had  670 in cash in my possession, being the money Which. Clenovitch had paid me. On December 16 I decided to go to Monte Carlo and endeavour to make it up at the gambling tables to be able to come back and pay all my creditors. With that idea I went to Folkestone, stayed there till December 18, when I crossed over to Boulogne, and was induced by a man to go to Paris instead of Monte Carlo, where I lost by gambling at cafes in a few days the whole of the money. I returned to England on Sunday, December 24, with about 30s." He also stated that between October and December he lost about  2,000 by horse racing and cards. Cross-examined. Prisoner stated also: "l am 29 years of age, am a Russian Jew and came to England with my parents 15 years ago from Russia "; that he began by keeping a stall for selling goods in the street. He gave certain addresses where he was trading, and said he was at 189, High Street, for about four years, and then at 190, High Street, for about 18 months." I commenced business on my account as a fancy goods retailer with a stall in High Street, Shore ditch. I had about  4 of my own and no debts. I continued this until October, 1906, when I had about  220 and no debts. I then purchased the lease of 189, High Street, Shore ditch, for  50, fitted the place up, at an additional cost of about  50, and commenced business as a wholesale and retail stationer, fancy goods, and toy merchant." Mr. Muir submitted that the prisoner had committed no offence under the Statute, as he quitted England for a purely temporary purpose. The Common Serjeant held that there was evidence for the jury whether prisoner quitted England with the intention of taking his property out of the jurisdiction; if he did so, that would come within the Statute. (Defence.) SOLLY BRONSTEIN (prisoner, on oath) gave evidence in accordance with the statements made in his preliminary examination and his evidence given on the application for a Receiver. Verdict, Guilty. Evidence of previous good character was given. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Thursday, May 9.) FRY, Guy Mortimer (41), obtaining by false pretences from Charles William Richards  10, with intent to defraud; obtaining by false pretences from Joseph Bai  1 10s., with intent to defraud; obtaining by false pretences from Alfred Ernest Richardson one waistcoat and other articles and  5 14s. 4 1/2 d., the goods and moneys of Percy Harrison, with intent to defraud; obtaining by fake pretences from Rinaldo Gattoni the several sums of  4 and  4, in each case with intent to defraud. Mr. Ganz prosecuted; Mr. Maddocks defended. Medical evidence was called that the witness Rinaldo Gattoni was unfit to appear. His deposition was proved. CHARLES WILLIAM RICHARDS, managing director of Artillery Mansions, 71, Queen Victoria Street, Westminster. On September 1 prisoner took a furnished flat at three guineas a week. He gave the name of " Captain Gerald Fry " and was accompanied by a lady whom he introduced as his wife. They took possession on December 5, and on December 13 he gave me a fortnight's rent in cash. On January 1 he gave me a cheque for  6 9s. on the Union of London and Smiths Bank, 1 which was met. Although I asked him for it he paid me no further rent. On February 6 this letter (Exhibit 1) was handed me by Mrs. Fry, enclosing cheque for  10, dated February 10, asking me as a great favour to cash it, as he wanted to pay the cook and to give his wife the balance, and a further cheque for  15 9s., dated February 12, for the rent; he asked me not to cash them till the following Monday, and stated that he was getting  23 for rent for 3, Cornwall Gardens, Margate, on the 10th. I received them about 4 p.m., when the bank was closed. I declined to accept these post-dated cheques and sent them back by her. She returned shortly afterwards with the dates corrected, as they are now, to February 6. I handed her  10 in cash in the belief that he had then very little money, but that in the course of a day or so the  23 he mentioned in his letter would be paid in and the cheques met. As requested, I did not pay them in until about February 14, when they were returned marked "Account closed." He left the flat on the 14th; he came in and said that he had made arrangements and the cheques would he met. He came again on the 15th and said again that it would he all right and the cheques would be met, He subsequently telephoned me and said he was coming down to settle that day. I subsequently went to the bank manager and then communicated with the police. Cross-examined. I believe prisoner was ill on February 6. On the faith of his letter I advanced the money. On February 14 he said he was going away, but he wanted to keep the flat on another week; I allowed him to do so as he had left some things there; at that time I had the returned cheques in my possession. I did not re-present the cheques. I was expecting him to come and pay me, according to his promise. LAWRENCE JOHN LITTLEWOOD GAUL, clerk, Union of London and Smiths Bank, Victoria Street. On January 1 prisoner opened an account and I produce certified extract from the books and a copy of the entry in the signature book; it gives his name "Gerald Maurice Fry," late of the 7th Dragoon Guards. On February 6 the credit balance was 7s. 6d. The total amount paid in was  95 0s. 6d. I produce a list of the cheques returned unpaid. On February 6 the manager wrote him Exhibit 6 stating that in consequence of the irregular way in which his account had been conducted we were compelled to refuse any more money and asking him to close the account and to forward unused cheques. The letter was sent by hand. On February 14 he wrote us stating that he would pay  10 in before 12 to meet a cheque for that amount, and unused cheques. On that date a cheque for  10 in favour of a Mr. Richards was presented, but it was returned by our bank marked "Account closed." Prisoner wrote us again that day and our manager wrote him stating that it was now too late to accept any more money. Cross-examined. On February 12 we wrote him saying that we would hold two cheques for  5 and  1 until 2.30 and returning  5 he had offered to meet one of them; we did not, in fact, close the account until the 14th. FRANK RICHARD CHURCH, clerk, Union of London and Smiths Bank. Between 1 and 11 p.m. on February 6 I took this letter (Exhibit 6) to prisoner's flat at Artillery Mansions. Cross-examined. I left it with the servant. At 3 p.m. on February 14 a messenger came from him with a note to say, he would send  10 to meet a cheque for that amount presented that afternoon; at the time we had returned the cheque. He never actually sent it. Re-examined. I (produce the letter (Exhibit 6) prisoner sent saying that if it was not too late he could send the  10. JOSEPH BAI, restaurant keeper, Wilton Road, Victoria. At 7 p.m. prisoner, a customer of mine, asked me to cash this cheque (produced) dated February 21, payable to "self" or order, for  1 10s. I said I had no money in the till, but my manager changed it for him under my instructions. I thought it would be honoured. He returned between 9 and 10 p.m. and said if I liked to give him his cheque back he would give me the money. I could not find the cheque and I returned him the  1 10s. which he had paid me. He said that I could pass it through all right; or words to that effect. On the next day I paid the cheque into my account and it was returned "Account dosed." I never saw him again. Cross-examined. He was a regular customer. He was not excited when he asked me to cash the cheque. I would not have lent him  1 10s. He produced more than enough to pay it when he returned. I think he intended to defraud me; he was too much of a "swanker." It is true that I said before, "I do not think he wanted to cheat me. It did not look like it," but I meant that was my idea at the actual time of changing the cheque. I thought I was being asked my opinion of the man; I did not trust him. RINALDO GATTONI'S deposition was read. ALFRED RICHARDSON, 30, Richmond Park Road, Kingston. I am manager to Percy Harrison, outfitter, 10, Thames Street, Kingston. On September 28 prisoner came in and bought goods to the value of  4 5s. 7 1/2 d. He took them away. About 8 p.m. on October 2 he came and asked for his bill. I gave it to him and he gave me cheque (produced), dated October 2, for  10, drawn on Cocks, Biddulph, and Co.'s bank and signed "Gerald Fry." I gave him  5 14s. 4 1/2 d. change and paid the cheque into Mr. Harrison's account. It was returned marked "Refer to drawer." I felt justified in thinking the cheque would be met, since we had had two previous transactions with him, and he had referred us to a local gentleman, who had said he was   man of means. We did not hear any more of him until March 20, when Mr. Harrison received five guineas in cash from him. Cross-examined. We threatened him with County Court proceedings. In giving him credit we relied upon the reference we had received. FRANCIS ALLEN COLE, clerk to Messrs. Cocks, Biddulph's Bank, Charing Cross. I produce certified extract from the books of the bank relating to an account which was opened by prisoner on November 23, 1910. The last item is April 21, 1911, when the account was overdrawn  3 8s. 3d. Cross-examined. The account is still open. It was a substantial account. Prisoner has a life policy, but I do not know whether the Bank has it. Detective-sergeant WILLIAM CHILDS. On March 6 I saw prisoner at Margate Police Station. I told him who I was and asked him if his name was Captain Gerald Fry. He said, "That is the name I use." I read the warrant to him and he said, "Do you come from Rochester Row or Cannon Row?" I said, "Rochester Row." He said, "You know Mr. Richards?" I said, "Yes, very well." He said, "He is a very nice fellow, is not he?" In the train he said, "This is where I am brought to by another woman. Thank God, I have seen the error of my ways before it was too late. I went back to my wife ten days ago. If I plead guilty to a technicality, do you think the magistrate will deal with me summarily?" When charged he made no reply. Cross-examined. He was an officer in the Field Force in South Africa. He has had an account in William Deacon's Bank, through which he passed about  25, 000 during the last two years. Mr. Maddocks submitted that there was no case to go to the jury. As to the indictment relating to Richards, he contended hat the prosecution had not proved the falsity of any representation contained in the letter (Ex. 1), upon which prisoner admittedly relied in advancing the money. The giving of a cheque is no representation that there are funds to meet it (R. v. Walne, 11 Cox 647.) No intention as to defraud had been established, it had not been proved that the account was closed at the time the cheque was given, or that prisoner was not entitled to an overdraft (R. v. Hazelton, L.R. 2, C.C.R., 134; 13 Cox, 1.) The giving of a post-dated cheque (the prosecutor having complied with prisoner's request not to pay in the cheque before a certain date) can never be obtaining money by false pretences, because a promise as to future conduct is insufficient. There must be a false representation as to an existing fact. Counsel contended as regards Gattoni's indictment, that prisoner was entitled to an acquittal since it had been proved that prosecutor had lent the money not on the faith of the cheque but because he trusted the prisoner. As retards Bai's indictment Counsel contended that the suggestion that prisoner had intended to defraud was negatived by the fact that he had subsequently offered cash for the cheque upon which the money had been lent. As regards Harrison's indictment, no false pretence had been proved, since the prosecutor had lent the money on the faith of the reference which he had obtained. Mr. Ganz stated that the indictment charging prisoner with falsely representation that the cheques he was giving were good and valid orders for the payment of the particular sums and that he had authority to draw them was taken from R. v. Hazelton (supra.) He referred to passages in the judgment in that case, and contended that as regards Richards' case there was clear evidence that prisoner had received the letter (from the bank manager closing the account prior to his sending the two cheques to the prosecutor, which he therefore knew he had no authority to draw. As regards Gattoni's and Harrison's indictments, he contended that the mere giving of a cheque is in itself a representation that the giver has authority to draw. It had been proved in this case that prisoner had not that authority. As regards Bai's case, prisoner's subsequent conduct did not affect the question as to whether when prisoner gave the cheque he had an intent to defraud. That was a question for the jury. Mr. Maddocks contended that it had not been proved that prosecutors had been deceived by any alleged misrepresentations of fact made by prisoner (R. v, Roebuck, 7 Cox, 126.) Judge Lumley Smith said he would not stop the case. (Defence.) GUY MORTIMER FRY (prisoner, on oath.) At the time I wrote the letters to Richards enclosing the cheques I had not received the letter from the bank stating that my account was closed; it was true, as I stated in my letter, that I was expecting to get  23 as rent from my he use at 3, Cornwall Gardens, Margate, and I did, in fact, receive that sum on February 9; Mr. Richards promised through an intermediary to keep the cheques until the 10th and on that day I sent a messenger to the bank with  10 to meet them, but it was refused. I telephoned two or three times subsequently to Mr. Richards saying how sorry I was. Through ill-health I had to go to Margate; this was after giving the cheques to Bai and Gattoni. In giving the cheque for  1 10s. to Mr. Bai I had no intention of defrauding him; be trusted me at once. I had had some drink at the time. I knew then I had no money account at the bank and I returned and offered him the 30s. He could not find the cheque. I told him that my account was closed and arranged that he should keep the cheque until I went in and paid him. I had been a good customer to Gattoni and he had cashed many cheques for me; a previous cheque of mine had been returned to him and I had to pay him. He has never made any allegation against me with regard to these cheques. He subsequently cashed another one for me. In giving the cheque to Richardson I did not expect it to be dishonoured, because the bank had a life policy of mine, an undiscounted bill for  500, and an agreement that F.A. M'Lane owed me  1,000. I have had during the past two years transactions to the amount of  40, 000 with William Deacon's Bank; I had a business at 20, Victoria Street and I put a considerable sum of money in a paper and another business; I had too many irons in the fire. Cross-examined. I went by the name of "Guy Mortimer Fry" because at school I was teased for my name being "Guy Fry "; I always went by the name of "Gerald" at home, and I have always traded under the name of "Gerald Fry." When Exhibit 6 was delivered at the flat I was ill in bed; I received it some time in the afternoon after I had sent the cheques to Mr. Richards. A young lady who was living with me answered the door and took the letter. When I sent her in the morning with the letter to Mr. Richards she returned and said that he wanted the dates altered; he is mistaken in saying that he received it at 4 p.m.; I do not remember hearing him say that at the police court. When I sent the messenger to the bank on the 14th I enclosed the  10 in a separate letter and the boy had orders that if the manager said it was all right he should pay it in. I did not pay the  10 to Mr. Richards when I saw him subsequently because I was waiting for the cheques to come back. It is true that, strictly speaking, I knew I had not power to draw cheques on the Union of London and Smiths Bank on February 21, but I only gave the cheque to Bai as security. The next day I was taken ill and had to go to Margate or I would have paid both him and Gattoni. When I handed Richards the cheque I had no idea that my account was overdrawn at Cocks, Biddulph's. Verdict, Not guilty. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (Thursday, April 25.) THATCHER, Charlotte (29) pleaded guilty, of feloniously marrying Alfred Spooner, her former husband being then alive. Sentence: One day's imprisonment. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (Monday, April 29.) HARRINGTON, William (30, barman) pleaded guilty, of stealing 15s., the moneys of the Essex Victuallers and Caterers, Limited. Prisoner confessed to having been convicted at Clerkenwell Sessions on November 5, 1907, of warehouse breaking, receiving 23 months' hard labour, in the name of William Russell. Other convictions proved: October 25, 1904, North London Sessions, four months' hard labour, stealing a bicycle; 18 months' hard labour, Middlesex Sessions, on May 27, 1905, stealing a bicycle. Prisoner was released from his last conviction on June 11, 1909. He would give no account of what he had been doing since then. J. WALTON, 11, Beulah-road, Leytonstone, bricklayer, stated that prisoner had worked for him honestly for nearly two years. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Wednesday, May 1.) FRANCE, George Frederick (40, outfitter), being an undischarged bankrupt did unlawfully obtain credit to the extent of  20 and upwards from Nathan Lipovitch without informing him that he was an undischarged bankrupt. GEORGE INGLIS BOYLE, messenger, London Bankruptcy Court, produced and proved a file showing that prisoner was made a bankrupt on October 22, 1907; his discharge was still unapplied for. NATHAN LIPOVITCH, cap manufacturer, 394A, Mile End Road. I have been in business on my own account since February, 1911. In that month I called upon the Manchester Hat Company, with whom my late firm, of whom I was manager, did business, and asked them if they could let me have some business. Prisoner, who saw me, said if I left my samples he would see what he could do; I was to call next day; he was to have one month's credit. I supplied him with  9 7s. 6d. worth of goods, for which he gave a cheque signed "Myers." I went on supplying him goods till December last, and he paid me for them; altogether it came to about  214. I saw no one in the shop when I called except prisoner and his brother. I did not know he was an undischarged bankrupt. The name over the door was "The Manchester Hat Company." In December my man delivered to him  26 5s. worth of goods on the usual month's credit. I have applied to him for the money, but he has not paid me. Cross-examined. As works manager for Warner and Co., my late firm, I would not deal with their customers direct, although I would know their names. I do not know whether it was their habit to make inquiries about people who wanted to open an account; I did not think it necessary to make inquiries about prisoner before he opened an account with me, because my old firm had already done business with him. I swear I did not know they had learnt he was an undischarged bankrupt. I did not see over his premises his name as the manager. I never made inquiries about my customers. I never asked prisoner who the Manchester Hat Company was and what his position was with them. When I wrote in February asking him for his account he called and said he would not pay it as he was not the governor of the place; I swear he never told me that the business belonged to a Mr. Reynolds and he was managing for him, but he produced landlord's receipts bearing that name, and that was the first time I surmised it; he never mentioned Mr. Reynolds's name. As goon as I realised this I commenced criminal proceedings. This was in March. I have made inquiries since and I have satisfied myself that Mr. Reynolds does not exist; I did not trouble to inquire as to who was the person who entered into the electric lighting agreement which had regard to the receipts he showed me. In February I found he was an undischarged bankrupt and my solicitor wrote him, informing him of this and that if he could not clear the facts up proceedings would be commenced; I do not think he asked him to pay. I swear I did not know the contents of this letter (produced) from Stubbs's to Warner and Co. informing them that prisoner was an undischarged bankrupt. I knew before February this year that he was only manager from one or two letters that I received from him in November but I did not know before November. I then tried to get out of the account. I did not make any inquiries from Stubbs's. I went on supplying him with goods as long as he paid me; I supplied them after that date to the firm and not to him; I invoiced and debited them to the firm. THE RECORDER, stating that the Act was never intended to apply to such a case as this, it being clear that the goods were supplied to the firm, directed the Jury to acquit prisoner. Verdict: Not Guilty. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (Tuesday, May 7.) SUGG, Richard (29, labourer), breaking and entering the dwelling-house of Charlton Lenox, with intent to steal therein; being found by night having in his possession, without lawful excuse, certain implements of house-breaking. Mr. St. John Morrow prosecuted. The charge of house-breaking was tried. CHARLTON LENOX, 20, Dacre Road, Upton Park. On March 16 at 3 p.m. I left my house properly secured and' returned with my brother at 8 p.m. A man was on the step, who asked me whether Mr. Ellis, the bricklayer, lived there; I said there was no one of that name lived there and the man went away down the road. I took out my key to open the door, when I found it was open. I sent my brother to keep an eye on the man and went in to see if the place was disturbed. I came out, followed my brother to Crescent Road and we followed the, man into Selywn Road, where we lost sight of him. Five minutes afterwards we saw him again in Crescent Road, followed him and asked what he was doing in a house in Dacre Road and what game he was up to. He said something about we were asking for it and we would get it in a minute. My brother had then got hold of him. I pulled him away and said, "Let the man go "; he had got his hand in his right coat pocket and I thought he might bring out a weapon, so I told him to let the chap get out of it. I found there was no damage done. On April 13 at East Ham Police Court I picked prisoner out from a number of other men as the one most closely resembling the man I had seen on my doorstep; I could not swear to him; I thought it was a taller man. HARRY LENOX, brother of the last witness, corroborated. On April 13 I picked out prisoner from among a number of other men, but I could not definitely identify him. On March 16 as I followed the man in Crescent Road I heard a noise as if he had thrown away something. I gave information at the station and that evening I went with a constable to try and find what he had dropped. We did not find anything; we had a lantern. Detective THOMAS PITCHLEY, K. Division, stationed at Forest Gate. On March 17 at 11 a.m. in consequence of a communication. I searched in Crescent Road and in the corner of the privet hedge of No. 36 I found jemmy produced protruding two inches. I then went to No. 20, Dacre Road and found marks on the front door and in the back with which the jemmy exactly corresponded. The door had been forced. I was present at East Ham Police Court when prosecutor touched the prisoner, saying, "This is the nearest man, but I cannot swear to him." (Wednesday, May 8.) Detective-sergeant William Hubbard, K Division, stationed at Forest Gate. On April 6 at 9 a.m. I saw prisoner at Forest Gate Police Station. I said, "Sugg, you will be put up for identification this morning at the court as you answer the description of a man who was found breaking into 20, Dacre Road, on March 16. It is the house of a Mr. Lenox, a builder." Prisoner made no reply. Later prisoner was seated in the passage at East Ham Police Court waiting to go before the magistrate. As I passed he came across to me and said, "Mr. Hubbard, it was only an attempt, I will not give you any trouble. You know I never carry a revolver, I would not hurt anybody." I had the jemmy produced in my hand and he said, "Ah, I threw that in the garden you found it, then I could tell it anywhere." When the charge was read over to him on April 13 he made. no reply. Police-sergeant Walter Selman and Sergeant Scrimshaw were present at the time. Sergeant WALTER SELMAN and Detective-sergeant GEORGE SCRIMSHAW corroborated the last witness as to the conversation. Police-constable HARRY FAIRWEATHER, stationed at Forest Gate (called at the request of the prisoner.) I saw prisoner talking to Hubbard, but I did not hear what was said. Prisoner's statement before the magistrate. "I reserve my defence till the trial; I call no witnesses." RICHARD SUGG (prisoner, not on oath.) It is a case of mistaken identity; there is not a bit of evidence that can convict me. Police-constable Fairweather has denied that I made such a statement. Verdict, Guilty. Prisoner confessed to having been convicted on December 1, 1909, at West Ham Police Court in the name of William Jackson, receiving three months' hard labour for stealing a bedstead. Three other summary convictions were proved for church breaking and being found with house-breaking implements. Prisoner's correct name was stated to 'be James Harrison ; he had gone under the name of Richard Sugg, that of his brother-in-law, a respectable man. Prisoner was arrested with burglarious implements upon him, the subject of the second indictment, which was not tried. Sentence: Twenty months' hard labour. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Tuesday, April 30.) LAWSON, Henry William (36, steward), and ALDUS, Percy Arthur (18, steward), stealing 181 blankets, the goods of the New Zealand Shipping Company. Mr. Du Parcq prosecuted. THOMAS ROSS MACGREGOR, general servant, s.s. Tongarro, of the New Zealand Shipping Company. Lawson was a mess room steward and Aldus a general servant. On March 14, the day we left Monte Video on our return journey from New Zealand, were were in the peak (Aldus was not present), when Lawson boasted to me about what he had done on other ships with regard to robberies. (The Recorder stated that they were only concerned with the matters relating to the Tongarro.) He told me he was saving up all the stores he could get hold of to sell at Teneriffe. He said, "I know a native there, Franks by name, who will buy anything he can get hold of from me," and he said that he was going to get some blankets if he could, because he had already sold all the engineers' 'blankets at Monte Video and he would have to get some more either from the second steward or by stealing some himself; he said he would bluff the second steward that he had taken the dirty ones back and get more clean ones in that way. He said Franks bought off everybody and he dealt with the chief stewards. About four days afterwards Aldus told me that he was helping Lawson in the deal with the blankets and that he was going to get into the second-class store, where the white blankets were stowed, take some and stow them in the mess-room. About 3 p.m. that day I went on deck and saw Lawson outside the mess-room shaking rugs; Aldus was running from a port in the second saloon to the mess-room carrying blankets. There was nobody else about on that afternoon. It was not part of his duty to move blankets unless he was told to and he would not do it in that way; the proper way would be to unlock the door and take them out; instead of that he got over the top of the bulkhead; he told me beforehand he was going to do that. He returned to his ordinary work about 4 p.m. He told me that he had got 14 white blankets into the engineers' mess-room. That was not the place in which to keep them. The following day he suggested to me, "It is up to you to get some blankets and Lawson will get rid of them for you." I stole 20 white blankets from the same place and put them into a disused alleyway; that was my own idea. The door was locked and I got over the top of the bulkhead. Aldus got eight more white blankets at the same time and handed them through the port to Lawson, who was on deck. No one else was about at the time. I told Aldus what I had done and he told Lawson. On the following day Aldus told me that Lawson had told him it would be a good idea if we could get about 100 blue blankets and stow them away all ready to sell with the others. I agreed and helped him to get them and stow them in the cabins along the alley way. We got them from two steerage cabins, getting into those cabins with a passkey that Aldus said he had got from Lawson; he passed the blankets over to me. He told me there were 100 and told me to stow them into the empty two berth cabins, which I did. He said he was going to take 100 knives into the mess-room and then he went away and when be came back he told me he had done it. The key he used was one of these (Exhibit 4.) The following day the ship came into port at Teneriffe. Lawson brought two of the natives up to me and told me to show them where the blankets were. The day previously Lawson, Aldus, and I had looked at the blankets and Lawson said they were all right; he said that all we would have to do was just to show the natives where they were. When he brought these two natives to me on the following day I took them, as he asked me, and showed them the blankets and they started putting them into bags that they had brought; they had filled one bag with white blankets and were starting to pass it up through the hatch on to the deck to some more Dagoes, when I heard the carpenter Whitelock shout down. I walked along the alley way with the idea of getting out. I was away (for about five minutes and on coming back I found the bag that they were passing up lying on the deck with the empty ones. I slung them all into an empty cabin. Aldus was then on deck. Directly afterwards I saw him and told him what I knew. He said, "I have done two of the knives over the side so they cannot find them." The next day Lawson said to me, "Don't tell. They cannot prove anything.' On April 3 I made a statement to the captain and on April 8 I gave evidence at the police court. Cross-examined by prisoner Lawson. You had nothing to do with the storing of the blankets in the after alley-way and you were not at any time in the second-class store room engaged in handing the blankets out. It would be necessary for you to put blankets in the engineers' mess-room. The captain told me he had enough evidence to hang me, but he did not terrify me into making a statement. He did not suggest you were in with me; I just made my statement. It is true I was toeing cross-examined for about two hours. My statement's was not put into my head by the captain and others to be revenged against you. You made yourself very obnoxious to the officers on the ship during the voyage. I made my statement 'because 1 was afraid that the stewards would have to pay  2 or  3 out of their wages; I head that from the stewards, including Philby. I have seen pillow-slips and counterpanes torn up in the peak. I have heard that passengers after they have been seasick put the blankets over the side. I have seen blankets used for doors and they have also been distributed amongst the firemen. To Aldus. You said to me, "What a splendid opportunity to get our own back on the second steward." He did not look after the gear as carefully as he might have done. I never saw you in possession of any knives; I only saw you in the room where they were kept. I never saw the passengers taking their meals on deck; they might have done. A sailor coming across a knife on the deck would knock it into the sea. Steerage passengers are not very carefully searched on landing and they could take things away, Re-examined. The second steward would lose  1 a month bonus if a large amount of gear was short. CHARLES RAYMOND PLUMMER, second steward, s.s. Tongarro. I was in charge of the linen of the ship and made an examination of it before we sailed from New Zealand on February. 14. I have not my stock book here, but speaking from memory we had 1, 230 blue blankets and 216 white ones. The next occasion I overhauled them was after leaving Teneriffe, when I found 181 blue and white blankets short. We looked for them and we discovered 82 stowed away in passengers cabins in a disused section of the ship; some were packed and some were stowed away carefully folded under the bunks; I believe there were 22 white ones in the bag. We do not store blankets in bags of that kind and it was not a proper place for them to be stored; the crew had no right there unless they were sent for some special purpose. The passengers could not get down there; We had only saloon pasengers on this voyage and they would not help themselves to blankets. The white blankets were stored in a temporary store in the second saloon and the blue blankets' in steerage cabins. Neither of the prisoners had a right to go there without orders, and I at no time ordered them to move blankets from there. These places were locked, but it was possible to get into the secondclass store over the top of the bulkhead. I found also a number of knives missing. These keys (Exhibit 4) are not issued to stewards and I did not know that Lawson had any. I gave information to the chief steward as to what I found. After deducting the 82 found there would be 22 white blankets and 55 blue blankets missing. To Lawson. You returned some blankets to me at the Albert Docks. I was not "pals" with you on the voyage; I am not supposed to be "pals" with those under me. I kept a tally book of the things that went to the laundry and came back when we were on the coast of New Zealand. I have not it here. (The Recorder directed that this should be produced.) I did not admit in the police court that I had not used the book. A lot of blankets were torn up one night; I do not know what that was due to; I do not put it down to my unpopularity. I receive  1 a month in the event of the gear being all right and a certain class of fellows might do away with stock to make me lose that  1. I found 17 spare blankets amongst ten men after leaving Teneriffe; I am not here to answer whether that is careful management on my part or not. No blankets were in the possession of the firemen unknown to me. When a fireman wants an extra blanket I give him one and he gives me a "chit "; he pays for it if he does not return it. It is true I made a mistake of two in counting 17 blankets; but the mistake was rectified. Emigrants could take blankets if they wanted to, but I do not think any of them did so on this voyage as they were fairly decent people. You warned me several times that as the stewards were so incensed against me they were going to dump stuff over the side. To Aldus. I acknowledge saying that I would like to get you a month and you said you would get your own back; you threatened to drown me with a bar of iron on arrival at London. I do not consider that your fines on board were unfair. Only blue blankets would be issued to the crew. (To the Court.) No one is supposed to have skeleton pass-keys similar to Exhibit 4; these (produced) would open any door they fitted. Other people than Lawson had pass-keys, but they had no right to them. He could obtain access to the bags by going into the stewards' cabin. (Wednesday, May 1.) HARRY PHILBY, 94, Grove Road, Bow. I was third-class cook on s.s. Tongarro. On March 31 we arrived at Teneriffe. Betwen half-past 6 and 7 p.m. I saw Lawson in the alley-way near the mess-room in the engineers' quarters with three natives, one named Franks, who I know as a dealer; they were standing round a sack and they appeared to me to be putting something in it, but I could not see what it was; I was about six yards from them; the alley-way is very narrow and I could just see the sack between their legs. I left and returned a few minutes later and I think two of them were outside. Lawson was standing in the alley-way to make room for the others to come out; I saw natives pass him carrying four bags half-full of something; the bags were passed over the side of the ship into a boat. (To the Court.) It was the duty of the officer on the deck to ask them what was in the sacks, but he was not there. It would not have done for Lawson to have interfered because he was only the mess-room steward, but it would have been his duty to communicate with some person in authority with a view to ascertaining whether they did or did not contain something which belonged to the ship; he was responsible for everything in his department and these were coming from his quarters. By the rules of the ship he ought not to allow anyone dcwn there at all; these Dagoes are supposed to stand outside and do their business on deck. A little time after I saw Aldus. I said, you are passing a lot of stuff over the side to-night "; I was referring to the sacks. He said, "I am passing nothing over the side. You have seen me pass nothing." I said, "Don't be so sure of that." He then walked away. I had not actually seen him pass anything over the side; I only asked him as being in the same department working with Lawson. The prisoners and McGregor were friends. The next day McGregor was shifted under my charge. I did not report this matter to my superior officer as it was out of my department. On April 2 McGregor made a statement to me which I reported to the chief steward. To Lawson. I was on the deck when I saw you and the Dagoes surrounding the sack, and it was possible for me to see the sack. It is usual for the crew to buy fruit, etc., from the natives. They have no right in the alley-way where I saw them, but you could not prevent them going there if they went by the second engineer's orders. It did not occur to me to fetch a steward to see what those sacks contained or to report it to superior officers. It was your duty to examine them. I did not actually see Aldus pass anything over the side; it was a shot. After this affair you sent an order round the ship that should anybody give evidence against you or Aldus you would send the firemen, who were supposed to be in your pay and under your influence, round, and they would be practically mutilated, and that was the reason why McGregor was shifted under my charge. HENRY WHITBLOCK, 17, Barking Road, Canning Town. I was a carpenter on board the steamship Tongarro. About 6.30 or 7 on March 31'wihen the vessel was at Teneriffe I saw three or four Dagoes forcing an iron bar out of a companion way and passing up a bag. There was another Dago under the ladder passing up the bag. I caught hold of it and asked them what they were doing there. I found that it was full of white blankets, and they offered me money to go away. I threw the bag down the hatchway, and in doing so I saw McGregor at the bottom of the ladder. I went and saw the chief officer and returned to the place where I had thrown the bag down, when. I found it had been shifted to behind a door in the cabin two cabins aft of this ladder. When I saw this bag being handed up prisoners were standing 20 ft. to 25 ft. away on the other side of the deck and they could see me talking to the Dagoes. They did not join in at all. They could see what the Dagoes were doing, but they apparently did not take any interest in it; they did nothing and said nothing. When I threw the bag down the Dagoes went over the side into their boats, which contained bags and boxes. The same night I made a report to the captain. To, Lawson The natives usually lower the things over the side, but I do not know of any rule that they may not use the passengers' gangway. You were nearer to the Dagoes than I when I first saw them. It would not he possible for you to get blankets from the second class companion way without going on deck. CHARLES RAYMOND PLUMMER, recalled, produced the inventory, of the stuck book and the colonial laundry book. Further cross-examined by Lawson. I filled in this colonial laundry book when we were at New Zealand. It is signed by myself and the laundryman as correct. The stock book contains a complete inventory of the stock taken at the end of the voyage, and it is compared with the stock taken at the beginning. (Lawson stated that he did not suggest the blankets were lost in the laundry, but that the second steward did not know, other than those that went to the laundry, what blankets were on the ship.) I made an examination of them after leaving Tenerriffe, when I found a shortage of 77, and on arriving in London a further examination was made when I found an even greater shortage. Re-examined. Before the vessel left New Zealand I ascertained the number of blankets on board. WILLIAM BRISTOW, messenger, Board of Trade, stationed at Victoria Docks, produced and proved the log-book of the steamship Tongarro. Police-constable WALTER LILLET, Port of London Authority. At 5.30 p.m. on April 7 I saw the prisoners on board the steamship Tongarro in the chief steward's cabin in the presence of the captain. The captain said, "I want to give these two men into custody for stealing blankets on the voyage home." I said, "I am a police officer. You hear what the captain says?" Lawson said, "I am very sorry it has come to this." The captain had given me these two keys (Exhibit 1) and I said to Lawson, "The captain has given me these two keys which you hear he says he took from you." He said, "Yes, I gave him two keys, one has a small 'a' on the ward." That is the fact. I said, "Do they belong to the ship?" He said, "I really cannot say where I got them from." Aldus made no reply. Lawson was taken into custody by another officer, and, after he had gone, Aldus said to me, "This is the first time I have been in trouble. I did it because he second steward (Plummer) said he would like to get me a month. Lawson suggested we should sell the blankets." They were taken to the police station and charged. I tried the keys on the cabin doors pointed out by Plummer which had been used as a store for blankets and found that they fitted those and several other doors. Police-constable ALBERT BALDRY, Port of London Authority. On April 7 I took Lawson into custody. On the way to the station he said, "I have nothing to be afraid of. Fancy charging me with stealing ship's gear. The engineers have trusted me with all their property and they have not lost anything." (Defence.) HENRY WILLIAM LAWSON (prisoner, on oath.) This was my first voyage on this boat, but I have been three and a half years with the company. Four days after leaving Monte Video I made the general statement in the peak that I could, if I had cared, have sold blankets at Monte Video to a Dago. McGregor, who was present, asked me whether they would buy things like that, and I said a Dago would buy the propellers if he could get at them. He said he wished he had known as he was always working in the store room (that is where the blankets were supposed to be taken from) and he could have got some and sold them to him. About five days before reaching Teneriffe Aldus told me that McGregor and he were going to get rid of some blankets at Teneriffe, and McGregor had got 20 stowed away and he was going to help with 100 blue. I asked him why he was going to do this and he said, "To be revenged on Plummer." I gave him no advice about the matter, although I realised he was going to commit a felony. The day before we arrived at Teneriffe I went down with Aldus and McGregor to see where the blankets were stowed. I saw them in the alley way. At I was purchasing fruit for the engineers from the Dagoes when McGregor asked me whether they would take the blankets, and I said no doubt they would. That ended the matter as far as I was concerned. I understood they were not going to sell them, but were going to get rid of them for spite. I suppose I neglected my duty in not informing my superior officer. Cross-examined. Aldus had been to sea with me previously in the Marathon; not a boat of this company. This was my first voyage with McGregor. McGregor's account of my conversation with him is not correct; I did not give him the name of "Franks," although it is true I knew a native of Teneriffe of that name and that he would buy anything; I had not dealt with him. In the course of conversations with McGregor I may have mentioned about my previous voyages, but the money I had earned I earned legally, and I never told him that I had stolen things. (Witness categorically denied the statements McGregor alleged that he had made to him.) I did not tell him to show the natives where the blankets were. When I went down and saw them packed I said "All right "; I meant all right for disposing of. There was no question of selling them for money; it was being done out of spite against the second steward; they gave me to understand they were going to give them to the Dagoes and I believed them. I saw Franks come on board at Teneriffe, but I did not take him with other natives to McGregor. It is true that some Dagoes passed me with some sacks; I had only just bought oranges and different things from them, and these sacks contained fruit and other things. There were not as many as four sacks passed me; Philip is wrong as to that. I could not see the Dagoes trying to force the iron bar from the hatchway from where I was standing, and I did not see the carpenter go up and speak to them. I told McGregor the following morning to deny everything as they could not prove it because he had been blamed for it. PERCY ARTHUR ALDUS (prisoner, on oath.) I took these blankets because the second steward said he would like to get me a month. The reason, I said, when arrested, that Lawson suggested we should sell the blankets was because he had said just before we left Monte Video that he had a chance to sell some; McGregor took it up and asked whether the Dagoes would buy them; Lawson said they would, and then McGregor said he could get a score of them if he liked; I did not mean that Lawson really suggested we should sell them. As far as I knew we were going to make a present of them to the Dagoes. About a fortnight after McGregor told me he had got 22 white blankets stowed. away and would I help him with 100 blue. I said I would as I would do anything to get level with the second steward. I took some passkeys which were lying about in the megs-room (everyone on board had them) and I undid the door of the room where the blankets were stored and passed 100 blue blankets to McGregor, who put them into another cabin. I afterwards put the keys back in the mess-room; it was really not necessary to have them because the door was open, and you could also get over the bulkhead. I do not know what became of the blankets afterwards. Lawson had nothing to do with it at all; we took him into our confidence because he had no love for the second steward. Cross-examined. Lawson knew all about it. I did not tell McGregor that Lawson had given me the key; his story has been frightened cut of him, and it is an invention. By the blankets being short the second steward would lose his  1 a month bonus. I know nothing of any blankets besides the 100 blue. No bargain was made with the Dagoes about these blankets. I bought fruit and cigarettes from them; I suppose McGregor arranged to sell them to them. This was the first time I had been in the company's service. (To the Court.) The Dagoes did not take any blankets away. The 77 blankets short were probably done away with by other stewards out of spite to the second steward; he was very unpopular. Verdict (both), Guilty, the jury adding that they though Aldus acted under the influence of Lawson. Sentences: Lawson, Twelve months hard labour; Aldus, six months' hard labour. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Thursday, May 2.) PURDEN, Sidney (24, traveller), obtaining by false pretences from Arthur Walker  3, from Harry George Featherby  3 17s. 6d., from Sybel Miller  3 17s. 6d., from Hugh Gilchrist  3 17s. 6d., from William Edward Bell  3 15s., from William Henry Mackrell  3 17s. 6d., and from Prank Cole  3 17s. 6d., in each case with intent to defraud. Mr. Metcalf prosecuted; Mr. Marshall Hall, K.C., M.P., Mr. Cotes-Preedy, and Mr. Eustace Fulton defended. WILLIAM HENRY MACKRELL, electrical engineer, Aylesbury. On January 12 I saw in "Electricity" the advertisement (Exhibit 6)), "Gramophone; 12 gns., 1911; cabinet; hornless; perfect order; with records,  3 17s. 6d. Going to Canada. Marjory Fitzgerald, 19, Deanery Road, Stratford, Essex." I wrote asking for particulars and enclosed a stamped, addressed envelope. In reply I got this letter (Exhibit 7), "Dear Sir, Your letter to hand, many thanks for same. The gramophone, a marine cabinet machine, with tone on turntable and horn enclosed, cost twelve guineas February last. It is in perfect condition in every way. I also got a quantity of records which go with same. The reason of my selling it is on account of my leaving England for India to be married. My future husband simply detests gramophones, so of course no alternative but to sell. I think you would like it for a real beauty. It plays splendidly. It would look very well in either dining room or drawing room, and quite a piece of furniture itself. Should you fancy it, am quite willing to send it on providing you send me  3 17s. 6d. here. I pay carriage, and should it not be all I say in this letter I will refund your cash willingly. This I think quite fair to both, seeing we are absolute strangers, don't you? Hoping to hear from you, I am, faithfully yours, MARJCRY FITZGERALD. P.S. Should you be sending, I prefer postal orders because I transferred my banking account." On January 23 I sent postal orders for  3 17s. 6d., for which I received a receipt in the wrong name. I subsequently received a proper receipt apologising for the mistake. The following week the gramophone arrived, carriage forward. I sent the money on the faith of Exhibit 7 and that I was getting a genuine 12-guinea machine second-hand. Had I seen the machine before it was sent to me I would have had nothing to do with it; it had on it, "Made in Germany," and the packet indicated that it came from Birmingham.; Cross-examined. The machine I got was a new one in my opinion. It could play. The question whether it has an expensive or inexpensive motor has nothing to do with the tone. I expected to get a second-hand machine, practically new. Whether her husband disliked gramophones or not did not matter to me. HARRY GEORGE FEATHERBY, engineer, London Road, Bishop's Stort-ford. On December 5 I saw an advertisement similar to Exhibit 6. I sent a post-dated cheque for  3 17s. 6d. for the instrument to be sent on approval; it is now endorsed "Marjory Fitzgerald, W. Murch." I received a letter acknowledging the cheque, stating that she was getting a case made, and would send off the machine, carriage paid, on the following morning, and that she could not see me as she was leaving England next month, and had to go and see friends before she went. I sent the money in the belief that the machine was second-hand, and was made by the Gramophone Company, listed at 12 guineas as the retail price. On receiving the machine, which had come from London, I Went to the bank to request my cheque to be held over, but I was told that it had been paid by wire through a Birmingham bank. The machine came nowhere near my view of the description in the advertisement. I wrote complaining, and not receiving any reply I put the matter in the hands of the police. Cross-examined. It is true it will make a noise; I suggest it is not worth  3 17s. 6d. WILLIAM EDWARD BELL, analytical chemist, Lincoln. On February 24 I saw an advertisement similar to Exhibit 6, and I Wrote, offering  3 15s. I got in reply Exhibit 30, similar to Exhibit 7; and I sent a cheque for  3 15s.; it was returned as paid through a Birmingham bank by wire. I got Exhibit 32 and a receipt, and on March 9 I received the machine. It made a horrible noise, and I was not satisfied with it; it was a new machine of a very cheap type there was no mark upon it to show the origin. I wrote asking for the return of my cheque, and at the same time I wrote to Scotland Yard. Cross-examined. I expected to get a second-hand 12-guinea machine. I did not count the records that came.; I was so disgusted. SYBEL MILLER, wife of Alfred Miller, 36, Heath Terrace, Leamington. On February 24, seeing an advertisement similar to Exhibit 6, I wrote, asking whether it was a Gramophone machine, and if it was in good condition. I received a reply, a letter similar-to Exhibit 7, and as it did not state that it was a Gramophone machine I wrote asking again whether it was. I received in reply Exhibit 15, stating that it was, and believing this to be the fact and that I was dealing with a lady who was going to India I sent  3 17s. 6d. in postal-orders. I got a receipt and the machine, which came from Birmingham. It was broken, and I was dissatisfied with it. I wrote for the return of my money, and getting no answer I communicated with the police. Cross-examined. I never tried to see whether it could play. HUGH GILCHRIST, Inverness-shire, and FRANK COLE, Grimsby, gave evidence of a similar character. ARTHUR WALKER, postman, 59, Steven's Road, West Ham, On November 23 I saw an advertisement with regard to a gramophone. I went to Deanery Road. Prisoner opened the door, and I asked to see the gramophone. He said his sister was not at home but; he would show me it. He showed me this one (produced), and I asked him if it was a Gramophone machine. I said I would get a friend of mine to come and see it. I took his opinion, and ultimately I wrote, offering  3, which he accepted. I paid him. The Recorder stated that, in his opinion, there was no case on this count, and he would direct the jury to return a verdict of Not Guilty. ARCHIBALD HARPER ANDERSON, assistant manager to the Gramophone Company, Limited, 21, City Road. I have examined Mrs. Miller's machine, and I think it is of a trumpery manufacture; I should say it was new when supplied; there is nothing to show its origin. I should say it would sell for  1 or 25s. retail. It is not one of our, 12-guinea machines, of which I produce a specimen, which we sell at  12, 10s. All the machines supplied by prisoner are similar to the one I examined. The motor is a mere toy; I should say it was a Swiss make. Cross-examined. We have no trade mark in the word, "Gramophone," and these machines are gramophones according to the law. (Mr. Marshall Hall experimented with a record made by the Gramophone Company on a machine supplied by prisoner.) It will play records but it will not last. A zonopbone machine, price  2 12s. 6d. is sold under our auspices, but it is superior to these machines, As far as I can judge the machines in this price list (produced) supplied by S.M. and Co. is similar to these machines. There is an enormous business in cheap gramophones. The important thing is to get quality in the sounding box and the record. HENRIETTA HEINRODT, widow. I let apartments at 19, Deanery Road. About nine months ago prisoner took apartments from me. He did not appear to have any business which took him to the City; he gave the name of Fitzgerald; I never met a person named "Marjory." I allowed him, on his request, to do a little advertising. A number of letters came to the name of Fitzgerald. No gramophones were sent to him to my knowledge, and none were packed and sent from there. HENRY CLAUD FULCHER, manager, Vanguard Bicycle Company, 166, Pentonville Road. Mr. Murch is the proprietor. We have been dealing for some time with the Runwell Cycle Company, Birmingham. We have advised this firm to dispatch to prisoner these gramophones (we were out of stock ourselves), and they executed the orders which we had received from prisoner on our behalf. We charged him  2 for each machine, new and without records. In the records we charged some at 1s. 8d., some 1s. 4d., and some 10d. each. We knew prisoner as "Purden "; the fact that he was advertising as "Marjory Fitzgerald" did not come under our notice. Cross-examined. In the price list handed to me I see an illustration of a similar gramophone to these sold by a wholesale firm at  3 10s. retail. Sending direct from Birmingham instead of through an agent would save carriage. Detective-inspector WILLIAM BURROW, K Division. On March 19 I saw prisoner at the police station. I said, "I hold a warrant for the arrest of 'Marjory Fitzgerald,' and I believe you have been assuming that name." He said, "My name is not Marjory Fitzgerald." I said, "If you say you are not the man who has been assuming that name I shall have to place you with several other men and call your landlady and an official from the Post Office to prove you are the man who has been assuming that name." He said, "Then I will say I am Marjory Fitzgerald." I then read the warrant and advertisement to him. The charge was read, and he said, " 3 is that all you have got?" I said, "No; I have received numerous other complaints against you of a similar nature." He said, "Oh." On searching his lodgings I found a quantity of correspondence, including the letters that have been put in relating to the charge. HENRIETTA HEINRODT, recalled. (To the Court.) Prisoner occupied two rooms at 12s. 6d. a week. This notepaper headed "19, Deanery Road" he bought himself; it is printed. Detective-sergeant MICHAEL CHRISTY. On searching prisoner's lodgings I found this circular (Exhibit 41) of the Runwell Cycle Company. JAMES GARWOOD, manager, Pioneer Cycle Company, 290, High Street, Stratford, Cross-examined.  3 retail for these machines is not an exorbitant price, but it is enough money. Verdict, Guilty on all counts except Count 1. Prisoner pleaded guilty upon a further indictment for unlawfully and fraudulently obtaining from Alexander Urquhart, by means of falsepretences with intent to defraud, and unlawfully conspiring together with one Murray, by means of false pretences and other unlawful devices, to cheat and defraud divers persons of their moneys. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour on each count of the indictments, the sentences to run concurrently. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Wednesday, April 24.) BAISLEY, William Joseph (28, gymnastic instructor) pleaded guilty, of stealing two rings, the goods of Lita Robertson; stealing two rings and other articles, the goods of Annie Soper; stealing four rings and other articles, the goods of Stanley Long. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction of felony at this court on June 27, 1911. It was stated prisoner had obtained access to the houses, from which he stole in all goods to the value of  280, by representing himself to be an officer of the local electric light company. He had been identified in five other similar cases. The value of the property recovered was  42. He was in the Army from 1899 to 1908; he left with a good character. He had been leniently dealt with, on his former conviction on the statement having been made that he would go to Canada. Sentence: Two years' hard labour. RAWLINSON, Edward (68, traveller) pleaded guilty, of attempting to obtain by false pretences from Charles Blake  1, with intent to defraud; forging a certain order for the payment of  4, with intent to defraud. It was stated that prisoner, who had been suffering with his foot, had given way to drink. He was a capable man. The Recorder postponed sentence, in order to give prisoner, an opportunity of communicating with his friends. WOOD, Queenie (31, dressmaker) pleaded guilty, of attempting to commit suicide. Prisoner, a married woman, had committed this offence as the consequence of the death of the man with whom she was living. The Recorder postponed sentence till next sessions, Mr. ScottFrance, the Court missionary, being requested to communicate with her. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (Friday, April 26.) GOODARE, William (25, policeman), unlawfully soliciting Harry Kingsnorth, a male person, to commit an act of gross indecency with another male person, to wit, himself the said W. Goodare; committing an act of gross indecency with Harry Kingsnorth; indecently assaulting Alice Rose Kingsnorth; unlawfully soliciting the said H. Kingsnorth to indecently assault the said A.R. Kingsnorth. Prisoner pleaded guilty on counts 1 and 5 (indecent assault), which plea was accepted by the prosecution. He was stated to have been drunk at the time. Sentence: Twelve months' hard labour. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Wednesday, April 24.) BUSHELL, William, (33, labourer), attempting to carnally know Lizzie Wheeler, a girl under the age of thirteen years; indecently assaulting her. The prosecution offering no evidence, the Jury were directed to return a formal verdict of Not Guilty. BEFORE JUDGE LUMLEY SMITH. (Thursday, April 25.) TEMPLE, Albert (68, shoemaker), TODD, James (36, carman), and AVERY, George (36, dealer) pleaded guilty, of stealing a horse, a van, a set of harness, and 21 packages of clothing and other articles, the goods of Pickford and Company, Ltd., and feloniously receiving the same. Mr. Ronald Walker prosecuted; Mr. Purcell defended Temple. Temple and Avery confessed to a previous conviction. Other convictions were proved against them. Todd had only once been convicted; that was for stabbing his wife; he was then bound over. Sentences: Temple and Avery (each), Three and a half years' penal servitude; Todd, Three years' penal servitude. WALKER, Cecil (39, stationer) pleaded guilty of obtaining from Emile Polak  30, with intent to defraud; unlawfully forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, four letters with intent to defraud. Sentence: Two months' second division. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Monday, April 29.) UNVERZAGT, Charles Henry (54, mine operator), maliciously publishing certain defamatory libels of and concerning Winifred Alice Smith. Prisoner (who was on bail) failed to surrender. The Recorder ordered that the recognisances of the sureties (who were present) should be estreated, and that a Bench warrant should be issued for prisoner's arrest; neither order to come into force until next Monday, when an application was to be made. (Before the Common Serjeant, Monday, May 6.) It was stated that prisoner had gone to America; the orders of the Recorder of April 29 were made effective. CASES POSTPONED: CASTIGLIONE, J.L., and PORTEOUS, R.G.; MARSHALL, Frederick; PANKHURST, E., LAWRENCE, E.P., and LAWEENCE, F.P.; CORNELL, Herbert, and EDWARDS-SELLETT, T.J.E.; LAMB, W. H.; ALABASTER, M. C. BILLS IGNORED: LEVY, Michael; IRVIN, George; JOHNSON, Henry W.; BARNES, William. FRY, George Walter (48, overseer), pleaded guilty of stealing a postal packet containing a purse and  1 12s. 7d., the property of His Majesty's Postmaster General, he being an officer of the Post Office. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour. STEBBINGS, Charles (20, designer), pleaded guilty of forging a certain receipt for the sum of  1 with intent to defraud, and uttering such forged receipt, well knowing it to be forged, with intent to defraud. Prisoner confessed to a previous conviction of felony at the Old Street Police Court on August 17, 1910. He had stolen a Post Office Savings Bank-book from his brother, with whom he lived, and had forged receipts for three sums amounting to  1. It was stated that he had been a great source of trouble to hospitals; after having been treated he would leave, taking with him articles belonging to the hospital. His family had done all they could for him; he was able to earn  3 or  4 a week. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour. HARVEY, George (37, painter), pleaded guilty of feloniously marrying Eugenie Eliza Barrand, his former wife being then alive. Prisoner contracted his first marriage in 1897 and his second in February last. The second wife, who had given him into custody, stated that when going through the form of marriage with prisoner she did not know he was married; there had been no improper relations before this. Sentence: Nine months' hard labour. RICHARDS, James (52, clerk), forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, a certain order for the delivery of goods with intent to defraud; attempting to obtain by false pretences from Charles James Jones 121/2 yards in length of cloth, with intent to defraud. Prisoner pleaded guilty to the first indictment, and this plea was accepted by the prosecution. Eleven convictions, dating from 1892, were proved, one of them for being a rogue and vagabond and one for living on the earnings of prostitution; prisoner was stated to be a very bad character. Sentence: Two years' hard labour. DRAPER, Henry (36, carman), having been entrusted with certain property, to wit, 47 cases of potatoes, the goods of Alfred Matthews and another in order that he might deliver them to Mr. Israel, unlawfully fraudulently converting them to his own use and benefit. CHARLES FIELD. I am in the employ of Charles Matthews and Co., carmen and contractors, Hop Exchange. On April 10 I instructed prisoner, one of our carmen, to collect a load of potatoes from Middleton's Wharf to deliver to John Willy's. It would be his duty to return after a reasonable time to receive his day's pay or book up his work, but I did not see him again until I saw him at the police court last Tuesday. Cross-examined by prisoner. There is a notice in the office to the effect that you should return. GEORGE NICHOLLS. I am employed at the Middleton's Wharf, Wapping. About 3 p.m. on April 10 prisoner came and I loaded on his van 47 cases of potatoes in accordance with an order I had received from the office. He signed this book (produced) for them in my presence. He then went away with the van With the exception of finding him asleep on some cases just before I began to load he was all right. To prisoner. You were not drunk; you seemed all right. (To the Court.) He was by himself. He drove away all right. WILLIAM BOLTON. I am in the employ of John Willy and Co. On April 10 I saw prisoner at the Middleton's Wharf. I got a gang to get him loaded and gave him a delivery note to go to Mr. Israel, at Spitalfields. I value the potatoes at between  17 and  18. I saw him drive away. He seemed in an excitable condition. FREDERICK THOMAS, yard foreman, Matthews and Co. About 6.30 p.m. on April 10 prisoner brought his horses home and put his van away; he was all right as far as his working condition; no doubt he had had a glass of beer. He did not return to work at all after this day. GEORGE DA COSTA. I am employed by Mr. Israel, Spitalfields Market. I did not see prisoner at all on April 10 and no potatoes were delivered to us by his firm on that day; we were expecting a consignment. Detective-sergeant JORDAN. At 8.30 p.m. on May 1 I saw prisoner at Union Street, Borough, and told him I should arrest him for stealing 47 cases of potatoes on April 10, the property of Matthews and Co. He said, "Who is going to charge me? Have you any proof I stole them?" I told him that Mr. King would charge him. He said, "I was drunk and don't know anything about it." I took him to the station, where he was charged. He made no reply. Prisoner's statement before the magistrate: "Six weeks previous to this date I had been a teetotaller. The night before this I had a few words with my wife and I took to drink. It very much upset me, sir. I arrived at Middleton's Wharf about 11.30 a.m. I found I could not get loaded before dinner, which is 12 o'clock, so I went to the neighbouring public-house. How long I stayed I could not tell you, but I know this gentleman, Mr. Nicholls, woke me up. From this till I woke up in my van in the Tower Bridge Road I was apparently asleep, sir. How long I could not tell you. I got up and looked about me. I could not make out where I was. The van was empty, so I drove it home. Me and my horse-foreman and my horsekeeper went in next door and had a glass of ale. I went home, sir, and had another row as usual over supper, and having two or three shillings in my pocket through the effect of being a teetotaler I did not go to work for a couple of days. On the Saturday my wife told me Mr. King had been there for my work-docket, which we have to make out. I made it out and my boy took it to the office. They said they wanted to know what had become of their 47 cases of potatoes Of course, I knew nothing at all about it. The only excuse I can offer is that I was drugged in Wapping and robbed of them. I have no idea of how I got to Tower Bridge Road." Upon being called upon for his defence, prisoner stated that he wished to call his wife to prove the "row,"in consequence of which he had got drunk. On the Recorder stating that he did not think this evidence would be of any good to him, prisoner refrained from calling witnesses. After the summing-up, Mr. Thomas (recalled) stated, at the request of the jury, that prisoner had no van-boy when sent out with the van. Verdict, Guilty. On February 27,1911, prisoner had been bound over under the Probation of First Offenders' Act for stealing; he had been convicted on two occasions for drunkenness. Sentence: Eight months' hard labour. McINTYRE, Alfred Grahame (42, labourer), pleaded guilty of forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, certain orders for the delivery of goods, to wit, for the delivery of five cameras, 60 dozen boxes of pills, a quantity of pens on April 12, 1912, and a quantity of pens on April 13, 1912, in each case with intent to defraud. Prisoner confessed to a conviction of felony at this court on July 22, 1901. He was given by police evidence a very bad record, having been practically continuously in prison since 1889. Sentence (May 15): Five years' penal servitude. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (Tuesday, May 14.) BARTON, Robert (34, tinsmith), and PARKER, Grace (27), both unlawfully uttering counterfeit coin; both unlawfully possessing counterfeit coin, with intent to utter the same; Parker unlawfully uttering counterfeit coin twice within two days. Mr. Robert Wilkinson prosecuted. JAMES ALFRED DAY, manager, Whitaker's Drug Stores, 113, Dawes Road, Fulham. On April 20, at 9.15 p.m., Parker bought a 2d. tablet of glycerine and cucumber soap (produced), tendered 2s. piece (produced) in payment, received 1s. 10d. change, and left. I noticed it was bad, followed, and saw her 50 yards off with the male prisoner. They walked on together to Vincent's Drug Stores; Barton waited on the opposite side of the road while Parker went in. I then made a communication to a police-constable. Parker came out of the stop, joined Barton, and went on to Argon Mews. I detained Parker; the police-constable went after Barton and brought him back. Parker said to me, "What is the matter; what does this all mean?" I said, "I expect the policeman knows." They were then both taken to the police station and charged by me. Cross-examined by Barton. I feel quite sure it was you that Parker met when she left my shop; I saw your side face. ALFRED ERNEST STRONG, manager, Vincent and Co., chemists, 19, Borden Place, Fulham. On April 20, about 9.15 p.m., Parker bought 2d. tablet of Rose soap (produced), and tendered in payment 2s. piece (produced), which I found to be bad. I said, "This is a bad coin." She said, "I changed some gold to-day, and I had some silver in my bag before that; how I came to have this bad 2s. piece I do not know." I handed her the bad coin, and she paid with a good 2s. piece. To Barton. I did not see you. HERBERT CECIL BROWN, chemist, 84, Fulham Palace Road. On April 20, at about 7.30 p.m. Parker bought 2d. tablet of Rose soap (produced), and tendered in payment 2s. piece, which I found to be bad. I told her so; she said she did not know where she had obtained it; she had had change for half a sovereign, but had silver before that in her purse. I returned the coin, and she paid in good money. To Barton. I did not see you. ERNEST JOHN LOUSTY, assistant to W.H. Brooks, chemist, 509, New Cross Road. On April 19, at about 8.30 p.m., Parker bought 2d. cake of coap (produced). I gave her her bill, which she took to the pay-desk. Miss Elsie Barker, the cash' clerk, then brought me 2s. piece, which I tested and found to be bad. I told Parker it was bad, and asked where she got it from. She said her husband gave it to her with a handful of silver. She then paid for the soap with a good shilling. She said it was funny that she did not notice it, she being in business. She was given receipt (produced). To Barton. I did not see you. ELLEN BURTON, wife of John Burton, chemist, 373, Old Kent Road. In the beginning of last November Parker bought this 2d. packet of soap (produced), for which she tendered a bad florin. I said, "This is a bad 2s. piece." She said, "I am sorry." She then took the coin back again, and paid with good money. Two years ago she tendered me a bad 2s. piece, and as she had no other money she went out of the shop. The Common Serjeant. I think two years ago is too far off; we need not trouble about that. To Barton. I did not see you. (To the Court.) She came the first time about the beginning of the year 1910. Before the magistrate I said she came for the first time in January, 1911. I think she has been in three times; I can swear to two times. I told the magistrate that she bought the piece of soap (produced) in January, 1911; it was really bought in last November. Police-constable FREDERICK BENHAM, 727 B. On April 20, at about 9.30 p.m., I was on duty in Borden Place when the witness Day made a communication to me, in consequence of which I kept observation on the prisoners. Parker came out of Vincent's Drug Stores and joined Barton, who had been waiting on the opposite side of the road. I went into Vincent's. When I came out I saw the male prisoner walk hurriedly away. I ran after him; he went down Argon Mews into a coach house, where I saw him throw something away. I then arrested him. He said, "What is the matter?" I then took him to Day, and asked if this was the man he had spoken about. Day said, "I am not certain." I then asked Barton if he knew Parker. He replied, "Yes." I asked Parker if she had a few minutes previously been in a chemist's shop in Borden Place and uttered a bad 2s. piece. She replied, "Yes," and handed me a 2s. piece (produced) from her purse. When charged at the police station Barton made no reply; Parker said, "I know nothing about it." I then went back to the coach house, and on an orange box lying there I found eight tablets of soap (produced). That was ten minutes after I arrested the prisoners. THOMAS JONES, Station-sergeant, South Fulham Police Station. On the morning of April 21 I made a search in Argon Mews and found packet of 13 coins (produced) separately wrapped in tissue paper, lying in an empty orange box. MARY ANN BRIGGS, 50, Pelerine Road, Stoke Newington. In September last prisoners rented three rooms on my ground floor at 9s. a week in the name of Mr. and Mrs. Parker. They lived there till April 20. Latch-key (produced) is mine. I have not taken any plaster of paris or metal into that room. I did not go in there from March 11 to May 1. To Barton. You did not usually lock the rooms up when you went out. I used to go in to look after the fire. Police-sergeant HENBY M'KENNA, J Division. On April 21, in company with Sergeant Handcock, I searched the kitchen at 50, Pelerin Road, and found saucepan containing piece of white metal and coins, brown paper parcel of white metal, file, a tin of plaster of paris; in the bedroom we found 16 cakes of soap (all produced). ANNIE ROSE, matron at South Fulham Police Station. On April 20 I searched the female prisoner and found on her one cake of soap, a black hand-bag containing purse with three florins 10 shillings, 12 sixpences, three pennies, and a cake of soap (produced). She said to me, "I am quite innocent of it; I did not know the money was bad. I had no need to do it, as I have an income of  1 a week." SIDNEY WILLIAM SMITH, Assistant Assayer, H.M. Mint. The coins produced by Day and Police-constable Benham are counterfeit florins. Packet produced by Police-sergeant Jones contains 13 counterfeit florins, seven of which were made from the same mould as the coin produced by Day, and the remaining six are from the same mould as florin produced by Benham. The articles produced by Police-sergeant M'Kenna are used by coiners. Prisoners' statements before the magistrate: Barton, "I know nothing about the 14 coins found in the coach house; I am not guilty." Parker, "I am not guilty, and reserve my defence." ROBERT BARTON (prisoner, not on oath). The packet of counterfeit coin which was found in my rooms was given to me by a bookmaker as security for a bet I had with him. I had the plaster of paris in order to mend an ornament I broke. I have never been in prison before, and I have a 15 years' character. Mr. Wilkinson stated that inquiries had been made which showed that Barton's statement with regard to his character was correct; he had been in one employment for 15 years. Letters from Barton's employers were read, giving him a good character." He left last year of his own accord." GRACE PARKER (prisoner, not on oath). I have never been in any trouble before. I was not aware that the money was bad; if I had I should not have passed it; I did not need to do it, as I had a  1 a week allowed me for myself and 10s. expenses. Mr. Barton gave me the money. Verdict (both), Guilty. Sentences: Barton, Nine mouths' hard labour; Parker, Six months' hard labour. GIBBS, John (24, packer), feloniously wounding Rose Gertrude Gibbs with intent to murder her; second count, with intent to do her grievous bodily harm. Mr. Ernest Walsh prosecuted. Police-constable JOHN FEBER, 425 C. At 8.12 a.m. on April 10 I was on duty in Hoxton and heard a police whistle. I went to Bacchus Walk and saw a woman lying on the footpath bleeding from a wound in the right side of the neck; prisoner was standing over her. I attended to her injury and sent for a doctor. I then turned to prisoner, and said, "What do you know about this?. He said, "I did it, governor, it is all her own fault, she left me; I promised her it. Now she has got it. May I help you to take her to the hospital. I asked him what he did it with, and he produced this razor. It was a broken razor. I took him to the station. When charged he made no reply. Cross-examined by prisoner. I am positive you said, "I promised her it," GEORGE HEATHFIELD, general dealer, 18, Bacchus Walk, Hoxton. On April 10 I was in Bacchus Walk and saw prisoner standing at the corner. I saw a young woman I now know to be his wife come round the corner. They seemed to embrace one another, and both fell to the ground. I saw something bright in prisoner's hand. I ran towards him; when half way I saw him get up. I thought it was only a love affair or some thing of that, and so stopped. Afterwards I saw prisoner hit the woman with his left hand and knock her to the ground. I went up to him and said, "You have done it, then!. He said, "Yes, fetch a policeman. I saw the woman's throat was cut on the right side. I went to find a policeman. Prisoner was quite sober, I thought. The woman screamed, that is why I ran to the spot. When I went for the policeman I left prisoner with the woman. He said, "Fetch a policeman, it will be all right. I said to some men at the corner, "See he don't get away." To prisoner. I saw that you struck a blow. WILLIAM COVENTRY, 62, High Road, Hoxton. On April 10, about 8 a.m., I was at the corner of Bacchus Walk, Hoxton. I saw a young woman come down Hoxton Street, and prisoner rushed round into Hoxton Street. He embraced the woman, and then fetched a bright thing across her throat; he had hold of her with his left hand round her neck. After he did the damage I saw him holding the razor at his side. I rushed up, and prisoner said, "You go away or you will get some too. I saw the woman fall to the ground. Prisoner knelt down and kissed the woman, lifting her head up. I was there all the time but I did not see him strike her with his fist. GEORGE FOGETTY, medical practitioner, Shoreditch Infirmary. Mrs. Gibbs was admitted to the infirmary on April 10 with a wound on the right side of the neck, about four inches long; there was a jag in the middle of it; there was a second wound just in front of the throat, about an inch long; the superficial layer of the muscle running from the neck to the clavicle was cut and the wound was immediately over the big neck blood-vessel. It was dangerous on account of its position; had it been a quarter of an inch nearer the blood-vessel it would have been fatal. On May 11, when I saw her last, the wound was perfectly healed, except that there was a certain amount of scarring. ROSE GERTRUDE GIBBS, show-card cutter, 40, Essex Road, E. I married prisoner last Easter twelvemonth. He is a packing-case maker by trade. I separated from him the Thursday before Easter last. On April 10 I was going down Bacchus Walk about 8 a.m. when my husband came behind me and caught hold of the back of my coat. There was a struggle and I fell down; I next felt a sharp instrument on my neck. I gripped it and then let go; it cut my fingers. He walked away and I got up. Some men were standing near; I asked them to help me; they made no reply. I then walked a little way, when prisoner came and took my arm. I fell down a second time. He held my head up and kissed me, saying, "Why did you give me over, Rose?. He asked a man standing by to get water and fetch a policeman. A policeman came and did my neck up. My husband said, "I did it and there is the razor. Don't blow your whistle, I shan't run away; I will help you to take her to the hospital. I was in a state of collapse. I was put on a barrow and taken to the infirmary. On the Thursday before Easter I left prisoner, having had a quarrel. I went to work and did not go back to him any more. The quarrel was about a lot of things, his being out of work and one thing and another. He had only done one week's work from February last year; I had kept him all that time. He left the Army in February, 1911. When I left my husband I went to my mother's place. He called there twice and tried to speak to me; they pushed him out of the room. (Defence.) JAMES GIBBS, shoemaker, prisoner's father. If the prisoner's wife's mother had never interfered with him there would have been no quarrel. JOHN GIBBS (prisoner, not on oath). This trouble has been caused solely through my wife leaving me like she did and not taking the home with her. On Thursday, April 4, we had a row; what started it I don't remember. It was generally about me being out of work. I was out all this day looking for work, and when I returned home at night I found the place empty and everything taken away. I was very much upset and did not know what to do. I went round to my wife's mother's place, but I had no sooner entered the room, in which there were four or five women and also my wife, when I was shoved out again. I wanted an explanation off my wife, so I went round there again. When I got there the door was shut in my face. My wife going away like this had left me without a lodging, so I went round to my people's place and stopped there. On April 10 I went out to look for a job. As I went out I noticed a razor lying on the box. I put it in my pocket, though what for I don't know, as I had no intention of doing anything with it whatever. While I was out I thought I would call round the way my wife went to work and ask her for an explanation. As soon as I saw her, being excited, I lost control over myself, and then happened. When I saw my wife on the ground I was very sorry for what I had done, and tried to stop the bleeding. When a policeman came up I gave myself in charge. I had been out of work a year, and there seemed no prospect of my getting any, so I suppose that is why my wife left me. If she had not left me like she did this would not have happened. Verdict, Guilty of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm. MRS. GIBBS (recalled). Prisoner has often knocked me about when we have quarrelled. I cut his head and face open with a jug once in self-defence. He had never cut me before the occurrence in question. He has hit me with his fist. I am 25 yeans old. Detective-inspector WILLIAM BURNHAM. From June, 1902, to June, 1906, prisoner worked in the City at a paper maker's as a porter; whilst there he had a good character. He joined the Army on June 26. 1906. The first offence recorded against him is on July 6, 1907, five days confined in barracks. Next on November 20, 1907, desertion, 28 days' detention; May 4, 1909, striking his superior officer, sir months' hard labour. There are various other offences against him. On July 28, 1910, he was convicted of highway robbery with violence, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment. He was afterwards sent to England and discharged from the Army with ignominy. Prisoner. I committed the highway robbery with the idea of getting home out of the Army in India to get married; I was not married at the time. Sentence: Four years' penal servitude. FITZGIBBONS, George (47, agent), was indicted for, and charged on the Coroner's inquisition with, the wilful murder of Annie Fitzgibboins. Mr. Bodkin, Mr. Percival Clarke, and Mr. Roome prosecuted; Mr. Vesey Fitz Gerald and Mr. Tully-Christie defended. Police-constable PERCY ATTERSOLE, 266 C, proved a plan for use in the case. CORNELIUS HOLLAND, 40, Harper Street, W.C. I know prisoner and knew his wife, the deceased. On Sunday night, April 28., I saw them between 10 and 11 in the "Turk's Head," East Street, Theobald's Road; they had been drinking, but did not appear to be drunk. They were on quite friendly terms. I stayed with them till closing time, and then went with them to 10, Harper Street, Mrs. O'Keith's. We got there between 11.30 and 11.40. Prisoner and his wife were quite friendly and happy together. As they left, the wife said to prisoner, "Come on, George, think of your work in the morning. He replied, "All right, my girl. The wife went out first, followed by prisoner. As he went he said to me, "I am heartbroken at the thoughts of losing my girl, she was 14 years of age, and she died a fortnight ago. During the whole time prisoner and his wife were in my company there was no sign of any ill-feeling between them. MARY ANN O'KEITH, 10, Harper Street, W.C. I know prisoner and knew his wife. They came to to my house on April 28, soon after 11 p.m., and left between 11.30 and 11.50. They had no drink while with me. They were quite friendly together. Neither of them appeared to be the worse for drink. They were on quite friendly terms with one another. RICHARD FITZGIBBONS, porter, 6, Ormond Yard. I remember Sunday, April 28 last. My father (prisoner), mother, two brothers, two sisters and myself were then living together at 6, Ormond Yard, on the first floor. In the kitchen is a bed on which my sisters Mary, Nellie, and brother Patrick slept. I occupied the smaller of the two beds in the bedroom; my mother and father and brother James occupied the larger bed. We took our meals in the kitchen. Mother washed in the third room. I went out that day about 5 p.m. Mother was at home; father had gone out. I got back at 11.15. All the family were in and had gone to bed except father and mother. I went to bed directly and went to sleep. I was awakened by a scream. I saw my mother in a half lying, half sitting position on the floor near my bed, that is between the two beds; she was bleeding from the right breast; she was dressed in a chemise. There was a gas light in the room. I slipped on my trousers, intending to go for a policeman or a doctor. I saw father by the right-hand side of the fireplace of the kitchen, and he said, "I have done it," or something to that effect. He was in his trousers, boots, socks, and shirt. I went downstairs and fetched a policeman. On our way back we met father in Ormond Yard; we all went back to the house. Father and mother lived on friendly terms, but they quarrelled occasionally. Mother took to drinking just after my sister died, about April 2 last. Father took a little drink. The bruises on my mother discovered by the doctor were inflicted 10 or 14 davs before; I did not see them inflicted. Cross-examined. I did not notice where the chair was that is marked on the plan. I saw blood running from the bedroom into the kitchen. Father might have said, "I have done something."I do not remember what it was. On this Sunday they were friendly together. Father had worried over sister's death, mother as well. I have seen mother taking too much to drink, but not drunk; she then got very obstinate. She jawed father when in drink. Re-examined. Before being awakened by the scream I had heard no jawing or nagging not on that day at all. MARY FITZGIBBONS, prisoner's eldest daughter. On April 28 I went out at 6.30 p.m., leaving mother at home; father was out. I got home about 10.40 and had supper. Father and mother were out. I went to bed in the kitchen. I woke up hearing a scream from the adjoining room. I got out of bed and ran into the other room and there saw mother in a half-kneeling half-lying position on the floor by my brother's bed. I ran for some water. I came back and went to bathe mother, when she turned, and her head fell under the bed, knocking the water out of my hand. I tried to raise her, but had not enough strength. I went for some more water. When I came back the police were there, and they would not let me go in the room. This knife was generally kept on the table; I left it there. When I went into the kitchen for some water I saw father there. He muttered something, I could not catch what. Cross-examined. When I awoke the door between the kitchen and father's room was open. I did not notice the chair by the door. I used the knife for my supper, and left it for father and mother to use for their supper. There was food on the table. Father and mother lived on very friendly terms. Mother seldom took too much to drink, only since my sister died; since then she did not seem in her right frame of mind; she was very aggravating and annoying. Police-constable GEORGE WHITMARSH, 289 E. On April 29, about 12.35 a.m., Richard Fitzgibbons came and spoke to me and I went with him to 6, Ormond Yard. On the way there we met prisoner. He said, "I've done it." We all went back to the house through the kitchen to the bedroom. I saw a woman lying on the floor, her head under the bed on the left-hand side of the room and her legs in a cramped position facing the bed on the opposite side. She had a gaping wound on the right breast and a deep cut on the right wrist. She was wearing only a chemise, which was saturated with blood. She was breathing slightly, but apparently dying. I called for further police assistance and for a doctor. The bedclothes of the bed on the right hand side of the room were very much disarranged; there were bloodstains. Cross-examined. When I met prisoner he was very agitated and upset. I saw blood on the floor, in the kitchen and in the bedroom; it was running through the doorway. Re-examined. There was a little stream of blood; it had run through the doorway and formed a little pool just in the kitchen. It is not possible for the blood to have run from the kitchen to the bed-room; it had run from the bedroom to the kitchen. Police-constable PATRICK STANLEY, 336 E. At 12.40 a.m. on April 29, in response to a police whistle, I went to the first floor of 6, Ormond Yard, into the kitchen. I saw prisoner there; he was in his shirt sleeves, with trousers and boots on. As I entered he said, "I've done it; it can't be helped; you will find the knife somewhere." I found it on the kitchen table; it was wet with blood. While I was in charge of prisoner in the kitchen he fell from the chair on which he was sitting; he appeared to swoon, and his shirt sleeve went in some blood on the floor. I saw a line of blood on the floor; it came from the bed-room. Cross-examined. The blood could have flowed from the kitchen to the bedroom, but I should say it came from the back room, the bed-room. Prisoner when he fell off the chair seemed to be weak; he looked pale and upset. Re-examined. I should not think he was under the influence of drink. JOHN REES GABE, Divisional Surgeon. On April 29, shortly before 1 a.m., I was called to 6, Ormond Yard. I went into the back room on the first floor and saw a woman lying on her back with her face turned to the right side, her arm lying by her side. She was dead. Her head was under the left-hand side bed and her feet under the other bed. There was a good deal of blood on the floor, also on the sheets and blanket on the larger bed. I saw blood in the kitchen, but not so much as in the bedroom. I formed the opinion that it had come from where the body was in the back room. I found a cut on the right breast of the woman between the nipple and the collar bone, also 3 inches above the wrist, 2 1/2 inches across to the outside of the arm. She was dressed only in her chemise, which was saturated with blood. I made a post mortem on April 30. Death was due to the wound between the second and third rib passing from the right down to the centre of the chest; it had punctured the superior vena cava, the large vein which empties itself into the heart; it had caused hemorrhage into the right side of the chest and death resulted in five minutes, I should think. It was downwards and inwards. Considerable force had been used to inflict it. It could have been caused by this knife. I should say deceased was addicted to drink. Her liver weighed 81 ounces. Otherwise she was perfectly healthy. Detective-inspector WILLIAM GOUGH, E Division. I went to 6, Ormond Yard on the early morning of April 29 and there saw prisoner. I told him I should arrest him for the wilful murder of his wife, cautioning him. He made an incoherent statement which I wrote down at the time. He was agitated. I was not sure then whether he was under the influence of drink, but at the police station an hour afterwards I thought he was not. His statement was: "I don't know how it was, but she would nag, nag, nag. We had our supper together and from that I know no more. The knife and mutton was on the table and I don't know no more than the nagging, that is the truth." Then he immediately said, "Mr. Gough, can I see my children before I go? It was not done with any murderous intent." He was taken to the police station and charged with the wilful murder of his wife. He said, "I wish you, Mr. Gough, to go to the wake at No. 10, Harper Street, and see how we left in friendship I and my wife. There was no row. When we got home the children were all in bed and my wife and I had supper together. As we were sitting she returned to the nag, nag, nag. We cut the bread up with the knife and it was always used for everything. My John picked the knife upon Waterloo Bridge seven or eight years ago. He is now in New South Wales, Dreadnought Farm, Sydney." Cross-examined. There was blood on the floor between the two beds. On the table I saw some mutton and bread. I should not say prisoner was very agitated; he was distressed. Prisoner's statement before the Magistrate: "I should like to make no statement at all. I have no witness I wish to call to-day. I wish to give the names of witnesses. (Defence.) GEORGE FITZGIBBONS (prisoner, on oath), scene-shifter, Drury Lane Theatre, 6, Ormond Yard, Great Ormond Street, W.C. On April 28 I was with my wife in the "Turk's Head" up to closing time. I was I friendly with her during that time. About 11.10 or 11.15 we went to a friend of mine who had a wake. We left there between 12.30 and 12.45, it may be 11.30. My wife and I got home at 12.20 or 11.40. We had our supper in peace. I sat with my back to the bedroom on a chair. My wife was the other side of the table at that time. I took my coat and waistcoat off and my missis undressed herself bar the stockings in the kitchen. She pointed to a picture (as far as I can remember) of my son and exclaimed, "You sent him out of the country," or "You forced him out of the country," or something to that effect. I said, "He has gone and he has gone for the best; I have had to put  1 in the Post Office Bank towards his fare and had to stand security for  8 for him." I continued my supper. She turned into bed. My back was to the bedroom at the time. She seemed to come from the back of me; I had the knife in my hand cutting the meat. As she came to me I said, "Get out of the way, stop the nagging." My knife must have struck her. She went into the other room and screamed. Then the police came and arrested me. I had no intention of murdering my wife.; I wag too fond of her. Cross-examined. I can imagine it was nothing more than an accident. As I turned, the knife caught her. It was not in my mind to murder her. I was eating my grub at the time. I was a long way from being sober. When I realised what had happened my senses seemed to leave me. The knife must have caught her with a good hard swing. I had no opportunity of helping her, my children were too quick, and when the police came they would not let me into the room. I went to help. I was using the knife to eat my supper with. We had smaller knives. I do not remember if I had a smaller knife and put it down and picked up the other one; I should tell a lie if I said I remember. Re-examined. I was cutting some mutton just before my wife leaned over me; I may have put the knife down and picked it up again. Verdict, Guilty of Wilful Murder, with a strong recommendation to mercy. Sentence: Death. RYE, Sidney (20, greengrocer), pleaded guilty of carnally knowing Mildred Rye, a girl under the age of thirteen. Sentence (May 16): Three years' detention in a Borstal Institution. BEFORE THE RECORDER. (Wednesday, May 15.) WAI, Ah (40, fireman), KUNE, Ah (32, fireman), FOOK, Cheong (29, fireman), GUNG, Ah (25, fireman), pleaded guilty (through an interpreter) of feloniously wounding Ah Loy with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm. Mr. Abinger prosecuted; Mr. Huntly Jenkins defended. Mr. Huntly Jenkins stated that this was a similar case to that of Chang Hop and Ah Kou at the last session (see page 86). The Recorder asked if these Chinamen were prepared to leave the country, and was told by the Interpreter that they were quite willing to do so. Mr. Abinger said this was a very different case from the previous one, which arose out of a feud between two rival societies. In this case the prosecutor was a member of no society, and there had been a murderous attack on him, in which hatchets, hammers, knives and pocketfuls of pepper were used. The Recorder observed that we had plenty of criminals of our own, and suggested it would be better to get them out of the country. The best course would be for him to postpone the whole matter till next session. Prisoners would remain in custody. In the meantime Mr. Abinger could furnish him with any other information relating to the charge, and the memorandum would be forwarded to the Secretary of State with a view to deportation. The Chinaman who had been responsible for getting his countrymen out of this country on the previous occasion must attend next session, and he would deal with the case on the first day. PARROTT, John Henry (28, engineer), and LANE, Frederick (34, commission agent), pleaded guilty of forging and uttering, knowing the same to be forged, two orders for the payment of  4 5s. and  2 7s. respectively, in each case with intent to defraud. Each prisoner confessed to a previous conviction and many others were proved. Parrott had been in hospital suffering from a poisoned foot, and in the meantime it was found that Lane had been concerned with another man in committing larceny, for which offence he was sentenced at Middlesex Sessions to three years' penal servitude with the further sentence of five years' preventive detention as a habitual criminal; the fact that he was to take his trial with Parrott on the present charge was then taken into account. Sentences: Lane, Three years' penal servitude and five years' preventive detention, to run concurrently with the sentences passed at Middlesex Sessions; Parrott, Three years' penal servitude; the Recorder, at the request of Parrott, taking into account a charge pending against him at the Surrey Sessions. SMITH, James (41, telegraphist), and FENTON, Horace (22, writer), pleaded guilty of burglary in the dwelling-house of William Henry Cross and stealing therein a case of knives and forks and other articles, his goods. Many previous convictions were proved against Smith and one against Fenton. Sentences: Smith, Three years' penal servitude (the Recorder remarking that he was dealing with him as a habitual criminal); Fenton, Eighteen months' hard labour. ANDREWS, Archibald (21, agent), obtaining by false pretences from Barnet Levy 10s. 7 1/2 d., from Frederick Harwood 4s. 2d., and from Albert Quick 13s. 5d., in each case with intent to defraud. Mr. Clement C. Gattey prosecuted. LOUIS ALFRED PANTLIN, surveyor, 54, Lower Thames Street. On March 2 prisoner came to my office and said he wanted a small office in the building. I showed him two offices, one at a rental of  18, and he said he would like to take it. I told him the landlord would require very satisfactory references and he referred me to a Mr. Friend, of 18, Greenfield Road, Stratford. The reply was very satisfactory, and on the strength of the reference I let prisoner the office. He entered into possession on May 8. He said he was an art publisher and printer, but he did nothing to show that he was carrying on business at that address. The name he had painted on the door was "Malcolm Campbell and Company." I did not see any business done there. The only furniture was a table and two chairs which he was going to buy from me. I saw no books or anything in the nature of what an art publisher might deal in. He only came there for about three or four days and then suddenly stopped coming. Serious complaints began to come in and I sent him a registered letter on March 19. He replied by postcard, "Please forward any letters you may have for me so that I can clear up any complaints." I did not forward any letters. On March 22 I wrote him a letter cancelling the tenancy, but I did not register it, and I received no reply. Cross-examined by prisoner. I never saw date books and pocket books displayed on the shelf; if they had been there I was bound to see them. If I said at the police court that the letter of March 22 was registered it is a mistake. BARNET LEVY, tobacconist, 106, Mile End Road. Early in March prisoner came to my shop and presented a card. He said he represented Vivian Mansell and Co. I said I did not want anything and asked him to call later on. About a week later he called and I gave him an order for 15 gross of half-ounce cigarette boxes at 10d. a gross. He asked for a deposit and I gave him 5s., which left 7s. 6d. due. Then he said if I would give him the balance he would allow me 10 per cent. I agreed to do so if he would give me a trade reference. He went out and came back with a reference on the bill head of Mr. A. Gold, wholesale tobacconists and cigar merchants. I gave him the balance which, less 10 per cent., brought the amount to 10s. 7 1/2 d. I should not have paid him unless I believed that letter came from Mr. Gold. I wanted some goods about a week later, and I wrote to Vivian Mansell and Co. and got a reply from them. Then I wrote to Malcolm Campbell and Co., in Lower Thames Street, and I got no reply at all. To Prisoner. When I gave you the order you did not mention Mansell's, but I was under the impression that you still represented them. I took you to be a genuine man after you brought me the reference.   MARSHALL, manager for Vivian Mansell and Co., Silk Street. Prisoner represented us from July 15 to August 22, 1911. He was not doing very well and we found we could dispense with his services. We asked him to return our traveller's bag and the samples of calendars and cards, but he did not do so. ALBERT QUICK, grocer, 49, Holloway Road, N. About March 14 or 15 prisoner came to my shop and asked me for orders for Malcolm Campbell and Co., of 54, Lower Thames Street. I ordered 28 lb. of tea papers and 2,000 boxes. He asked for a deposit, but I did not give him one. He came back to days afterwards and said he had not quoted enough for the boxes, they ought to be 14s. 6d. instead of 13s. 6d., but if I could pay him then I could have delivery in four days and he would allow me 10 per cent. discount. I paid him 13s. 5d. I waited four days and then wrote to him and got a reply. I waited another ten days and the goods did not arrive and I wrote again. I received a reply, but saw no more of prisoner nor of the goods. FREDERICK HARWOOD, confectioner, 127, High Road, Willesden Green. Prisoner came to my shop on April 18 and asked me if I could do with any boxes as he was representing the firm of Malcolm Campbell and Co., and his prices were much cheaper than any other firm. The order was for 5,000 boxes and the total cost was 4s. 7d. He offered me 10 per cent. discount if I paid then, and I did so. He told me I should have the goods on April 22, but I did not receive them. I went up to the address given but did not see prisoner. Detective-sergeant GEORGE WESTON, H Division. I arrested prisoner on a warrant on April 22. I read the warrant charging him with obtaining 10s. 7 1/2 d. from Mr. Levy, and he asked, "Is that false pretence?" I said "Yes." He then said, "Is that the only one?" I said, "No, there will be other charges of a similar nature preferred against you." He then said, "I will tell you what I have been doing. I have been taking orders and receiving deposits, and as I knew I could not complete the orders without capital I have been paying some of them back with what I got from other people. You won't want a remand, will you? I want to get it over. I think I owe about 10 people the same. I will pay Levy if he will let me. He could not have made this fraud if I had not presented Mansell's card." (Defence.) ARCHIBALD ANDREWS (prisoner, on oath). Early in March of this year I started business and tried to work up a connection. My object was to canvass for orders and get them executed by the trade. I goon found that to open up a city office required more capital than I had. When I had had an office for about a month I found myself in difficulties. In some cases I executed the orders, and in other cases I returned the deposits. About two weeks before I was arrested I felt I would never be able to make the business pay, and that the more orders I took the more trouble it would be. With this idea I started to clear the deposits up, and I wrote to every customer stating that I should be calling on him on the following Wednesday to return his deposit. Quick had one of those cards. I am quite willing to refund the deposits to-day before I leave the Court. I swear I did not take the deposits knowingly by false pretences. If the case is in my favour I will return the prosecutors their deposits as soon as I am free and I will also promise to give up the business altogether and work under a master. The address I gave to my customer was a genuine one, and I cannot see that I have done anything by false pretences. Verdict, Guilty, "but we strongly recommended him to mercy as we have no evidence of any previous conviction." The Recorder. Perhaps you will recall that when you hear that he has been seven times previously convicted for fraud. Detective James Pitchley, K Division, gave prisoner a very bad character, and said his father did all he could for him each time he came out of prison, but all to no purpose. Sentence: Eighteen months' hard labour. FILBEY, Albert (30, labourer), pleaded guilty of feloniously causing grievous bodily harm to Henry Allerton, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm. It was stated that Allerton owed prisoner 6d. as balance for a day's work, and the latter struck Allerton about the head with a heavy iron bar. Sentence: Fifteen months' hard labour, the Recorder stating that it was a moat unprovoked assault on an old man. BURDEN, Louis William (30, manager), pleaded guilty of feloniously marrying Margaret Pegden, his former wife being then alive. It was stated that Burden last year, when a barman, made the acquarantance of Pegden and, becoming familiar, married her in January of this year. He was given an excellent character. Prisoner, who had been in custody for six weeks, was sentenced to Two days' imprisonment, entitling him to be immediately discharged. BEFORE THE COMMON SERJEANT. (Wednesday, May 15.) CHABY, Thomas (64, sailor), pleaded guilty of unlawfully wounding Frederick Roberts. Sentence: Six months' hard labour. McLEOD, Peter (41, blockcutter), unlawfully uttering counterfeit coin; unlawfully uttering counterfeit coin twice within 10 days. Mr. Beaumont Morice prosecuted. JAMES MELLOR, barman "Swiss Cottage" public-house, South Hackney. On April 13 about 7 p.m. prisoner came in with a friend. I knew him as a customer. He called for two glasses of ale, putting a 2s. piece on the counter. The coin did not seem good, so I put it in a glass by itself till I saw the guv'nor. I gave prisoner ls. 10d. change. The guv'nor tested the coin with acid and it turned black. PETER ROSS, barman, "Swiss Cottage" On May 3 about 2 p.m. prisoner asked for a glass of ale, tendering a 2s. piece, which I tested and found was bad. I told him it was bad and he put down a penny and wanted to go away. I then told the guv'nor, who sent for the police. ROBERT BENNOTTO, licensee of "Swiss Cottage." On May 3 I saw prisoner being served. Ross brought me the bad 2s. piece tendered by prisoner. I sent for the police and he was charged. Verdict, Guilty. On July 27, 1908, at Norfolk Petty Sessions, prisoner was fined 5s. or seven days for stealing goods exposed for sale. Sentence: Four months' hard labour. TURNER, Joseph (43, hawker), and WESTFALL, Edward Ernest (40, hawker), pleaded guilty of feloniously robbing Thomas Henry Price and stealing from him one purse and 13s., his goods and moneys. Turner was further indicted for that he is a habitual criminal. Proof was given of service of the statutory notice upon prisoner of the following convictions: Thames Police Court, November 10, 1904 (in the name of Joseph Vincent), three months' hard labour for stealing knives; October 17, 1905, two years' hard labour and three years' police supervision, St. Albans Quarter Sessions (in the name of Joseph Watts), for stealing a watch; January 7, 1908, four years' penal servitude for possessing and uttering counterfeit coin (in the name of Joseph Turner); January 24, 1911, six months' hard labour under the Prevention of Crimes Act, and licence revoked. Verdict, Guilty. Turner confessed to a previous conviction at this Court on January 7, 1908, of possessing counterfeit coin. Fifteen other convictions were proved. Westfall confessed to a previous conviction at the South London Sessions on April 20, 1904, of larceny from the person. Sixteen other convictions were proved. Sentences: Turner, Three years' penal servitude and Five years' preventive detention; Westfall, Four years' penal servitude. SHARATT, George Richard (20, carman), and BEVAN, John (20, soldier), feloniously causing grievous bodily harm to Thomas Piggott, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm. Mr. Travers Humphreys prosecuted. Police-constable THOMAS PIGGOTT, Y Division. On November 15 at 1.45 a.m. I was on duty in Holloway Road when a woman came up and complained of Sharatt following her. I spoke to Sharatt, he had been drinking. He put himself in a fighting attitude and struck at me. I told him I should take him into custody. He became very violent and we both fell to the ground. Bevan then came up, struck me three times on the head and jumped on my right leg. I heard Bevan say, "Get up, George, run, the bleeder's down." Prisoner then ran away. I was taken to the Great Northern Hospital. Cross-examined by Sharatt. You were very violent for about ten minutes. Cross-examined by Bevan. I turned round and saw you deliberately jump on me. You were in civilian clothes at the time. Dr. BULGER, Divisional Surgeon of Police. On November 15 I saw Police-constable Piggott, and found his right leg was broken in two places. The injuries might be caused by a man jumping on his ankle. He is still unfit for duty. Sergeant HENRY CLEVERLY, Y Division. On May 3 I arrested Sharatt at Ponders End and charged him with this offence. He said, "All right, I'm glad you've come, it will soon be over now." Police-constable GEORGE HYDE, Y Division. On May 4 I arrested Bevan at Colchester. Upon the warrant being read to him he replied, "All right." LOTTIE HARVEY, an unfortunate, corroborated Constable Piggott as to the assault. (Defence.) GEORGE RICHARD SHARATT (prisoner, on oath). I am very sorry that this ever occurred, and I am very sorry that the constable got injured. I never injured him in any way. Lottie Harvey asked me to interfere with her. I refused and told her off in a quiet sort of way. She said, "I'll go over to the constable and tell him what you say." I said, "If you go over I'll follow you and tell him all about you." The constable said to me, "You go home and let the woman alone." I said I had not interfered with her. He then got hold of me to arrest me. I went to run away but slipped and fell towards the pavement with the constable on top of me. He had his knees in the middle of my back. I then said, "Come on, Jack," but I never see Bevan come across the road, as I had my face downwards. The constable released me, and I got up and ran away. Cross-examined. I had had a couple of drinks, but was not drunk. JOHN BEVAN (prisoner, on oath). I am now in the Lancashire Regiment. On the night in question I had had a drop of drink. I was in Holloway Road and saw Sharatt struggling with the constable. Sharatt get on top of the policeman, I pulled him off and we both ran away. Cross-examined. I did not know the woman Harvey. I went across the road to help Sharatt. I never jumped on the constable's leg nor did I see Sharatt do so. Verdict (both), Guilty. A previous conviction for assaulting a constable was proved against Sharatt. Sentences: Sharatt, Four months' hard labour. Bevan, Three months' imprisonment, second division. WHITE, John Charles (43, labourer), and DODS, James Walley (32, silversmith), pleaded guilty of breaking and entering the ware-house of Siegmund Hildesheimer and Company, Limited, and stealing therein a number of postage stamps and other articles, their goods: breaking and entering the warehouse of Frederick William Evans, with intent to steal therein. White confessed to a previous conviction at the North London Sessions on August 10, 1909, with a sentence of three years' penal servitude; numerous other convictions were proved, prisoner being still on licence. Dods confessed to a previous conviction on January 18, 1910, for housebreaking, with a sentence of 18 months' hard labour. Sentences: White, Four years' penal servitude; Dods, Three years' penal servitude. MONTIER, Joseph (21, labourer), and HUDSON, George (25, labourer), robbing with violence Eric Palm and stealing from him the sum of  3 10s., his moneys. Mr. Ernest Walsh prosecuted; Mr. Arthur Bryan defended. ERIC PALM. I am a Swede and a sailor. In April I was stopping at the Sailors' Home, London Docks, having been paid off on the 16th. I had  14 when I went there. On April 22, in the evening, I had a little too much to drink and went out with about  2 10s. in my possession. I met prisoners on the street first. I took them to the "Two Crowns" public-house and bought them and other men drinks. I went to the back yard, Montier followed, and whilst there wanted me to lend him half-a-crown. I said I would not do that but would give him 2s. Some one then struck me from the back: I did not see who. Another man got hold of my arms and throat and struck me several times about the face. Montier I saw had a knife in his hand, cleaning his fingers; he said, "For another word I'll cut your throat." My finger was cut with the knife. Cross-examined. I am certain I changed a sovereign in the public-house. I invited Montier into the public-house. Hudson followed and I paid for drinks. I don't remember whether Hudson followed me into the yard, but am quite sure about Montier. JOHN WHITE, caretaker of the Sailors' Home, 16, Well Street, E. About midnight on April 22 I heard cries of "Murder" I rushed out and saw six men altogether, one was Montier. Two men were on the ground. One got up and ran away and I took chase; he was not one of the prisoners. Prosecutor was bleeding from the nose, mouth, and hand. I am absolutely certain that Montier was there, although not absolutely sure with regard to Hudson. Cross-examined. It would be 250 or 300 yards from the yard to the beershop. Two constables followed into the public-house and brought out Montier and Hudson. With regard to Hudson I did say at the police court, "I did pick out another man for you, but at once saw my mistake." I would not swear to Hudson but will swear that Montier was there. (Thursday, May 16.) Police-constable NELSON GOGLE, 139 H. Between 12 and 1 o'clock a.m. on April 23 I was called to Shorter Street, about 40 or 50 yards from the Sailors' Home, and found prosecutor bleeding from the mouth and nose. He was intoxicated, but knew what he was doing. I went with him to the "Two Crowns" beer-house, when he identified prisoners as the men who had assaulted and robbed him. Constable Strang was with me. I arrested Hudson and Strang arrested Montier. On the way to the station Hudson broke out of my custody. Cross-examined. Hudson went to the station two days later on another matter and was then arrested for his offence. When I picked him out he did not deny the charge. Police-constable JOHN STRANG, 244 H, corroborated. Detective-sergeant HARRY JEFFERY, H Division. On April 24 at 9 o'clock p.m. Hudson came to the station on some business and was told he would be detained on the present charge. He said, "I shall deny the charge." Police-constable SIDNEY GRAHAM, 446 H, gave similar evidence. (Defence.) JOSEPH MONTIER (prisoner, on oath). I am a gasfitter's labourer. On the night of this robbery I was in the "Two Crowns" public-house about 10.15 and did not leave the house till I was arrested. I was playing darts with another chap, Joseph Cornell. It is not true that prosecutor met me in the street and invited me to have a drink. I never saw him till I was arrested. Cross-examined. I am not familiar with the ways of sailors. I was playing darts with Cornell for three-quarters of an hour. I was not one of the men running away. I never drink intoxicating drinks. I did not borrow 6d. off Cornell and was not hard up. JOSEPH CORNELL, fish porter. On the night of April 22 I went to the "Two Crowns" at about a quarter to 11 and left about 1/4 to 12. Montier was there all the time. Cross-examined. It would be quite untrue to say that I was playing darts with Montier; I played with Edward Cartwright. I gave Montier 6d. for a night's lodging. JOHN HILL, licensee of the "Two Crowns," Shorter Street. I remember the night of this robbery. I was serving in the bar. Montier was in my house 30 to 40 minutes before his arrest. I did not see prosecutor in my house that night until he came with the policeman. Cross-examined. I also saw Hudson in my house on the night of the robbery. He had also been there from 30 to 40 minutes before being arrested. Verdict (both), Guilty. Hudson confessed to having been convicted at this Court on December 8, 1908, of felony. Several previous convictions were proved against both prisoners. Montier was stated to be an associate of thieves and becoming a very dangerous and violent criminal. Sentence (each prisoner): Eighteen months' hard labour. BEFORE JUDGE RENTOUL. (Wednesday, May 15.) CORNELL, Herbert (38, jeweller's clerk), and EDWARDSSELLETT,Thos. Joseph (42, engineer), stealing 10 hats, two pieces of ribbon and other articles, the goods of Woolley, Sanders and Company, Limited, the masters of Edwards-Sellett; stealing one hat, the goods of the said company, the masters of Edwards-Sellett. Edwards-Sellett pleading Guilty. Cornell was tried on the first indictment. Mr. Kingsbury prosecuted; Mr. Purcell defended. Detective GEORGE BEALE, City. I was on duty about ten feet away from 127, Cheapside, at about 9.15 a.m. on March 26, when I saw Cornell standing by the door in a suspicious manner. He was rather bulky under his coat. He went off rather hurriedly. I followed and stopped him and said, "What have you got there?" He said, "A hat which I bought from a man up the street at Woolley and Sanders." It was not in paper. This is the hat (produced). I told him I was a police officer and should take him. I returned with him to Woolley and Sanders and had a conversation with the manager. Later in the day I told Cornell of the conversation and asked him if he had anything more at his house. He said, "No; I have nothing." At the police station prisoners were confronted. Cornell said he had the things found by Sergeant Gale at his house from Edwards-Sellett, and that he had bought them at different times. Cross-examined. The hat Cornell was carrying in the street was under his overcoat. He told me directly where he got it from. I understand he has been for 17 years in the employ of Kendall and Dent, jewellers, where he has had charge of the counting house and the keys. I am certain he said he had nothing else at home. Detective-sergeant GEORGE GALE, City. I saw Cornell about 11 a.m. on March 26 at the police station. I told him I was a police officer and should go to his address. He said, "You will find one blue hat there; I have had nothing else." I went to his house with Mr. Stuart, secretary to Woolley and Sanders, where I found these articles (exhibit 3), ten ladies' and children's hat trimmed and untrimmed, two lengths of ribbon, three ladies' ties, two lengths of silk, six motor veils, three wings and one feather. They were in the first-floor front bedroom, some in boxes, some in a wardrobe, and some in dressing-table drawers. I brought them to Cloak Lane police station, where I showed them to Cornell. I said, "How do you account for the possession of these goods?" He said, "Yes; I got them from Edwards." meaning Edwards-Sellett. I said, "Have you any receipts?" He said, "No; I gave him goods and money for them." Edwards-Sellett was then brought in and confronted with Cornell. I said to the former, "These goods have been found at Cornell's address." I said to Cornell, "From whom did you buy these goods?" Cornell said, "From Edwards." Edwards-Sellett said, "That is quite right. I say the same about these goods as I said about the others; I swept them up in the rubbish." I pointed out the good condition they were in. Cross-examined. Mrs. Cornell brought some of the goods down and then I went up into the bedroom. Some of the things, which appeared to have been worn I did not bring away, and there was a doubt as to their identification. Cornell did not say he gave goods and no money to Edwards-Sellett for them. "When I spoke to him about the goods at his house I did not say, "Have you had anything else lately?" Re-examined. The hate that, had apparently been worn I did not know had come from Woolley and Sanders. FREDERICK ERNEST HARMAN. I am salesman at Woolley and Sanders, and have been in their employ for 25 years. It is not our practice to throw away hats at any time, unless they are past repair or torn. We sell them. We sell them, if damaged, at a reduced price, or send them back to the manufacturers to be put in condition. We have several factories in the country. The hat found under Cornell's coat is our make. It came in from our Luton factory on the morning of March 26. Some of these hats are 10s. 9d. each. I identify them. They are all registered. They (fate back to last autumn. They are all saleable. None of these had been sold to EdwardsSellett to my knowledge. All these ready-moneys came through me. Cross-examined. Three of these ten hats are shipping samples, and could only have got into Cornell's possession through Edwards-Sellett. I have no record of any sales to Edwards-Sellett. ARTHUR THOMAS FRANKLIN, salesman to Woolley and Sanders. Limited. I am chiefly concerned with silks and ribbons and matters of that kind, including motor veils and scarfs. When these wide silks came into stock they remained in these boards and when sold they are put into a different class of board. These silks had never been sold by my firm. They have private marks on them. There was a different mark to each number with the price of the silk. I identify the marks. We do not throw any goods like these away on the rubbish heap. These goods are in a perfectly saleable condition. These wings and feathers are identical with the things we keep. None of them were given or sold to Edwards-Sellett. Cross-examined. Some of these things have our printed labels and marks upon them; not the bulk of them. These are wholesale wrappers. I could prove they came from our firm. The silk ribbons have had their ends knocked off. The mark would be at the end of the roll. They came in with our mark on them from the manufactory. Nothing is done to them at our place in Cheapside. HENRY EDWIN STUART, secretary to Woolley and Sanders, Limited. I went with Sergeant Gale to prisoner's house. I saw that some of the articles had been worn. I have had the books searched from July 1 last year and no such goods have been sold to either of the prisoners.