28 BBW Seeking a friend 28 BBW Seeking a friend - 28 Southbay I'm just looking to connect with someone. Be able to have a convo with someone, that could turn into something more. I'm shy at first, but pretty open when I get to know a person. I like to hang with friends either going to bar or movies. If you are lookin for someone real I am her. Southbay! A Real man for a black woman A Real man for a black woman - 32 queens Please, do Read the entire ad then reply if interested I am looking for a single man between 27-39 years for fun moments, companionship, dating and more. Being single sucks and i need to change that Have your own place, drive, no kids,nonsmoker and honest live in ny so we can meet All races can reply but i prefer white or Latin male queens! looking for pure friend looking for pure friend - 25 new york hello Im 23. White brown eyes black hair. I have tattoos and piercings I like to have fun. I drink, I smoke. Looking for somebody to hang out with.. see where things go. I'm looking for a sexy white boy to settle down with. Somebody who is just as crazy as I am. Ages 21-30. Ask me anything you wanna know. Please send a pic new york! friends that can turn into an LTR.. lets take a chance friends that can turn into an LTR.. lets take a chance - 26 queens- brooklyn Looking for a cool down to earth guy that wouldnt mind being friends first hanging out and lets see what happens... Want to sail with me... lol... Not looking to jump in bed with anyone so if that is what you are looking for please by pass my add... indian female... From south america.. short,thick about 137lbs.. medium brown hair... So if your up for an adventure lets start it... Please no aisan indian or black men.. just my preference... queens- brooklyn! Kiss you miss you I am new... Kiss you miss you I am new... chicago I have been dating guys who really have no idea how to kiss which baffles me. I want someone who when they kiss me they will take my breath away, curl my toes and show me how much they want me and leave me wanting more. Please not looking for a wham bam thank you maam relationship. Give me a shout if you want to know more. chicago! In Search For The Perfect Package In Search For The Perfect Package - 38 Chicago Hey there! First I will tell you a little about me. I am petite with blonde hair and blue eyes, great smile and in great shape. 100 real. I am looking for a man that is around my age a few years younger or older is ok. Please be in great shape, a great smile, funny, great personality, and fun.. looking for something long-term hopefully leading to marriage and kids. If you believe you are The One I am looking for. Please include your recent pic with a little bit about yourself, and then let's hopefully meet. Thanks for reading my post, and looking forward to hearing from you. Chicago! want to make winter fun and meaningful want to make winter fun and meaningful - 42 chicago Anyone there has good idea and quality to make it happen? Lots of ppl know how to make it fun, Let's see if there is potential to make it meaningful at same time. :- Would be good to see ur pic, and know ur weight height and education background and ur current job. thanks chicago! Good woman looking for right man Good woman looking for right man - 22 chicago Looking for someone who enjoys laughing and having fun!! Someone who can carry on a conversation. Am 5'6 and nice body. I like anything outdoors. Not looking for a one night stand!!! Not looking for anyone over 42. I have kids, if you do that's a plus. But true in subject line... chicago! Searching today Searching today - 23 City of Chicago Trying to see what's out there hoping to find someone that can maybe have a connection with,I know cl isn't the way to go but nothing wrong in trying and hopefully meet someone that is looking for the same thing as me I'm laid back,like the simple things in life,music movies,laughing. Just the basics,I work full time so it makes it hard to meet anyone. Well I'll keep it short for now thanks. City of Chicago! Sexy gal begging Santa to bring me... Sexy gal begging Santa to bring me... - 35 A tall handsome SWM to unwrap and play with! Who knows where it may take us but for now looking for someone to enjoy good times with. Movies, dinner, evenings at home curled up? Please send me a picture face please and be single. Also only interested in males 28-38 years old. Thanks and happy holidays!! A Real man Knows A Real Woman When He Sees Her A Real man Knows A Real Woman When He Sees Her - 26 Chicago So, open ur eyes wide so u can see me Im a curvy woman,5'8, brown eyes, long brown hair. I like to dress fierce n love high heels. Im career oriented wit a mon-fri. Im educated, fun-loving, spontaneous, and romantic. Im looking for a LTR. U should be taller than me even if i wear heels, nice strong arms, has your shit together financially, trustworthy n responsible. Open to any race n plz dont be bald im not into that look. I'm curious to know what it's like to be with a white or latino guy tho. Be 26 and no older than 32. Romance is very important to me. Hit me up if u meet the criteria. Must Send a pic in first msg or u will be deleted. I will return a pic if im interested. PUT REAL MAN IN THE SUBJECT LINE! Chicago! LOOKING FOR THAT ATTRACTIVE INTELLIGENT EBONY MALE LOOKING FOR THAT ATTRACTIVE INTELLIGENT EBONY MALE - 30 chicago Iam an sexy curvy Intelligent Ebony female. peanutbutter complexed with brown hair and eyes. nice smile. looking for a Attractive Ebony gentleman to compliment me. u must be professional and know how to treat a woman like a queen that she is. please respond with pics no pic no reply. chicago! Friend with Potential for more Friend with Potential for more - 24 chicago girl in need of romance from a special guy Leave it to Beaver type of life sound good to anyone? Would like to go eat mexican food at Chuy's or Baby A's unless you know of a better place. Pic for pic. chicago! Give me something good rubbing with spanking!!! Give me something good rubbing with spanking!!! - 23 Chicago I am sweet and low key. I have a great group of friends but I need a man that can please me. Interested in meeting soon so get in touch if you like what you see... !!! Chicago! Man Friend Man Friend - 50 CHICAGO NORTH I am Single Black Female Looking for that Easy Going Laid Back Mature Spiritual Man, MY Age Perferred, Or Older. Someone who care And Family Minded, Tall 5ft8 and Up,... I am 5ft 8 tall, Live and Work NOrth Suburban Area NON SMOKER, NO DRUGS, MUST, LIVE AND WORK IN AREA OF CHICAGO ILLINOIS AREA OR SURROUNDING SUBURBAN AREAS Open to doing New Thing spending Time with you See Weekends etc, See Where It Goes, E-mail me with Pic for Pic, Tell me about you, Will respond with Pic, If NO Pic, I Will Not Respond, SERIOUS INTEREST ONLY, ANYTHING ELSE WILL BE DELETED CHICAGO NORTH! dwf seeks dwm 55 - 59 dwf seeks dwm 55 - 59 - 54 nyc or LI its so hard getting into the dating scene again. looking to date a divorced man with children common ground. Also please be in the nYC area or long island. please be a non smoker drinker or druggie. i do none of these. be over 5' 10 and over 200 pounds my perferance i need someone on the same page as I. i am not looking for a one night stand or a hook up please not nj or upstate or staten island. thanks nyc or LI! I like the natural habitat and even more I like the natural habitat and even more new york I like the natural habitat and even more. I am curvy, blond, with blue eyes. I love to find someone with similar interests. I am an open book, so feel free to ask me what you want to know.. new york! Plus-sized black chick LOVES Latinos! Plus-sized black chick LOVES Latinos! Chicago Yep, it's true. I've pretty much dated nothing but Hispanic guys. I've had the best chemistry with them, and I'm looking for someone special I can get to know and take it from there. I'm looking for someone single, dominant, monogamous, chivalrous, open-minded and isn't afraid of commitment. I'm not just looking for someone to date. I'm also looking for friends. So, if you're interested. Don't hesitate to reply. Also, I'm not sending you a picture so don't ask. There's too many creeps to go passing my picture around. If we happen to click, I'll think about it. Also, no men over 35. Tall is a bonus! Chicago! Good-looking seeking same Good-looking seeking same - 23 city of chicago Just send a face picture no writing until I'm interested then, it will be your turn. Very Pretty Caucasian Woman searching for: city of chicago! Looking for regular partner Looking for regular partner - 39 I am looking for a busy, clean, healthy, stable, financially secure, DD free single white male of 35-45 living alone around Hollywood or West LA area to meet regularly at least couple times a week for intimacy and good time. Mutual attraction is a must so -- pic please. ! In My Twenties In My Twenties - 25 chicago I am having a birthday soon and I need to get a big cock deep inside of me the night before. Let me know if you can help : chicago! Date for Idina Menzel New Years' Eve - Disney Concert Hall Concert Date for Idina Menzel New Years' Eve - Disney Concert Hall Concert - 49 Downey Hello and thank you for reading my post. I am looking for a date for New Year's Eve at the Walt Disney Concert Hall, I understand this is a long shot and not very many men would be interested but here I am nonetheless. I am a 49 woman, smart and educated. Love Idina Menzel performances, she is such an amazing artist. I have 2 ticket for the 10:30 PM concert. I would love the company of a smart and fun gentleman, between 45 and 52 years of age. No other expectations but we would never know... : These are excellent seats! You will have fun, Idina Menzel is an amazing singer. Please send a face photo with your response. Thank you Downey! Looking for a fun date... Looking for a fun date... - 24 Los angeles Hanging out in a bar has never been my thing, I'd rather get out and hike, play golf, do some project around the house or hang out with friends. I have a warped sense of humor and tend toward sarcasm, but can also laugh at myself - okay so I usually end up laughing at myself. Ultimately, I would like to find a serious relationship with the right person but until then, I want to go out and have some fun! I'm looking for someone to do things with: dinner, theater, movies, travel, festivals and wineries, oh my. I want someone who has their own stuff together and is in a position to go out and play a bit after work. I quit smoking two years ago and cannot be around a partner who smokes now. Los angeles! Rolling Around in Bed!!!!!!!!!! Rolling Around in Bed!!!!!!!!!! - 24 Los angeles I have been travelling around and not had any time to get laid. I am in town now for the next few months so would love to find a fwb Los angeles! Nice Girl Looking For A Friend!! Nice Girl Looking For A Friend!! - 22 Los angeles I am looking for a nice person to have fun with tonight... im new in this area for my work so i am looking to meet some new and nice people. Los angeles! I am seeking a ltr I am seeking a ltr - 25 Queens Hi cl my name is Mona i am single, i am seeking a goodman. i know how to take care of a goodman. i wanna start the new year with a real man. i don't wanna be alone if i can't find a goodman i am going to be alone forever. please be 32-40. Queens! hard to find single honest desi guy hard to find single honest desi guy - 25 in New York Indian female here trying my luck on here... describes myself as genuine and down to earth I am looking for a simple IndianDesi guy who lives in NY area, has a decent job,educated and a sense of humor Should be someone who is culturally and intellectually oriented and honest... If you are interested please send an email with some basic details about you a pic desi men only please... in New York! Curvy size15 Curvy size15 - 26 chicago Bi curious 26 year old, curvy size 15 with 36dd boobs looking to no longer be curious! Never done anything like this before but have always wanted to. I'm currently in a relationship and he is aware of my curiosity and have been given permission to explore this side of me. Maybe if all goes well 2 could turn to 3 to play at a future stage. chicago! In search of a cultured, sophisticated man In search of a cultured, sophisticated man - 40 Lincoln Park I am an educated, well traveled, sophisticated woman. I'm refined, and knowledgeable about great many things. I can talk fluently about literature, classical music, great films, world travel, history, international cuisine etc I can cook quite well, too. Foreign raised I am looking for a successful, decent childless single man in late 30's or 40's for companion such as drink, dinner, night at the opera, symphony, movie, art galleries etc. Lincoln Park! Naughty Librarian Naughty Librarian - 43 Queens Quiet type with a wild streak looking for a new friend. Cute, curvy, intelligent, fun; horny and attentive when the chemistry is right. Seeking like minded, unmarried, mature man 40s-50s to connect with. Yes, I really am a librarian. Queens! Fifty Plus Fifty Plus - 55 Queens Seeking bright, witty, articulate man over fifty for companionship, dating. and romance. Queens! BBW Looking for a SINGLE White Male BBW Looking for a SINGLE White Male - 34 Chicago Please send pic in first email. Hope you had a great Christmas. Im a pretty white BBW 5'4 no kids,brown long hair, brown eyes looking for a attractive, honest respectful guy. Does that exist on CL?... PLEASE be an ESTABLISHED white male 28-35 give or take a couple years and looking for DATING RELATIONSHIP. Great smile and sense of humor is a plus. Someone please show me that there are some good men left. ; Single men only Im not looking for sex or to be a booty call sorry. Go on Ashley Madison if your looking to cheat and don't waste my time. Serious responses only please SEND PIC IN 1st EMAIL No pic no response Chicago! Looking for Mr. Right Looking for Mr. Right - 32 West Good Morning to whomever that is reading this post. Dont you hate working on group projects alone? Well me too and thats what i have been dealing with as of late in trying to form friendships and relationships with men. Well a little bit about me. Im 32 years old, single, with no kids. I am a college graduate with a great job in my field of study. I have my our place and car. Im 5'6 130 pounds with a nice shapely behind. I am not perfect by far, but i am a very loving person that hates to be crossed. I actively work towards situations to make them better. I am not on CL to look for someone to just have sex with. I can get that on a daily if i choose too. I am looking for someone who wants to help build a foundation for a wonderful life. I am looking for a Black Man that embodies some of the same qualities that i have myself. Please be between the ages of 25-35 Please be HWB. I do not like bigger men. Im sorry thats my preference. Someone with some higher education with a lil bit of hood in them would be great. Handsome, charming, affectionate and freaky. But we will get to the freaky part if you meet all the other requirements. So if the little bit i have displayed is of interest to you, please send me a message. pic for pic. Not worry i am far from ugly. Hershey Kisses, MWAH! West! Find a smart boy Find a smart boy - 24 chicago I have a 24yr old son, my life is pretty busy with my two jobs. I like to have fun and hangout with friends. I pretty much a country girl I guess. I love my jeans and tshirts I do like to dress up but im more comfortable in my jeans. I like to talk, I like to cook mainly bake And one day I want to go to school for baking. I'm a pretty laid back person and I'm easy to get along with. Not really having luck on here but ive never really looked but only a couple of times. I want to find someone to settle down with but finding someone like that is hard. But I keep trying because i know one day ill find someone. You wanna know more just ask : chicago! Holiday BLUE - w4mw Holiday BLUE - w4mw - 34 North I'm getting that lonelydreading the holidays and the endless questions about why I'm single and childless at 34 blues. It's really simple what I am looking for... just someone to hang out with, maybe go have some drinks, some breakfast on Sunday mornings, a matinee, go look at cute boysgirlspeopledogs... whatever we want to do at that moment. You won't be embarassed to be seen with me in public if that's a big thing for you is what I'm saying. 30's. Hispanic. Cute. I have a pic and so should you. North! 30 something seeking older 30 something seeking older - 37 Chicago So a little about me... I'm a pretty 37 year old swf, smart, fun, live in the city. Love getting dressed up to go out for a night on the town, but also enjoy a relaxing evening in. My interests range from dining out to the arts to sporting events. This is such an amazing city, with so many interesting places and things to do... it would be great to meet a man who's honest, attractive, intelligent, ambitious, and affectionate, and see if there's some spark and compatibility. Look forward to learning a little about you, keep warm in the storm tonight! Chicago! Curvy woman size15 Curvy woman size15 - 26 chicago Bi curious 26 year old, curvy size 15 with 36dd boobs looking to no longer be curious! Never done anything like this before but have always wanted to. I'm currently in a relationship and he is aware of my curiosity and have been given permission to explore this side of me. Maybe if all goes well 2 could turn to 3 to play at a future stage. chicago! NYE date? NYE date? Chicago I am an attractive swf, in my 30s, on the northside of the city. Would like to find a fun, easy-going, attractive man to share NYE with. Just a no-pressure, fun evening somewhere out in the city but probably not one of the incredibly huge parties. I am open to age and race, if you're interested I'm happy to answer any questions and share pics. Hope to hear from you and start the new year off right! Chicago! seeking a interesting guy to have a good time with seeking a interesting guy to have a good time with - 28 Oak Park Hey there, looking for a funny, adventurous, honest man to spend time with. Maybe go to a movie, get some drinks, and naturally have some good private times. I prefer guys in between 18 and 59 years old, appearances and race dont matter much. I'm looking for an ongoing casual relationship with out committed. Oak Park! Wedding Crashers Wedding Crashers - 21 Chicago We're all programmed to look for love. Everywhere you go, you look around, find someone that grabs your attention, and ask yourself if you could see yourself on a Saturday night whether it's in watching a movie or out dancingbar hopping with them. So I guess the same applies here. We're browsing ads, asking for pictures and just having random conversations in search for love. Granted some people on here are jut looking for a FWB or a random hook up. If that you, this post does not apply to you. But the rest of us, want that good old fashioned, his and her towels, road trips, date nights, text all day, are they marriage material, love. I've had a handful of long term relationships and though they're stressful, hurtful, amazing, sad, happy, irritating and annoying, I'd say I'm pretty damn good at them. We are going to fight and have disagreements. Some days are going to be better than others, meaning we'll want to rip each others heads off. But then we'll kiss make up. We'll disagree on food and end up going to two places. And then you'll laughyell at me for eating my dessert first. You'll tell me to turn off my music because its always on and always blasting. You'll be late for work cause I'll keep you up all night, but then when you wake up, you'll think yep, she was worth it. We'll watch terrible movies that will end up being our favorites. We'll slow dance in my living room while we share a bottle of wine. We'll plan a road trip with our friends. Not to mention all our friends will be disgusted at the fact that we're crazy in love. We'll host game night and be on opposite teams then the loser gets to clean up. This post is way too long, if you're still reading and think you can see yourself doing these things then shoot me an email with your pic. I'm sure you want to know I'm not overweight or ugly as well. I'm neither. I too will send pics to prove this. So why not take a chance? Chicago! MARRIAGE MARRIAGE - 45 NYC Is there any serious man interested in getting married? Please be older than 50 yo. Thanks. NYC! LTR LTR - 45 NYC I don't think I'm asking for too much, maybe I'am. Anyway I will keep searching and I'm sure I will find somebody I'm looking for a LTR leading to marriage, so you can't be married. I would like someone over 50 yo, normal -it means short hair, no piercing or tattoos- NYC! i'm an attractive single lady i'm an attractive single lady - 22 Hillcrest I am a 22 yrs old woman, employed, mature, and respectful. I am looking for some one respectful, mature and able to have a casual relationship with out getting clingy. Looking for a sex buddy between the age of 20 and 50. Hillcrest! its been to long since i have had a guy its been to long since i have had a guy - 23 Oak Park It's been a very longtime since I've had a guy. Perhaps we could get together for a drink soon. Perhaps it'll go somewhere, maybe it wont. Oak Park! interested in something serious interested in something serious - 27 Oak Park I am seeking a serious relationship with a mature intelligent man. I am not wanting to find a one night stand or anything of that nature. Race and age dont really matter. Tell me a little about you and please include a photo. Oak Park! Cute BBW looking for a SWM Cute BBW looking for a SWM - 33 Chicago First thing I have to say is read this all before you waste your time responding without a pic. Cute Sexy BBW... Looking for a attractive, established, WHITE Gentleman, late 20's to mid 30's, who comes from a good family has a great sense of humor and personality. Who is looking for datingrelationship someone who knows how to treat a lady. I am an honest person I expect the same from you. PLEASE BE SINGLE AND NOT LOOKING FOR FWB OR NSA PLEASE PLEASE SEND PIC IN INITIAL EMAIL NO PIC NO RESPONSE Chicago! BBW Looking for a Quality Man BBW Looking for a Quality Man - 34 Chicago SEND PIC IN INITIAL EMAIL no pic no response This post is real it's Christmas eve Im a pretty white BBW 5'4 no kids,brown long hair, brown eyes looking for a attractive, honest respectful guy. Does that exist on CL?... PLEASE be an ESTABLISHED SINGLE WHITE male between 28-35 and looking for DATING RELATIONSHIP. Great smile and sense of humor is a plus. Someone please show me that there are some good men left. ; Single men only Single men only single men only Im not looking for sex or to be a booty call sorry. I repeat I am not looking for sex. Serious responses only please SEND PIC IN 1st EMAIL Chicago! searching for a funny guy to get to know searching for a funny guy to get to know - 23 Oak Park I got brown eyes, 5'10 tall, got a sexy body, and I'm outgoing. I'm in search of a man that's younger than 60 and interesting. I'd wanna findout if we got some chemistry, and then perhaps go out to have drinks. Oak Park! I want something serious I want something serious - 42 I desire to meet a special man, the one I've been waiting for long time. I am not looking for a casual encounter, but desire something serious. I know probably this is not the right place to look for it, but I am writing this like sending a message in a bottle... Maybe he will get it. I am white, very nice looking, 5' 7 tall, with blonde curly hair and green eyes. I am sweet, spontaneous and passionate. I want 1 man, and 1-woman- man. Want to feel him close to me, and open myself to him. AND.. last but not least.. I have the sane and natural desire to have a baby with him too. I desire a change in my life, and I am ready for that now.. The only thing missing is you. Race is not an issue.. Sorry, if you are not serious, don't have time to meet, have millions of other things more important to do, and a woman for you comes after something else, DO NOT responde. ! Calling All Single Latin Artist For Love Calling All Single Latin Artist For Love Loop Looking for single Latin artists of all disciplines... traditionalcomputer artists, musicians, dancers, singers that are looking to have an honest healthy relationship. Im an artist myself and we can talk and learn more about the arts together. Please let me know your specialty and what you are seeking yourself. Thank you for reading my posting and have a great day ahead. Loop! i am looking for an on going casual relationship i am looking for an on going casual relationship - 21 Forest Park Hey there, trying to find a fun, outgoing, kind guy to spend time with. Perhaps go see a movie, have drinks, and of course have some good private times. Searching for a guy who's 20 to 55 yrs old. I'm trying to find an ongoing physical relationship without strings. Forest Park! Looking for a date Looking for a date - 40 Chgo loop or lincoln park looking for a date? white female 5'3 with long brown hair, and, hazel eyes shapely 38dd they're real and they're spectacular dd free Chgo loop or lincoln park! I know I'm asking a lot... I know I'm asking a lot... - 31 Chi It's Friday... I've done most of what I have to do today. I'm kinda bored... So I'd love to find a normal person to have some laughs with for the afternoon. Please don't be a weirdo or married. I do feel like that is asking a lot for CL but we will see! Chi! Southern Gentlemen Southern Gentlemen - 28 Los Angeles I really like Southern gentleman. I think they're really respectful as well as being masculine. Any Southern men interested in going with the flow and taking things slow? Accents are alluring and if you have one it's a plus. Send me a reply with a picture and I'll send one in return. Thanks! Los Angeles! James Dean Type James Dean Type - 28 Los Angeles I am big fan of James Dean his movies and would love to find a guy like that who is really deep and sexy. Any writers or actors out there studying method? There is nothing sexier than a man who's as deep as the ocean... Any rebels out there? : Reply with a picture and tell me something about yourself. I'll do the same. Los Angeles! Really attractive SWF looking for really attractive SWM. Really attractive SWF looking for really attractive SWM. - 32 Chicago Hi. I'm a very attractive SWF, just got out of a long term relationship and I'm looking for some fun. Nothing crazy, just drinks, maybe dinner, conversation? Please be attractive, slender, 32-36 and tallish, maybe over 5'9? Am I asking too much?? I'm an AWESOME fun person, looking for the same. Not looking for another long term. Chicago! Friday evening fun! Friday evening fun! - 35 Chicago I'm a 35 yo swf, looking to meet someone around my age Friday. Please be single and disease and drug free. I am easy going, educated, can hold a conversation. Perhaps drinks? I'm open! Chicago! Who can host after work a VGL Btm Bi Greek?!! Who can host after work a VGL Btm Bi Greek?!! - 30 Astoria VGL Fit Handsome Preppy style Bi btm with few experiences Can u host me? Let's talk for more details Seeking a real male Astoria! New Year's Holiday and Marriage Forever? New Year's Holiday and Marriage Forever? - 59 West Hollywood Area Seeking a monogamous man interested in marriage. OLDER ONLY 60. Must be trustworthy, loving and kind, as I am. No pets, no drugs, no scandals. Ditto for myself. Mutual interests should include global travel, the culinary arts and the performing arts. How about spending the New Year's Holiday together? No response without legitimate phone numbers. Thank you. West Hollywood Area! single an attractive woman in search of a fwb single an attractive woman in search of a fwb - 22 Hillcrest I am a 22 years old girl, working, educated, and honest. I am trying to find someone honest, educated and can have a no commitments relationship without getting clingy. In the market for a friend w benifits between the age of 18 and 50. Hillcrest! ARE YOU AN OPEN MINDED AND ADVENTUROUS ARE YOU AN OPEN MINDED AND ADVENTUROUS - 26 los angeles Are you socially mature and interested in The Lifestyle? Are you curious about what goes on at those Parties? Are you a couple? Are you Single? Are you looking to add a third to your already strong and stable relationship? If all this sounds interesting and you are looking for more information, please email us for more details. Send your name and age and a CLEAN picture! los angeles! Love... Where Are You????? Love... Where Are You????? - 29 chicago Down to earth sbw looking for companionship. Compassionate, silly and very affectionate. Definitely a keeper : Employed, stay alone and a mother of two. Very spontaneous, and love to enjoy life. Let's chat maybe we can exchange a couple of pictures if the connection is solid... Serious replies only!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! chicago! NO GAMES NO GAMES - 24 iight im ready right now to give u everything u need no games if u can drive n can meet me at my house would love some car action all i ask for is some assistance ill even come to u in the city tonight late night action! Just Asking Just Asking - 25 California Is anyone here ready to get married, next winter--from, about, the end of December, on? Send me an e-mail! Regards. California! How about a date to start the weekend right? How about a date to start the weekend right? - 31 the weather is chilly but no more rain. great start of holiday weekend. what would make it better? a nice date with an attractive, funny, friendly, laid back, smart, witty latina like my self to have some drinks and fun conversation. Im single, you should be too. im educated in shape and dont smoke. i expect the same. i prefer someone mature educated respectful and with a good sense of homor... how about it? send me a note telling me about yourself and a photo and perhaps we still have time to set something up. Thanks!! drinks and dinner drinks and dinner - 34 hermosa beach TGIF.. Let's get a drink and if we are having fun we can grab dinner. I am fun, sweet and sexy looking for the same in a dinner date. I am 5'2 size 6 with blue eyes curves and a great ass. I am looking to hangout in hermosa so if you are interested then send me a current photo, place to meet for drinks and time you want to meet. hermosa beach! i'm seeking an outgoing guy i'm seeking an outgoing guy - 29 Laurelton I am looking for an adventurous man. I want to enjoy myself, and need a man to spend time with. I enjoy drink from time to time but I dont smoke. I'm recently divorced, so I don't really wanna start something serious just yet, I'm just hoping to meet a f buddy for now, maybe it'll become something more in time. Laurelton! attractive and single attractive and single - 30 I am a fun,intelligent,profesional, latin woman looking to meet a real, gentle fun and attractive man. Am looking to meet someone sophisticated, generous, refined and very distinguished who knows just how to treat a lady. healthy, clean, Passionate, sensual,open minded and sense of humor are key. Please be in shape and interesting as i promise you i am too. I am 5'4,attractive and very good company. please include pics and tell me about yourself! single mom for single dad single mom for single dad - 31 queens im a single mom and i find it so much easier to connect with somone in the same situation as they understand where am at as far as responsiblity and limited time... im educated, fun with a great sense of humor, honest clean, sexy,very extroverted, great shape and face to matchhave pics to prove it tho i guess it depends on your taste... please, be educated, mture, gainfully employed, sense of humor is important, professional, tall, handsome helps, honest, i dont smoke and rather you dont either... tell me about yourself and include pics as those with pics will take priority... looking forward to hearing from you queens! wanna grab a drink tonight? wanna grab a drink tonight? - 30 queens looking for a sane, witty, tall, handsome, funny, clean, nonsmoker, professional, honest man... i dont think is too much to ask but you never know... anyways hope to meet up today for fun conversations, maybe grab something to eat or a drink while getting to know eachother and hope that theres a connection that might lead to further dates.. im not advertising for a sex hookup just a fun night out so? sounds like something you might wanna try? i do... please send me a picture and tell me about yourself and i will send mine and give you more details about me queens! in search of a serious relationship with an educated guy in search of a serious relationship with an educated guy - 26 Elmwood Park I am looking for a relationship with a mature educated man. I am not wanting to find a booty call or any thing like that. I don't care about your age or race. Give me a little bit about yourself and I'd ask that you include a picture. Elmwood Park! movie and snuggling movie and snuggling - 34 hermosa beach Lets get take out and a movie and snuggle at your place. Hermosa guys who can host only!!! I will bring the wine and we can just relax and wind down after a long week. I am not going to have sex with you so don't reply if your not down with a pg night. Send a pic and movie choice. Please tell me if you are from hermosa in title so i know you read locals only. hermosa beach! want a blo want a blo - 28 midway hey gents got a xmas party tonight looking to suck someone off tonight call me if your interested 7seven3seven3twosix23six midway! appreciate my soul not only my butt!! appreciate my soul not only my butt!! - 41 I need someone in my life... who could be emotionally supportive, who would love to see me thriving and successful and who would not feel threatened by this, who is mature and strong enough to appreciate my soul not only my butt! I hope to hear from you!! SBF seeks SWM SBF seeks SWM - 29 Roger's Park I've realized some things lately and I've listed them for your reading pleasure you also have the option to hit the close button its all about free will. I am that girl that dances in the rain in the middle of the street at one in the morning I prefer it if we spend Friday night at a dive bar seeing if we can drink each other under the table I don't expect you to get my movie references nor for me to get yours I will warn you now I can be just as classy as I can be trashy I will never be the women with the perfect hair nor able to wear white and never not spill on it I've learned from life that nothing is ever really over you just might have a lot of things on hold I do believe in tasking risks. Regrets can last forever I don't believe in faith, there is such a thing as dumb luck Convinced there is an easy button in every situation Corporate but you will never catch me in a suit Expectations only lead to disappointment I want to go to more hockey games this winter than last Have a relationship that functions sans the drama Flaws are good, I don't believe that objects have a certain place and that whites must be the whitest and that nicks and scraps are imperfections I'm the girl who won't pull the panties switch on you once the relationship gets serious I will even give a fly the chance to live before using my right shoe I'm always one step ahead of karma, it's a bitch Everything in life requires grace I go against the grain in life, conventional wisdom idea or thought not for me Lucky to have friends and family that encourage my dreams, ridiculous behavior and nourish my soul Last but not least I'm a badass I'm a 5'9 bi-racial female brown hair and eyes 29 years old. You should have a firm idea of who you are, passionate about the little things in life. Know that tomorrow is not guaranteed. No one younger than I give or take a year? Don't be like the others. Be different, daring, and extraordinary. P. S If you send me a one line email response don't be surprised if you don't hear back from me. I've emailed some nice people, but I haven't found what I'm looking for. I'm open for something new in my life. I would like you to be open for something new as well. Roger's Park! Date Date - 26 Cambria heights Hey there,my name is Monique and I'm a single thick black female living in queens. I'm posting on cl to see whats out there. im bored tonight and looking for a male friend to enjoy. i do know it's late but it's the weekend I'm pretty sure we could find something fun to get into like a bar movie dinner bowling playing pool things of that nature. I do drink and and if u don't drink don't email me as i am a occasional drinker. i am looking to meet tonite so don't reply if ur not willing to meet. pls not looking for email tag I want to meet a sexy man to get to know in person not threw an email so pls be willing to meet.. I love a respectable man a man that knows how to take care of a female and treat her like a queen. So if ur interested pls feel free to email a pic of u in the 1st letter and put INTERESTED in the sub line.. Ps my favorite drink is diced pineapples Cambria heights! Outgoing Companion Outgoing Companion - 38 West L. A Areas Hello, I am looking for a cool, respectable, friendly, social, down to earth guy to bring along on my party and event adventures. Must be respectable, considerate, non-drug and non-smoker, social drinker and positive energetic person. I am fun, simple, sexy female with strong leader type of personality. I coordinate and set-up events and love to have a partner in crime to join me. I have cool, down to earth friends in art, film, music and entertainment industry. Please send picture and let me know what kind of things you enjoy. Write outgoing' on subject line with PICTURE, age and height. MUST BE 30 - 45 years old. West L. A Areas! i am seeking a guy, not yet another man child i am seeking a guy, not yet another man child - 26 Hillcrest I wanna meet a intelligent guy. I'm seeking some one authentic, no BS. We would start as friends, and see what happens. Hillcrest! Christmas Company Christmas Company - 27 River West My family celebrated Christmas early, so I'll be on my own for the 25th. I'm attractive, outgoing, and have a quick wit. I'm into things like cooking hodgepodge masterpieces from whatever is leftover in my fridge, going to comedy shows, reading with my dog at my feet, going to the MCA on Tuesdays, hoppy beers, and all things green. If you're normal, kind, interesting, and on your own too, let's hang out! River West! Crisis averted; time to live! Crisis averted; time to live! - 48 O'Hare area HEY! We're still alive. Let's celebrate! Brainy, busty BBW smaller size 16 looking for gentleman caller that's sane, single and sizeable in the brain department, you perv! No FWBs, NSAs... or any other such BS. Looking for REAL man, REAL dates, REAL good time. Tell me a lot about who you are, send a pic and DON'T FORGET TO PUT YOUR FAVORITE SEASON IN SUBJECT OR I WON'T OPEN. Serious inquiries only. Enjoy the holidays. O'Hare area! young girl tired of games young girl tired of games - 21 South Chicago I am a 21 year old Caucasian woman seeking a mature relationship. I am tired of playing these little kid games with guys my age. I need someone who has a clear head, a good job, and maturity. Not looking for friends with benefits, I am trying to find a good man who wants a relationship. If you have a good heart and are looking for the same then reply back, no one under the age of 26 or over the age of 35 please. I really want someone who is serious. I am 5'7, red hair, hazel eyes, well proportioned i have meat on my bones. If you Are interested in a picture reply to this with a picture and a quick message. Serious inquiries only please and thanks South Chicago! It's raining it's pouring... It's raining it's pouring... - 57 Done by Peter, Paul and Mary. A rainy day like this makes me think of simpler times, were they really?, and simpler things. I like easy and uncomplicated. I'm single, professional and the one complication is I smoke. Sheesh, gotta quit that!! Wanted: Love in the NY Wanted: Love in the NY - 39 City I am a down-to-earth, attractive, open minded, independent woman who is spunky in nature and looking for a quality guy. I have no children and have never been married - but I am hopeful my guy is out there. I am looking for someone who would enjoy getting to know each other - dinner, drinks, sporting events - whatever - let's see where things go from here. I love: the finer things in life, great design, haute cuisine, greasy spoons, great wine, dive bars, swanky lounges, independent flicks, lingering brunches, travel and engaging in great conversation and witty banter. I am looking for someone who is insanely smart, cute, honest, passionate, driven, fit, genuine, and able to cut loose and have a good time. Guys who clean up nice and witty conversationalists will generally charm me. A man who has the time to get to know one another and is ready for a relationship - because he will get the same in return. Is that you? Tell me why. And send a photo while you're at it and you will get one back. City! Talk? Talk? - 41 West LA After a long week and the past 3 hours at the mall I would love to find someone to have a great conversation. Anyone interested? West LA! Issuing RFP for peach-eating services Issuing RFP for peach-eating services - 23 Lakeview I'm looking for someone who would enjoy both hanging out beer, sushi, movies, Bears games, etc. and helping me with one or both of the following: a. Receiving an over-the-knee spanking b. Having an orgasm or several from oral - I've been on the receiving end before, but alas, no luck! You should meet the following criteria: a. Physically fit and attractive which, subjectively, includes being taller than 5'10 with a full head of hair, no facial hair and a flat stomach b. Younger than 33 c. Single and living close by d. College educated and a grade A banterer - y'know, in case I decide I want to keep you around for longer than it takes to flick the tip of your tongue repeatedly across my clit. My apologies for breaking it down so plainly, but what can I say? I make powerpoints regularly. As for me - I have a girl next door look, an easy smile and laugh, and a really inappropriate sense of humor. I also read too many books, which probably explains my relative lack of sex at 23. Shoot me a note if interested. Include your age, neighborhood and at least a cropped pic if you want to be taken seriously, and also include your favorite breakfast food in the subject line to prove you've actually read this whole thing. I'd like to meet fairly quickly to grab a drink and see if the chemistry is there. Lakeview! Is There Anyone NOT Looking For Sex? lol No But Seriously.. Is There Anyone NOT Looking For Sex? lol No But Seriously.. - 28 Torrance Im in my late 20s. Mexican. BBW. Ive been single for a few months and Ive tried to date but most of these guys just want one thing and I get it, but its just not what Im looking for. Im not looking for a friends with benefits type of relationship although Im not looking to jump into anything right away. I just want to meet someone real down to earth that wants to be friends, if anything mutual transpires then great! lol Im not going to type my whole life story with a list of musts lol but just know that I do smoke weed and like to drink occasionally. So hopefully you do too cuz I like to chill : Pic4Pic 21-30 preferred Torrance! This is relevant to your interests. This is relevant to your interests. - 26 Logan Square Here it is: I'm fun, funny, smart, loud, short, nerdy, crafty, charming, quixotic, and a huge fan of adjectives. Details: I'm 26, AA, 5'2-ish, and curvy. I'm bi and prefer to be monogam-ish. I sew, dance, party, dance at parties, drink, 420 regularly, and speak in run on sentences. Ideally, you should be awesome, single and intelligent, and have a good sense of humor. Must be close to my age 25 - 35. I'm really into the indiehipster aesthetic glasses, pierced, tattooed, but it's not mandatory. Be STD free -- this is mandatory. I'm not looking for men who are married or live in the suburbs. I will need more than one email exchange prior to meeting, but I'm also not interested in dragging this on for too long. Reply with a description picture and you'll get a few of mine. Logan Square! ONE GOD SENT MAN ONE GOD SENT MAN - 49 WESTSIDE I AM JUST HOPING TO MEET THE ONE. A FRIEND, PARTNER AND HUSBAND KIND OF GUY. WOULD PREFER SOMEONE BETWEN 50 AND 60 YEARS OLD. I AM 5'5, 120 POUNDS, BRUNETTE, ATTRACTIVE. NOT TOO MANY DETAILS HERE AS THIS IS ALL BETTER LEFT FOR LATER DURING MEETING TIME. LOOKING ONLY FOR SERIOUS MARRIAGE MINDED MEN. PLEASE INCLUDE PICTURE WITH RESPONSE, THANKS. WESTSIDE! Are you a soldier Are you a soldier - 21 Your place Hi lately I've had this really weird attraction to men in uniforms so plz respond with a picture of u in your outfit and well go from there.. considering you will be wearing that when we do the deed if there is no pic then u get no response Your place! girl in search of romatic times with a honest man girl in search of romatic times with a honest man - 29 Glen Oaks I am wanting to discover my Mr. Right. I'd hope to find a serious partner, though till I discover the correct man I'm open to some thing with no strings. Send me a message and send a photo, I'll respond with one of me. Glen Oaks! seeking a funny man to have some fun with seeking a funny man to have some fun with - 22 Evanston I am looking for an adventurous and fun guy for a goodtime with. I'm sure we will enjoy some great times in private. I am looking for a recurring booty call with the correct guy. Evanston! Seeking active partner Seeking active partner - 29 city of chicago Being sexy and full of joy and passion would be even better yet. He would be a collaborator, someone who likes to share as I do as well as someone who values a good well earned relationship built on trust and respect. I would love a partner who is willing to challenge me and inspire me. I would also hope he had an understanding and appreciation for the natural world. city of chicago! looking to enjoy repeated meetings looking to enjoy repeated meetings - 26 Hillcrest In search of someone to spendtime with, got to the movies, go out to dinner, and as well as have a little fun with one another in private. I am 5 foot 6 inch, nice looking, 125 pounds, and I have blue eyes with blonde hair. If you write to me please include a pic. Hillcrest! i'm searching for an outgoing guy i'm searching for an outgoing guy - 23 Gardena I'd wanna find a man who is adventurous. I was engaged till just recently, I am not looking for some thing serious just yet, Maybe it will become some thing more, however for the moment I simply want a fwb. Gardena! Looking for regular partner Looking for regular partner - 26 city of chicago I am looking for a busy, clean, healthy, stable, financially secure, DD free single white male of 28-35 living alone around Hollywood or area to meet regularly at least couple times a week for intimacy and good time. Mutual attraction is a must so -- pic please. city of chicago! i'd want to meet a truthful guy i'd want to meet a truthful guy - 26 Gardena I am hoping to find a serious relationship with a mature intelligent man. I am not wanting to find a one night stand or something along those lines. Age and race do not really matter to me. Tell me a bit about your self and please include a pic. Gardena! NEW YEAR NEW LOVE SBF 4 SBM NEW YEAR NEW LOVE SBF 4 SBM - 25 NYC I'M 24YEARS OLD VERY SINGLE, NO KIDS, EMPLOYED, AND LOOKING TO SERIOUSLY GET TO KNOW SOMEONE THAT IS VERY MUCH RELATIONSHIP MINDED AND FAR FROM PLAYING GAMES. I'M A VERY DOWN TO EARTH, AMBITIOUS, LOVING, AFFECTIONATE, PATIENT, SMART AND LOVING TYPE OF PERSON. I CAN HONESTLY GO ON FOR DAYS. IM INTERESTED IN A SBM WHO IS ALSO EMPLOYED HOPEFULLY MOBILE AS I AM. EMPLOYED,DOWN TO EARTH, AMBITIOUS, AFFECTIONATE, CONSIDERATE, VERY MUCH RELATIONSHIP MINDED AND HONEST. I'M NOT GONNA GO ON AND ON BUT IF YOU DECIDETO REPLY FEEL FREE TO ASK ANYTHING THAT YOU WOULD LIKE TO KNOW. PLZZZZZZZZZZ... INCLUDE A PIC WITH YOUR REPLY... HERE'S A BRIEF DESCRIPTION TO KIND OF GET YOUR MIND GOING. I'M 5'4 ABOUT 165PDS, AND VERY STYLISH. FELLAZ PLZ COME CORRECT OR DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!!!! NYC! Looking for an ongoing, not necessarily serious relationship - w4m Looking for an ongoing, not necessarily serious relationship - w4m - 49 I am looking for a regular thing with an age appropriate man, that is one at least 48. Are you personable, intelligent and warm-hearted? Would you like to have an onoing relationship with a reasonably attractive, middle-aged woman who can usually only spend a couple hours a week having fun? I like fun but don't get enough of it. Hopefully, that will change in the coming year. So tell me about yourself. You must be close to the city I'd prefer to visit you, single I don't want anyone else's drama, body type doesn't matter - but I prefer taller than me 5'8, a sense of humor and openess. Again, I am NOT interested in young men. I'd prefer over 50. Tell me about yourself and maybe we can figure something out that suits us both. ! Real BBW Seeking Real Man Real BBW Seeking Real Man - 34 Chicago Please be single... Serious Responses only not looking for a hook up Very Attractive single white female looking for a established kind, respectful White attractive man under age 35 for dating relationship Please be single... Serious Responses only not looking for a hook up SEND PIC IN INIITAIL EMAIL Chicago! mimosa breakfast on the pier mimosa breakfast on the pier - 34 hermosa beach I am heading down to the pier at 10am for mimosa breakfast.. join me? I am starting early but would like to hangout most of the day. I am 5'2 with auburn hair, curvessize6 and have been told I have a great ass. I am funny,sweet and down to earth looking for the same. Send a pic and a brief description. Must want to meet up by 10am! hermosa beach! LOOKING FOR THAT ATTRACTIVE INTELLIGENT EBONY MALE LOOKING FOR THAT ATTRACTIVE INTELLIGENT EBONY MALE - 30 chicago Iam an sexy curvy Intelligent Ebony female. peanutbutter complexed with brown hair and eyes. nice smile. looking for a Attractive Ebony gentleman to compliment me. u must be professional and know how to treat a woman like a queen that she is. please respond with pics no pic no reply. chicago! wanting to find somebody to hang out with wanting to find somebody to hang out with - 27 Oak Park I would want to meet a guy to hangout with, and certainly enjoy each other while in private. I've got black hair and hazel eyes, weigh about 115lbs, I'm 5 feet 6 inches and good looking. Oak Park! SERIOUS SERIOUS - 42 chicago, suburbs i'm looking for men who are serious for a relationship. i'm not a prostitute, but an educated foreign black lady. i'm new to this area, chicago, i came from new jersey, and want to meet some new people 42 years and older... thanks! chicago, suburbs! Attractive, fit and intelligent looking for LTR Attractive, fit and intelligent looking for LTR - 42 NYC I'm happy with where I'm in life and the only thing missing is that special person to share my life with. I'm 5'3 110 lbs with dark long hair, very attractive, fit and look much younger than my age. I have many interests including reading, hiking, running, skiing, cooking, museums and movies. I am educated and I have a stable job. I'm looking for a LTR. The man I'm interested in should be an overall good person with serious intention. He should be kind, intelligent, fit, share some of my interests, well educated and established in his career. Please contact me only if you are looking for LTR and meet the specified criteria. Please tell me a little about yourself and also have recent photo to exchange. Thanks! NYC Are You A 420 Friendly Swimmer? Are You A 420 Friendly Swimmer? - 50 WLA Me too! That gives us at least two things in common. I also enjoy music, gardening, sunsets, conversing and the outdoors. I have dark hair and eyes and I'm a big beautiful thick curvacious woman. who wants to find a local, single man who is also 420 friendly, year round swimmer, and attracted to bigger women. I'm attracted to educated professional clean cut men around my age. Chemistry is a MUST, then we can shower each other with affection. Include your picture keep it clean with your response. WLA! i want to find a honest guy i want to find a honest guy - 27 Oak Park I am trying to find a man, not yet another man child. I am done with men that play games, I am trying to find somebody real. I am trying to find a friend to begin with, and then perhaps it could turn into more. Contact me if you would wanna find out more. Oak Park! SBF SBF - 29 Los Angeles I'm a single, 29 yr old Black female, full time graduate student, 5'7, no kids, own place and car, 1 dog. I'm looking for someone who's interested in dating. No friends with benefits. Please be between the ages of 30-36. Open to all races. Your pic gets mine. Los Angeles I want relaxing evening with a hung man I want relaxing evening with a hung man - 36 Chicago Intelligent is a plus, no metro-sexuals who save legs and underarms and eveything inbetween. Please be between 21-40, hung a big turn on. Love going down on a guy who has a huge cock. If this is you, please send me your stats and photo. Chicago! movie, snuggling movie, snuggling - 30 hermosa beach Let's rent a few movies go back to your place and drink, or smoke420 and chill. Locals only please as I am already buzzed and can't drive. Pic for pic. Please put your hosting city in the responce. hermosa beach! Shy bbw seeks swm for ltr Shy bbw seeks swm for ltr - 30 Queenslong Island hi i am 30 f queens bbw. i am looking for a single white males from queens or long island ages 29-33. if you are looking for friends with benefits or don't like bbw don't bother replying to this ad. i like movies music billards bowling sports etc. thank you and hope to hear from you. thanks. no pic no rely. 30 Queenslong Island! single girl seeking a kind man single girl seeking a kind man - 23 Gardena Hey there, I am a single, intelligent, artistic, interesting woman interested in a good man. Honesty in all aspects of a relationship is very important to me. Appearances are not that important, not is your age or race. I am 5 feet 5 inches, blond, brown eyes, 115 pounds, and good looking. I look forward to hear from some interesting guys. Gardena! Latina looking for her Asian prince: Latina looking for her Asian prince: - 21 Southbay Well I'm tire of not finding my right Asian guy lol so to all the Asian that are cute and smart I'm ur true girl lol I'm Latina 5'7 have a thick body but not over weight lol I want to just get to know someone smart respectful and fun to be with and that will always treat me right : so hopefully ur reading this if ur the one lol oo and pic for pic: Southbay! why so complicated? why so complicated? - 20 space: What i am looking for is very simple, a mature older man, who is not scared to trust a 20 year old... you should make me laugh, and you should let me take care of you:... i am not looking for one night thing... but i am looking for a saturday night date:... i just missed cuddling, missed adventures, missed touching u under the table... i am ur baby girl, and u r my protector:... if u think u r too old u r wrong. i like guys in 40's or 30's or even 50's sometimes... white is preferred, a pic gets my pic: space:! Cute Single BBW Cute Single BBW - 28 Wilshire Looking to connect with someone special! I am single, white, fairly tall, no kids or drama. I have a good job, I drive and I live alone. I like the normal things - movies, the mall, hanging out with friends. I love music of all kinds. Please include a pic with your reply and let me know what you are looking for. Wilshire! You may need this? You may need this? - 26 south near lakeshore Is your family coming for the holidays? Are you looking for someone to help you clean before they arrive? I don't usually do this but I over spent for christmas so I need some extra tax free cash if you are interested email me with location and details. south near lakeshore! looking for a Boyfriend - am I too picky? looking for a Boyfriend - am I too picky? - 38 Chicago I've been told I am too picky. Here's what I am looking for: 32 - 44 years old at least 5 ft 7 in kind-hearted never married no kids college educated funny I am 5 ft 4 in, 110 lbs, educated, never married, no kids, well-traveled, multi-lingual, asian-american. If you fall within my list, I would love to hear from you. You can also email me and point out whatever on my list should be overlooked. Sounds fair, right? Chicago! Hi new friend. Hi new friend. - 28 I am sitting at home watching TV. About to drink a beer. Would you like to entertain me? Making friends can be difficult at times, but a little fun convo or something shouldn't hurt. I am a black female with a good sense of humor and just wanna have some fun. Hit me up if you are interested. Oh, please state your age. A pic is nice too but not required. ! Anyone Like PLUS Size ladies? Anyone Like PLUS Size ladies? - 23 Carson, 310 I am a PLUS Size white lady and I am looking to try and start a long term relationship LTR. Tall, standing at about 5ft 11in, short spiky hair, I guess you could called it a sort of pixie cut. I love cats, movies and music. I read and cook a great deal. I work full time and am the co-founder of a business that I run with my mom. I play video games and have a lot of crafty hobbies. I my sense of humor tends to be a bit dry with a lot of sarcasm mixed into it. I don't drink much whiskey and rum mostly and I don't smoke. I am drug and disease free. If you want to know more, send an email with your questions and inquires. PLEASE BE BETWEEN THE AGES OF 23 AND 30 Thanks Carson, 310! Cold apartment Cold apartment - 22 It costs a shit ton of money to heat my entire apartment so I've been keeping it low and am freezing. I either need to go out with someone, or a lazy cuddlemovie bud. Either sounds great. Say hi and tell me some stuff about you. Photos are good too. ! Effortless conversation. Effortless conversation. - 37 Downtown Me: an intelligent, funny, ambitious, pretty, sophisticated female who seeks a second-date worthy, attractive, thoughtful, smart guy. Hopefully you'll up for joining me at some hidden gem for drinks or dinner, seeing a band or just an aimless walk around our amazing city. You: a SWM somewhere around my age, who's genuine, attractive, clever and can be an artful conversationalist with rapier wit. I have a particular weakness for the thoughtful-yet-confident types who don't let me get away with too much... Pic for pic. And by the way, no canned, prewritten responses. I sense unoriginality way too easily. Downtown! Is there a love after 50? Is there a love after 50? - 50 I am 50 and I need a husband and a lover -- better if one man can perform both functions! I am beautiful, educated, recently divorced and missing some normality in my life. Is there a love after 50?! in need of someone to hang out with in need of someone to hang out with - 22 Gardena In search of some body to hangout with, got to the movies, go out to eat, and as well as have some fun with one another in private. I am 5'8, nice looking, 120lbs, and have black eyes with brown hair. If you contact me please include a picture. Gardena! Sexy black bbw for cute Swm Sexy black bbw for cute Swm - 32 Santa Monica Hope the title says it all... I am a pretty curvysmall bbw, educated with a fun personality... passionate about life, love to travel, outdoors activities, dinning, movies and music.. Iam looking for a Tall, handsome white single professional, to get to know and see what happens... I would prefer someone who likes black women, have their own place and know how to treat a lady.. Iam not looking for a one night stand, so if you are interested, please send me a picture and tell me about yourself and what you are looking for? I will only reply to response with a pictures.. : happy hollidays!! : Santa Monica! You're Average Latina You're Average Latina - 29 Los Angeles Hello I am a 29 yr old student, fun, smart, outgoing, serious, single mom and definetly NOT looking for sex here but more of a date and seeing where things might head. Preferebly latino, or white but willing to go out if u get my attention. ; I am looking for a smart, funny, responsible man between the ages of 30-36 who likes to go out, get to know each other and see where things may go... Hope to hear from you soon ; Los Angeles! Night owls Night owls - 19 So, I stay up pretty late at night. And it'd be pretty cool if I could have someone to text and talk to, y'know? And if things go pretty well, we can meet up later on in the future. But yeah, just email me and we can take it from there. Hope to hear from you :! seeking a interesting guy to hang out with seeking a interesting guy to hang out with - 25 Hillcrest I am 5 foot 7 inch, blue eyes, sexy tanned body, smart and outgoing. Seeking some one thats interesting has got a job, a vehicle, no kids, and is in between 18 and 45. I would like to talk a little and then maybe go out for drinks if there's any chemistry. If you would wanna see what happens write me. Hillcrest! IT'S MY BDAY IT'S MY BDAY - 30 City or Burbs I'm recently divorced single mom seeking me a special friend Me: i'm black-rican mixed very friendly and outgoing with a love heart you should have same. It's my Bday anyone care to take me shopping let's eat enjoy good conversation. NO GAME PLAYERS seeking real genuine MEN. Who knows might turn into something. The Older the Better i Love Mature Men. City or Burbs! Horny looking for guy or girl Horny looking for guy or girl chicago Looking for a male or female not a couple that are between. It would be a first time with a female. You must host. Send a picture that is at least of your face or I will not reply. Guys that like to suck tits, give oral and have a good size dick are a plus! Must be discreet chicago! i'd hope to meet a sincere guy i'd hope to meet a sincere guy - 25 Hillcrest I am in the market for a relationship with a mature educated man. I am not wanting to find a booty call or any thing along those lines. I do not care about age or race. Give me a little bit about your self and I'd ask that you include a pic. Hillcrest! smaller bbw wants a real man smaller bbw wants a real man - 26 little village It's going to be new year and I am hoping to find me a man finally. I am hispanic 5'6 size 18 drk hair n eyes 38ddd w big hips. I want man w a job. I don't want your money I buy my own. I want a man who is in control n doesnt let me walk all over him, keeps me in my place. Please be serious n ddf. Respond w a pic or i will not respond. Btw i dnt play games or have time for them. little village! sbf for sbm,swm 30's movie drinks 2nite sbf for sbm,swm 30's movie drinks 2nite - 30 I'm looking to create new wonderful holiday memories and forget the bad ones family in town but i'm free tonight looking to meet a guy 30-40's who has it together careeremployed u. s. citizen, ez on the eyes, in shape, great personality, genuine with a good spirit. Be available to go out tonight or do not respond. I am a sbf, attractive i think, petite but cury, and heres the shocker... I do not have any children reply wpic send urs 1st! Lonely Hippie in NYC Lonely Hippie in NYC - 33 Queens I would like to meet a caucasian, attractive, worldly and sophisticated man with a full head of hair longish hair even better and is between the ages of 32-41. I'm earthy, creative, affectionate, sweet, fun to be with, laid back and intelligent. Electronic music is my passion so please like it; Progressive Trance, Psytrance, Downtempoambient, IDM. I am somewhat of a tech geek. I have a good career which I enjoy. I like being active, eat healthy and am quite attractive. I have good friends but miss having a special male companionpartnerboyfriend in my life to have adventures and share life with. I am usually attracted to tall light and handsome, techy, scientist, artist, musician, programmerIT, or otherwise creative and geeky, types, but do not want to limit myself. I am plant friendly especially green ones. Social drinkers are fine just no alcoholics please. I love moving, grooving, and exercise regularly. I get outdoors as much as possible when it's not too cold. Staying in and snuggling is also wonderful! I love nature and am often called a hippie is that a dirty word? since I keep it natural. Please note that I do shower regularly, smell great, take excellent care of myself and am responsible.. well most of the time. I can also class it up when it's required or fun to do so, so please do not be scared off by the above! I am not looking casual sex. Either it's going to be strictly platonic, or it's going to develop slowly into a relationship. I'm cool either way. Just not going to sleep with a guy I do not feel a connection with. Been there done that, not into it. Not looking for fwb either. I have met some great people and made some new friends from posting these ads. Unfortunately I still haven't found what I'm looking for. Hopefully persistence will pay off. Queens! SBF SEEKING SWM 4 LTR SBF SEEKING SWM 4 LTR - 40 Chicago Hi there, Thank you for reading me. Here is a single SBF, 5' 7', 145 pds, beautiful, fun, seweet and caring. I am a home owner, employed, well mannered, respectful, laid back, non-smoker and social drinker. I enjoy dinner, conversation, walking, movie, quiet night at home, open to all simple life pleasure. You are a single professional gentleman beteween the age of 40-50, that misses a companionship and is looking for a relationship. Having a healthy serious relationship is a must so no one nightstand. Winter is here; so If you are looking for the same, email me with your pic and I will reply with mine. Don't miss out, let's enjoy the holiday together and much more... Pic 4 Pic Chicago! NPR Story on Humor NPR Story on Humor - 58 near downtown NPR recently ran a story about the research of a young anthropologist would is studying humor and its role in the evolution of man. Bottom line: a shared sense of humor appears to be a key connector among friends and couples. I likeI most forms of humor okay, except for the Three Stooges, especially dry and self-deprecating. For me, clever humor and wit is the cats-meow. My humor, on the other hand, is more playful, a bit sassy and I get silly more often than I care to admit. So if, like me, you tend to see humor all around you in the world, we might be a good match on this scale. I also find I get along best with people who are intellectually curious or artistically inclined, well read, have at least a university degree and are driven and passionate about some aspect of their life -- professional field, art, music, policy and politics, whatever. I like intelligent conversation and have an easy smile and laugh. Maybe we're a match, on humor and more? I eventually want to find a lifetime partner and lover. I am also always open to a new friend. no married men please near downtown! Just started this site looking for some fun Just started this site looking for some fun - 23 chicago Just started this site looking for some fun and maybe more. I was looking for someone who enjoys good company. Would you be interested? chicago! it's been so long since i've had a guy it's been so long since i've had a guy - 23 Hermosa Beach I am missing the feeling of being held by a man. I am 5 foot 9 inch, slim, brown hair, with blue eyes. I would wanna talk some at first and then perhaps get together for lunch. If we have some thing in common who knows where it will lead... Hermosa Beach! truthfulness is the only thing i request truthfulness is the only thing i request - 26 Forest Park Hi their, I am a single, intelligent, artistic, interesting woman interested in a kind man. Trust in all aspects of a relationship is very important to me. Looks arn't so important, neither is age or race. I am 5'9, brunette, hazel eyes, 130lbs, with good looks. I hope to hear from a few intriguing men. Forest Park! cute bbw looking for a man cute bbw looking for a man im just here browsing the guys looking for someone to meet date and have something serious with not sure who i will find on here but possibilities are endless so why not give it a try so if any fun down to earth guy on here that doesnt mind tattoos is interested send me a short message along with your picture and ill do the same! please prove me wrong please prove me wrong - 21 Chicago I can't believe I'm posting this but I am. Pretty much I think all guys are douchebags and this is coming from an extremely understanding and nice person. I' ll tell you of experiences that led me to beloeve guys are the same. One of my boyfriends just stopped talking to me and didnt have the balls to break up with me so I had to break up with him. Through text! Because he wouldnt answer my calls. Another guy was just awesome with me but then started to blow off our plans, he just wanted to get some Another guy forgot to text me back one day and we didnt hang out like we planned to The list goes on and on and that brings me here. Can any of you please explain to me why you guys would tell a girl you like her and then treat her like this? Why are you little bitches that can't just be honest? Why do you ignore instead of simply saying why you dont want to talk anymore? Someone please help me understand. And while im here, it would be amazing to find a guy opposite of this dbag personality. Chicago! I'll take a half a pot of gold I'll take a half a pot of gold - 26 NorthSide Hey fellas, It's really funny sitting back writing an ad because you get to thinking who is going to respond to my ad. Then you think well maybe I should present myself in a way to cater to the cl men lol... nope that's not what I want. I feel ppl have lost themselves and doesn't really know what they want. Instead of presenting 100 you, you present some other bastard and never exactly find what you've been looking for. I am first to admit that I don't know exactly what I'm looking for but I do know that I'm looking. I might stumble across a treasure hell even a half a pot of gold. I'm 26 plus size bbw whatever you would like. Im an African American woman, I'm pretty successful as a childless job having student with a great head on my shoulders and many hobbies. I enjoy the pleasures of life, ppl often call me a social butterfly hut they don't know I don't always like people. I'm extremely adventurous and love doing new things and going new places.... it's enough about me i hate writing ahout myself it makes me seem really dull and boring, when im freaking awesome. So fellas if I have caught your interest in anyway go ahead and e-mail me. I'm sure you'd enjoy my company. My only request isn to have a sense of humor and please don't be allergic to having a good time and having new experiences I have plenty of pics so send to receive. NorthSide! Have a good time talk and dinner Have a good time talk and dinner - 25 los angeles I like to dance, dinner i like to have a good times with friends and i am a family person i also like jazz i enjoy going different places and live one day at the time. I would like to see if there is someone that likes to share my same interests los angeles! it has been to long since i've been with a guy it has been to long since i've been with a guy - 26 Hillcrest It's been a longtime since I've had a guy. Perhaps we could get together for a drink some time. Perhaps it'll go somewhere, maybe it won't. Hillcrest! NYE plans? NYE plans? - 22 Chicago Does anyone else not have a date for New Years? I wouldn't mind having a New Years kiss. Haha. I have plans and know where I'm going so maybe you can be the lucky guy that gets to accompany me! PLEASE REPLY WITH YOUR PICTURES AT LEAST TWO OR I WILL NOT RESPOND. Chicago! A New Year is right around the corner A New Year is right around the corner - 36 Northside Hi out there. A new year is right around the corner and I am hoping that I can find a special someone to spend time with, going out, movies, and just have a good time. I am single, work full-time and I do have children. Basically would like to start dating again. I am 36 years old,Latina and do not have time for childishness. If you are smart, educated, like giing out to concerts, dancing, museums, or anywhere thats fun and interesting drop me a line. Northside! Long day at work Long day at work - 24 Chicago It's a long boring day at work so far! Does anyone want to save me from boredom? I don't really know what to say about myself, I've never really done this. Lets talk, yes I'm real, the world didn't end. Chicago! Are you a SWM- Educated, Employed, Under 50 and a Gentleman? Are you a SWM- Educated, Employed, Under 50 and a Gentleman? Los Angeles If so we might be a match. Cute, single, white career woman seeks cool guy with gentlemanly attributes. Bonus points for education, career and affluence. Available for travel in the future if we become involved but nothing immediate. I select my friends carefully and I hope you do too. Please send a picture and tell me about yourself. Yes, I am real. No, I will not send a photo first. Sorry but this is my ad. You get to call the shots on your ad! Thank you. Los Angeles! Prince Charming Prince Charming - 26 ChiTown Hi Guys, I'm looking for a good friendship to start with as a foundation, and see where it goes from there. A guy that can make me laugh will definitely go far. Me: SBF, 5'8, be mindful that i like to wear high heels that make me taller. I'm curvy and thick in all the right places. I am 26, work in my field of human resources, and very focused as my dreams are coming true. I am no stranger to hard work, and I know a good relationship take team work. I am down to earth, love to make people laugh, and very fashionable. You: Should be respectful, funny, romantic, works hard for a living, educated, and able to balance your finances. Its a plus if you have big strong arms. MUST SEND PIC IN REPLY, I will respond with mine if I am interested! ChiTown! Prince Charming Prince Charming - 26 ChiTown Hi Guys, I'm looking for a good friendship to start with as a foundation, and see where it goes from there. A guy that can make me laugh will definitely go far. Me: SBF, 5'8, be mindful that i like to wear high heels that make me taller. I'm curvy and thick in all the right places. I am 26, work in my field of human resources, and very focused as my dreams are coming true. I am no stranger to hard work, and I know a good relationship take team work. I am down to earth, love to make people laugh, and very fashionable. You: Should be respectful, funny, romantic, works hard for a living, educated, and able to balance your finances. Its a plus if you have big strong arms. MUST SEND PIC IN REPLY, I will respond with mine if I am interested! ChiTown! wanting to meet my soulmate wanting to meet my soulmate - 29 Oak Park I am trying to meet my Mr. Right. I'd like to find a serious relationship, however till I meet the correct guy I'm open to some thing without strings. Write me and send a pic, I'll respond with one of me. Oak Park! Hey great guy - are you out there somewhere? Hey great guy - are you out there somewhere? - 28 Los AngelesCulver City Craigslist was always a gamble, but I don't remember it being so awful in the past. Haha. Now I quickly scan through and all the posts are either people looking for beneficial relationships or looking to get high. Just so you know, I'm not looking for either. Bring completely honesttransparent - I am an L. A. native who is a little bored right now and thought I'd hop on CL and see who else is out there. Since I'm a native I have tons of free time on my hands - shopping is done thanks Amazon! and I don't have to travel for the holidays. I can't help but wish I had someone special in my life though, so here I am, posting away! Looking for a guy who is preferably between 28 and 38, not a drug user, doesn't have a cat, has his life mostly together because really, no one is perfect, is thoughtful, affectionate, smart, and fun. Yes, I know, that is a lot to ask. As for me, I'm 28, I love to make my friends laugh. I love my job, naps, live music, art, and trying out new restaurants. See me a note and lets see if sparks fly this holiday season... Los AngelesCulver City! Vivacious SBF seeks SWM or SLM for LTR Vivacious SBF seeks SWM or SLM for LTR - 33 Queens Hello I'm a 33 year old single black female who is 5'7 with medium length dark brown hair and brown eyes-I don't have any kids. I work in the education field. I'm very curvy in the true sense of the word not code for BBW. I go to the gym often during the week to stay in shape. I would describe myself as attractive, intelligent, confident, genuine, loyal, affectionate, motivated, a techie geek, inquisitive, vivacious, and a romantic. I'm a non smoker and I'm seeking the same. I'm d d free and seek the same on that as well.. I also have a small dog and a cat. I would like to find someone to date and connect with for a possible long-term relationship. Let's get to know each other and see where things lead. I'm not looking for a fly-by-night relationship-I have never been the type. However, please be emotionally, emotionally, and physically available to date. I'm not looking for a text or email buddy. I'm not looking for hookups or FWB as well. Looking for someone that I enjoy being around whether it's having great times out and about or just staying in to watch a movie and cuddle on the couch. It seems like everyone says it, but I really don't have time for the drama and nonsense. I like to live my life easy-breezy without the b. s. I'm simple, but energetic at the same time. Life is short, so I don't like to take things for granted. I find that it important to have good character, morals and family values. I hold myself to the same standards. I'm seeking a single honest, good-natured, and open-minded man who is from 33 to 40 years old white or Latino. I'm 5'7, so I just want someone who is taller than me- 5'9 or taller. Please respond with a pic and brief info stats and age. Please don't leave out your age when responding. I have pics and will exchange pics when I get yours. Guys, please don't send shirtless pics of yourself in the bathroom or gym. I don't find that stimulating or attractive at all. I'm open to dating someone in the 5 boroughs, LI, parts of New Jersey and Yonkers. I drive and I have my own car. Thanks for taking the time to read my ad. Hope to hear from you soon. Take care. Queens! Westwood student looking to grab Ethiopian food tonight?! Westwood student looking to grab Ethiopian food tonight?! - 25 Westwood Hello, I am 25 years old, living and attending school in Westwood, looking to meet someone local tonight to grab some Ethiopian food on Fairfax. Ideally we can meet at the coffee bean located on Santa Monica and Beverly Glen first then carpool along to dinner as I do not drive or I can take a cab there. I am 5'7, tan brown skin, light colored, fit, pretty, and stylish. I've been craving Ethiopian food badly, hopefully you enjoy it or at least willing to try it. Ethiopian is not for everybody, takes an open mind to eat with there hands ; This is for tonight only as I leave town early tomorrow for a week. So chop chop, send your photo to receive my photo. Westwood! r u out there?????? r u out there?????? - 54 nw side chicago HI, IM A BBW, BROWN HAIR EYES.. I'M 5'4... YA A SHORTY... LOL... I'M LOOKING 4 MAN WHO'S DOWN 2 EARTH, LOVING, CARING, HAS A GOOD HEART THAT KNOWS HOW 2 TREAT A LADY... I LIKE GOING OUT, A MOVIE OR 2 THE LAKE AT NITE WATCHING THE STARS GETTING 2 KNOW EACH OTHER.. BOWLING THE ZOO, TAKING WALKS IN THE PARK IS COOL WITH ME.. I LOVE ANIMALS, KIDS, HAVING A GOOD TIME DOESNT MEAN IN THE BED SEX COMES LATER ON WHEN WE GET 2 KNOW EACH OTHER,. I WANT A SERIOUS RELATIONSHIP WITH SOME ONE. SOME ONE AROUND MY AGE... SO PLEASE NO YOUNG BLOODS.. SO IF YR INTERESTED DROP ME A LINE OR 2... WE'LL TALK PIC 4 PIC.. THANK U MERRY CHRISTMAS HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!! lt;3 nw side chicago! Looking for someone real Looking for someone real - 28 Chicago I have posted this before, but still no luck. I have been thinking about this for a bit. I know that I am not ready for a full on relationship but friends with benefits seems so not me exactly. What I am looking for is a boyfriend experience, that may lead to a relationship. I want someone to hang out with, go out with, party with and yes have sex with. Monogamy is preferred. Who I'm looking for: -smart -fun -cute would be nice but personality can make anyone hot -local is preferable -race doesn't matter - age isn't important but closer to mine is preferable About me: -5'3 -cute -fun -outgoing -ambitious -since race is important to some I will mention I am black I could tell you my exact cup size but that is something you should appreciate after a conversation. I'm often called petite. Desperation or lack of options is not what brings me here. I would hope that we as adults can be open and honest about our expectations, which often does not happen when you meet someone. If this arrangement seems like something you would be interested in I look forward to hearing from you. Your picture will get you mine. Hopefully, it won't be of your cock. If this is still up I am still looking Chicago! seeking a interesting guy to hangout with seeking a interesting guy to hangout with - 27 West Athens I am 5 foot 7 inch, green eyes, sexy tanned body, smart and outgoing. Interested in somebody who is interesting has got a job, a car, no children, and is between 18 and 59. I would want to talk a little and then maybe go out for drinks if there is a connection. Contact me and we will see where this goes. West Athens! Looking To Get Set Up On A Date Looking To Get Set Up On A Date Loop I am looking to get set up on a date with a Latin gentleman that is in his forties from the Chicagoland area. If this is you or perhaps you may know of a single Latin man that wants an honest relationship, please let me hear back from you soon. I am turning to the public for help with finding love the old fashion way through word of mouth. Loop! 420, Chinese food a really hot chick 420, Chinese food a really hot chick - 23 West Hollywood So a little ab me: 22 yrs old, petite perfectly fit. Mixed race with a pretty face. I've tried 420 a few years ago and for some reason I've recently thought ab trying it again. I would like a cool guy to come over tonight and bring some good 420 and munchies. I'm fun, friendly bubbly. Would really love some cool company. Send a pic and put 420 in the subject so I know you're real West Hollywood! What happened to dating? What happened to dating? - 30 Chicago You actually get to know the person and go places. You spend time together and are full of anticipation. I'm really over the let's have a drink or two and go straight to sleeping together. While that may work for some, I am not a fan of it. I miss real dating. I miss being pursued. I miss the mystery. If you feel the same way, feel free to message me. I'm 30, white, 5'5, average size, outgoing, creative, and unique. Personally I'm more attracted to white and asian guys near my age so those responses go to the top of the list. : Chicago! over-educated, underpaid and forever alone over-educated, underpaid and forever alone - 32 imgur Nothing like the holidays to remind me how I've not hit any important adult milestones. I would like to find a nice, non-normal guy to eventually bring to these holiday parties. It's no fun to be the single cousin, with no mortgage, no kids, and no current of failed marriages under my belt. The whiskey helps, but, I have to admit it would be nice to show off some awkward guy who matches myself in smarts, humor and geekiness. Now that I'm fairly sure the world isn't ending I guess I should seriously pursue these things. imgur! Synchronicity Synchronicity - 34 West of Pilsen Art, design, mid-century modern furniture, plants, animals, Latin culture, organic chemistry between 2 people, music, idealistic views, liberal politics, learning, reading, caring, laughing, unconditional smiling listening. Historically it becomes complicated; looking for a change. West of Pilsen! I want to get married 3 years I want to get married 3 years - 28 Cali Yes title say it all.. I want someone that has no kids. Someone that is funny and like to travel. Good income.. Pic for pic.. 27-35.. No older of no younger.. Good luck.. Cali! interested in a fun guy to get to know interested in a fun guy to get to know - 22 Hillcrest I got brown eyes, 5 foot 10 inch tall, got a sexy body, and I'm outgoing. I'm in need of a man that's younger than 55 and interesting. I'd wanna findout if we got some chemistry, and then perhaps go out to have drinks. Hillcrest! Nothing SLEAZY-just looking for someone to hangout with for NYE Nothing SLEAZY-just looking for someone to hangout with for NYE - 50 Chicago The title says it all - 2 SBFs looking to meet 2SMs for New Year's eve For a reply, please response with: ---a pic --- description confirm that you're single and have a car, financially secure no tightwads, provide height, and a description of your personality--we want to avoid weird habits Race is not important. Will reply to all serious replies... remember a pic and description guarantees a reply Chicago! i wanna meet a guy who's adventurous i wanna meet a guy who's adventurous - 24 Oak Park I would like to find a man who is out going. I was married until just recently, I'm not seeking any thing committed yet, Perhaps it will become some thing more, but for now I just want a play mate. Oak Park! Let's start something new : Let's start something new : - 28 A new year is fast approaching and it has me looking for my partner in crime. About me: 5'1, Latina, brown hair and eyes, and several tattoos. I'm a good girl and I'm looking for a good guy to get to know and see where it goes. My many loves include music rockindie mostly. , food and beer -- specifically Abita's Christmas Ale is my favorite this season. If I sound interesting, drop me a line. Your pic may get mine. I. e no nudes please. Hope to hear from you and have a happy holiday. ! funny, smart... looking? funny, smart... looking? - 28 chicago Hi there, Just wondering is anyone wanted to chat with me, I just wanted to make new friends out here and take it from a platonic standpoint strictly first! Anyone with relationship issues, or needing advice someone to talk to, I'm all ears too. chicago! i would like to find a honest guy i would like to find a honest guy - 26 Hillcrest I am trying to find a man, not another man child. I am done with guys that play games, I am trying to find someone real. I am trying to find a friend to start, and then maybe it can turn into something more. If you want to know more then simply contact me. Hillcrest! Honorable Jewish Guy Honorable Jewish Guy - 53 NYC Spirited intelligent down-to-earth attractive redhead 53 seeks sweet soul to join me on Carlebachian Jewish spiritual path. Please send pic. NYC! Let's see if we are compatible papi chulo? Let's see if we are compatible papi chulo? - 30 queens I'm a Libra. Mother of one child, college educated. I'm more of an introvert. Enjoy staying home watching a good movie or going out dining at fine restaurants. I like to go out dancing here and there. I like playing video, card, and board games. I occasionally partake in some high grade which helps to stimulate my creativity. I enjoy a nice glass of wine over alcohol. I'm loyal, honest, trustworthy and all those wonderful qualities that makes a good woman. My actions speak louder than my words I'm very analytical but not judgmental. This makes me extremely open-minded I am looking to settle down. I love laughing and making others laugh. With that said, I am not the arguing type. I'm too laid back for that So... If papi chulo, if you are ready to settle down and like what you've read send me an email. My description: 5'7 tall 135lbs to 140lbs depending on what I ate that week dark brown eyes and dark brown skin short stylishly cut hair you can walk outside with me in the daytime, I can assure that. queens! BBW seeking normal guy BBW seeking normal guy - 33 NW Chicago Hi! Happy holidays. I just a normal girl seeking a normal guy to spend some quality time with. In the hope of it leading to a more serious relationship. I like going to the movies and watching sporting events. So bummed about hockey not being on :. I'm looking for someone who is cute, in my eyes, funny, easygoing, and likes to have a good time whether we go out and do something or stay in and cuddle up while watching tv. I'm blonde with blue eyes. 5'9, BBW, fat, full-figured whatever you want to call it. Please send a picture. I know it can be weird but I am a real girl. It's Christmas day! Please be about my height or taller and around 26-40 years old. Thanks so much. Enjoy your holidays. NW Chicago! SBF Thick, Beautiful, Professional SBF Thick, Beautiful, Professional - 60 lax all races welcome to respond, age 40-70. I am divorced for a long time now and ready to be serious, and get married again. So, please do not respond if you are not marriage minded for the near future. I am 5'7, thick, curvy, sexy,great personality, good sense of humor, christian catholic. don't mind other religions of jewish, baptist, methodist. Anyway i don't have a new years' date. I love jazz, comedy, plays, social events, fine dinning,, a little cha-cha, gumbo. I want to meet someone that is available to travel, short weekend drives up North or Mexico, cruises. If you are unable to do these things please do not respond. If you are confident and ready to meet someone honest, sincere and you are stable, secure and lovable then send a picture of yourself and i will get back to you. Oh yeah, tell a complete detail about yourself picture, so I can get an idea if we could possibly be a match to start. Oh, for the record no pitbulls or cats, snakes. lax! Holiday fun! Let's meet Holiday fun! Let's meet - 22 Los Angeles Hi let's get together... Send your info including phone number No number no reply Los Angeles! Curvy Girl Looking for Love : Curvy Girl Looking for Love : - 29 North Side I am a smart, fun loving girl... with curves! To me this seems like the best combo in the world, and I'm sure lots of you guys do too. I'm very confident, but friendly. I'm very independent, I make my own money, have my own place and have my own car. I want a man to share things with. Not someone to take care of me. I like men to be up front, I do not want someone who pretends to be a certain way to impress me then after a few weeks turn into a completely different person. I do want a mature man. Someone who is in the same boat as me, job,car place and looking for someone to share it all with. I love reading, travel and exploring the arts. I really love photography and meeting someone who has a passion for the arts would be perfect. I also have a job, very grounded in the real worldfinance so someone in a similiar situation would be awesome. I like museums, road trips, and in general exploring our beautiful city. Im not one to sit still, however with the right guy, cuddling and take out can be amazing. I'm not too girly, however I am not a complete tomboy. Most people would say that I am grounded with a sense of humor. My ideal first date could be anything, from trying a new restaurant or a walk on the lake and picnic. My ideal guy would be intelligent, fun loving, mature, down to earth, someone who has a dream.. who wants to do things. Looks are not important but attraction is. I love guys of all races, just someone who doesn't mind a girl with curves who hasn't let herself go! North Side! Movies later Movies later - 23 Hey fellas! Who's up for seeing a movie later tonight with a fun gal? Send me an email if you're interested. ps I'm not looking to hook up but would always like a new friend :! Looking for Love in All the Wrong Places Looking for Love in All the Wrong Places - 32 Los Angeles Looking for someone likeminded to hang out with and see where things go. I enjoy yoga, being active, live music, traveling, and having new adventures. Sometimes staying in with a movie can be fun, but I get bored of that pretty easily. Physically, I'm plus sized size 1618, but working on it. It would be great to find a workout partner who is also into eating healthy. I'm also a vegetarian, but you don't need to be just as long as you aren't someone who likes to eat at McDonald's on a regular basis. Other physical stats: I'm 5'5, red hair, blue eyes, fair skin. Most people seem to find me attractive. I hate the term bbw, but I suppose I qualify. Ideally, I'd like to find a relationship based on mutual interests and philosophies. That being said, I'm also a very passionate and sensual person. I'm looking for someone emotionally, physically, and spiritually healthy. In general, I tend to be attracted to guys on the taller side, but honestly someone's character qualities are more important that their height. Funny guys are also a plus. I realize craigslist probably isn't the place to be looking for a quality partner on Christmas Eve, no less, but I'm an awesome person looking at ads on here, so I'm hoping I'm not the only one. Thanks for reading and Merry Christmas! Los Angeles! i am hoping to meet an adventurous guy i am hoping to meet an adventurous guy - 28 Hillcrest I'm trying to find an out going man. I'm easy going and like to enjoy myself. I dont smoke, and drink every now and then. I am recently divorced, so I don't really want to get into anything serious just yet, I am just searching for a playmate for the moment, may become something more over time. Hillcrest! Something about the holidays.. Something about the holidays.. - 30 Astoria.. That makes people want to be in love, or maybe it's just me. LOL. Now that I have a little more time.. why not use it to meet someone new and see where it goes? I'm looking for someone around my age, close to where I love Astoria, stable schedule, outdoorsy, smart, funny, and sane. Don't know if it's as easy as I make it sound to meet a guy like that but hey.. it doesn't hurt to try. _ Shoot me an email if you sound like someone I'm looking to meet and we will see where it goes from there. Thanks for reading and happy holidays. Astoria! looking for a relationship with an smart guy looking for a relationship with an smart guy - 24 Oak Park I am hoping to find a serious relationship with a mature intelligent man. I am not searching for a one night stand or something like that. Your race and age don't really concern me. Tell me a bit about yourself and please include a picture. Oak Park! im here im here - 35 Im single, divorced, and would like to date someone new. just looking to connect and make the best and see what happens... maybe meet the one... much more to say, send a pic and we'll talk... ! New year new experince : : New year new experince : : - 20 westside-southbay Hi,,,,,I am a 20 ages women wanna a sex partner in new year... Big boobs, heavy pussy and beautiful ass are available here,,,,Any one intrested can send me your details with picture by mail.. I am waiting for response... westside-southbay! Date for tomorrow the 25th Date for tomorrow the 25th - 27 Lakeview So, most places are going to be closed tomorrow, we've all got the day off my first in a long time and all of my friends are going to be out of town for various reasons. About me: 5'7, blonde, 140 lbs, nonsmoker, attractive, creative, fun. You: responsible, good looking,between 28-40, and a gentleman. I was thinking maybe a movie. If interested, please respond WITH A PIC and if I want to talk, I'll get back to you with a pic of myself. Lakeview! searching for a decent man searching for a decent man - 26 Oak Park I've got black eyes, 5 foot 8 inch tall, got a nice body, and I'm out going. I'm trying to find a man that's not older than 55 and funny. I'd want to find out if we've got some chemistry, and then perhaps go out to have dinner. Oak Park! Attractive lady Attractive lady - 63 greater chicago A classy lady wants a permanent relationship. Well-educated, intelligent, attractive Asian lady, 5'1, 122 lbs, enjoy classical music. swimming, reading, travelling. in search of a gentleman: who is between 55-70, he must be educated, intelligent, easy going, well-established, and is marriage_minded. Thanks!!! greater chicago! Happy people please apply!! Happy people please apply!! - 35 Crystal Lake I'm spending the first Christmas away from my family and it's a little weird but not sad... Kind of enjoying the time at home. So I've posted a few other times on here and have been very surprised at the responses... all pretty normal! There are nice guys that are on CL! haha who would have thought? One thing I've found is either people want to exchange just one or two emails and meet... I gota get to know you a little better before I feel comfortable meeting. Or we have great conversation and then all of a sudden poof you're gone. I'm not looking for endless emails either but enough to know if we're going to click. While I'm not expecting to find the love of my life here I'm also not looking to find just a FWB. Something kind of in the middle. I'm tall 5'10 just a smidge over today's average American woman. Blue eyes, brown hair, fair complexion w freckles. Drink occasionally I'm more of a beer girl... having one now as a matter of fact. I do smoke so if this is a deal breaker for you thanks for reading no need to go further... Here's my you should list: 1 Be tall.... Guys tend to guess down so if you guess you're 6' then we should be fine 2 Be single... seriously married men stay away. If you didn't know what you were getting into and you're sexually frustrated and didn't figure this out before you were married shame on you. I do not want to be your girl on the side 3 Be ready to enjoy the quiet in life... I live in the country.. yes there is a corn field right across the street. 4 Be ready if you are NOT right around this area to make the drive... I don't want to hear that you can't come over because you don't want to drive an hour and a half. I drive it every day tofrom work it's not that bad. I do not need to see you every day but once a week would be nice 5 Like yourself and don't depend on others for your validation... I like who I am and don't need to be constantly told that I'm good or pretty or whatever. Be strong in who you are as well. Confident but not cocky is what we're going for. 6 Be employed... just as I don't need to be taken care of I don't want to have to take care of you. 7 Be between 35-42... no additional comentary needed here Hope you're having a great Christmas! Crystal Lake! Let's Meet, Date, Lust and Fall in LOVE Let's Meet, Date, Lust and Fall in LOVE - 35 WLA where ever u are Are you a 'mature man of pure substance, looking to find your one true love? Look no further, I'm ready to give you the magic pen to permanently sign your name on my heart. I'm seeking Quality not Quanity, and I'm hoping to be your #1 Leaing Lady. I will answer sincere inquires wth the proper introduction... NO GAMES. WLA where ever u are! Curvy woman size awesome15 Curvy woman size awesome15 - 25 Los angeles I'm not looking for anything serious but i do want regular action. I'm little thick means have an ass, a nice chest and thick parts. If that doesn't turn you on then don't response. Los angeles! Let me dance sexy for you Let me dance sexy for you - 24 Los angeles I truly enjoy to serve sexy belly dance to guys before play. Need a guy for tonight. If any interested guy out there mail me... Los angeles! trying to find my mr. right trying to find my mr. right - 21 Rochdale Village I am looking for my prince charming to fulfill my dreams. I'm an intelligent girl searching for romance from a special man. I'm looking for a committed relationship, however I would consider something without strings until the right guy comes along. Write me and tell me about you. I will reply with my pic. Rochdale Village! Big girl looking for love Big girl looking for love - 39 South Richmond Hill Hi, my name is Wynnette and I am 39 years old. I am 5'10, 310 pounds. I am looking for a handsome man who has a job or owns his own company. I hope that we can have a relationship and let it go from there. I don't have any kids and hope that you don't either. This way we can start together. I enjoy bowling, eating at restaurants, and spending quiet evenings at home. Feel free to contact me. Oh and please send me a pic. Looking forward to hearing from you. South Richmond Hill! Latina looking for someone Latina looking for someone - 19 I am 19 yrs old I am looking for a Latino thts around my age will like to have fun c: If you think thts you email meh with a picture!!! No picture noo replyy!!! in need of a funny, adventurous, nice man in need of a funny, adventurous, nice man - 21 Forest Park Whats up, in search of a fun, exciting, honest guy to chill with. Perhaps see a movie, have a drink, and ofcourse have some good private times. Looking for a guy who is 21 to 50 yrs old. I'm in search of an on going sexual relationship with out committed. Forest Park! Tall- Attractive- and I have a sense of humor Tall- Attractive- and I have a sense of humor - 35 Chicago or suburbs This might be a long shot I'm posting on Christmas Eve hoping that there just might be a sane, nice, funny guy on here. Please only contact me if you are single and have a great sense of humor! I have my act together in life and would make a wonderful wife and mother someday. My only downfall is I need to lose a few extra pounds but it is nothing crazy. I'm tall, have a very pretty face with blondish brown hair. If your up for texting lets try it and see if we click : Merry Christmas! Chicago or suburbs! blk girl for white guy... blk girl for white guy... I'm 26, thick, cute with a gorgeous smile... nothing against other guys but I have a strong attraction to white guys... just looking for someone to talk to and take it from there... I prefer someone in my age group please... ! in search of a fun, adventurous, honest guy in search of a fun, adventurous, honest guy - 22 Gardena I'm in the market for an exciting and interesting man for a goodtime with. I am sure we will enjoy some great times in private. I'm in the market for a repeated casual encounter with the right guy. Gardena! Romantic heart woman needs same Romantic heart woman needs same - 25 westside I'm not sure it is possible to find happily ever after but I would sure like to give it a try. I am a true romantic at heart who hasn't been swept off my feet in a very long time. If you are interested tell me about youtself and your ideal date and maybe send a pic. westside! i would like to find a guy who is out going i would like to find a guy who is out going - 21 Laurelton I am searching for an outgoing man. I want to have a good time, and need a man to hang out with. I like to drink every now and then but I do not smoke. I'm recently single again, so I dont really wanna start something committed yet, I'm just seeking a f buddy at this time, perhaps it will become something more after a while. Laurelton! i would like to find a honest guy i would like to find a honest guy - 28 West Athens I am hoping to find a man, not yet another man child. I am done with men that play games, I am hoping to find somebody real. I am hoping to find a friend in the beginning, and then perhaps it could become something more. Send me a note if you'd wanna find out more. West Athens! i'd hope to meet a sincere guy i'd hope to meet a sincere guy - 27 Elmwood Park I am in search of a relationship with a mature educated man. I am not searching for a booty call or some thing along those lines. I do not care about race or age. Give me something about your self and I'd ask that you include a pic. Elmwood Park! Males in need of a curvy girl??? Males in need of a curvy girl??? - 22 Chicagoland Any males looking for a curvy girl?? I would like to find a man who know what he wants in life, is straightforward, no mind games and has all his priorities together. I am looking for someone between 23-27. Caucasian or Hispanic. NO GHETTO. Someone educated. Body type isn't important. Is looking for a relationship and know what he wants. Your picture will get mine. If you are serious about finding someone please do not hesistate to email. Please rely with your favorite animal in the subject area. Merry Christmas btw Chicagoland! Sola y aburrida Sola y aburrida - 24 Queens Hola soy latina y ando buskando un amigo para kompartir lindos momentos y porke no una relacion. Queens! My Pichi Indian Babu... My Pichi Indian Babu... my heart Babe, Our first kiss... How could you forget... our first kiss? The car, the tree, the lakefront... I passed by the other day and I just cried. The happiest day of my life is when we met. How could you tell me that you love me and then say goodbye? Who does that? All of our hours of fighting... for what? So much you need to learn about real love. Real love is forgiveness. And now... I am really worn out lately... this stress i have not needed. My heart hurts. I was sooooo happy... and you were too. And now without you... there is an emptiness... Like a hole in my heart... and it feels cold. My life is just not the same without you in it. I miss you. I need you.. I love you. Merry Christmas Sweetheart... Even if you never see this... at least I said it. A fool in love... my heart! nice looking unmarried girl interested in good man nice looking unmarried girl interested in good man - 23 Oak Park I have black eyes, 5'6 tall, have a slim body, and I'm friendly. I'm interested in a guy who's no older than 59 and amusing. I'd want to see if we have any connection, and then perhaps go out to have lunch. Oak Park! searching for my mr right to take my breath away searching for my mr right to take my breath away - 27 Glen Oaks I am hoping to find my Mr. Right. I'd prefer to find a serious relationship, but till I find the correct guy I'm open to some thing casual. Message me and send a picture, I'll respond with one of me. Glen Oaks! Quirky Seeks Complimentary Quirky Seeks Complimentary - 30 Uptown Quirky unconventional youthful female seeking company for various awesome possibly even mediocre activities. HWP nerdy type with lots of personality a healthy sense of adventure. Movies, shows, coffee shops, museums, ice skating, book stores... Send a photo tell me some of your favorite things. Looking forward to any films or any talented musicians coming to town? Uptown! After Holiday Drinks After Holiday Drinks - 21 Chicago I'm sure we've all had our fill on family fun yesterday, today later or maybe you've had companyparties all week or will the rest of the week I've had a great holiday so far, but I'd love to go out and meet someone new and refreshing. What better way to really get to know someone than to throw a few back? So after all our holiday fun today, I say we go out, have a drink and who knows, maybe we'll find ourselves under a mistletoe! Age: Twenty-One Height: Five-Two Body type: Average Hair: Brown Eyes: Brown Be career driven, goalfamily oriented, and make more than minimum wage, I'm not looking for you to support me, as I have my own career, I just not looking to support you. insert giggle Essentially looking for friends, but would be open to date. First rounds on me. Chicago! i'm trying to find an adventurous guy i'm trying to find an adventurous guy - 27 Gardena I am searching for an out going man. I want to enjoy myself, and want a man to hang out with. I like to drink some times but I dont smoke. I'm recently divorced, so I don't really wanna start something serious just yet, I'm just seeking a f buddy at this time, perhaps it will become something more after a while. Gardena! i am trying to find a man, not another man child i am trying to find a man, not another man child - 26 Oak Park I am looking for a man, not yet another boy. I am tired of men playing games, I am looking for somebody real. I am looking for a friend in the beginning, then perhaps it could become something more. Write to me if you'd want to find out more. Oak Park! BBW for white man BBW for white man - 21 I am looking to hang out with a WHITE guy who is fit and likes BBW. I am not into any other races, sorry I hope that isn't offensive, but I know what I like. I would like to meet someone between the ages of 21 and 31. I would really appreciate it if you do not send me any cock shots. Pic for pic you will not be disappointed. ! any latino bulls or lakers fans? - w4m any latino bulls or lakers fans? - w4m - 24 chicago I have tickets to bulls v. Lakers game on jan 21. Im looking for someone fun and interesting to join me. The person who i was going to go with cant make it. I am a lakers fan. By the way i am hispanic and i prefer tht the person who joins me also be. let me know if your a bulls or lakers fan No pic no response chicago! Looking for my soulmate - Here's his description Looking for my soulmate - Here's his description - 38 Chicago At least 5 ft 7 in 33 - 45 years old Doesn't have any kids College educated Likes to travel and has been abroad Funny, considerate, caring, honest, loyal, and has an optimistic attitude about life. I am 38 years old, 5 ft 4 in, 110 lbs, college educated with 2 degrees, well-traveled, multi-lingual, never married, no kids, but I think they are cute. Please write with your Age Height. Also, please include your picture. Thanks. Chicago! I BELIEVE IN LOVE I BELIEVE IN LOVE - 49 CHICAGO I am looking for a man to love, to be happy, to share life with! I am SWW, physically fit, intelligent, attractive I am looking for someone to develop a relationship and have great life together, filled with excitement, love and adventure. I am looking for someone sane, safe and intelligent. I would appreciate a picture. Thank you! CHICAGO! Who can warm me up? Who can warm me up? - 32 Chicago A sentimental girl with a dainty face, a delicate build, and a passive nature who wants to submit to whoever who could get her warmed up in this Christmas season. Chicago! Looking for someone real Looking for someone real - 28 Chicago I have posted this before, but still no luck. I have been thinking about this for a bit. I know that I am not ready for a full on relationship but friends with benefits seems so not me exactly. What I am looking for is a boyfriend experience, that may lead to a relationship. I want someone to hang out with, go out with, party with and yes have sex with. Monogamy is preferred. Who I'm looking for: -smart -fun -cute would be nice but personality can make anyone hot -local is preferable -race doesn't matter - age isn't important but closer to mine is preferable About me: -5'3 -cute -fun -outgoing -ambitious -since race is important to some I will mention I am black I could tell you my exact cup size but that is something you should appreciate after a conversation. I'm often called petite. Desperation or lack of options is not what brings me here. I would hope that we as adults can be open and honest about our expectations, which often does not happen when you meet someone. If this arrangement seems like something you would be interested in I look forward to hearing from you. Your picture will get you mine. Hopefully, it won't be of your cock. If this is still up I am still looking Chicago! looking serious friendship, ltr, Swm 48-56 looking serious friendship, ltr, Swm 48-56 - 47 Queens, Manhattan I'm asian, 47, divorce, looking for serious friendship, Ltr, get married, with intellectual businessman, hardworking, smart, good personality, handsome, settle himself, own the house for himseft, single white man between 48-56 years old, min 6tall, lived at Queens or manhattan, nyc only... Send me your profile and your picture... Thank you.. Queens, Manhattan! Stay True Stay You Stay True Stay You los angeles I enjoy experiencing new things i'll probably try anything once. I love to snowboard, go on walks, racing, shop, dance, read, and write. I hope to one day own my own businesscontracting and development. I honestly listen to all type of music but my favorites are r b, jazz, pop, and rap. Overall, I'm just a friendly social girl looking to meet fun people who enjoy life and want to be friends. los angeles! i'm a nice looking unattached woman i'm a nice looking unattached woman - 21 Oak Park I am a 21 yo girl, employed, mature, and respectful. I am looking for someone respectful, mature and able to have a casual relationship without getting clingy. Trying to find a sex friend between the age of 18 and 59. Oak Park! Opposites Attract- Cute, Conservative Girl Looking For Tattooed Guy Opposites Attract- Cute, Conservative Girl Looking For Tattooed Guy - 30 North side Im a petite, shapely, attractive, professional, African American woman living in the Lincoln Park area. I was raised quite conservatively but as of late I've been wanting to break out of my shell. One day while out I met a guy who had the face of the boy next door but was covered in tattoos from the neck down. I found something about that to be so hot and now I'd like to find a similar guy for dating. The criteria would be tall,white, attractive, clean cut, professional, smart, and down-to-earth and decorated with tattoos. Your picture gets mine. Please if interested. Laters! North side! Christmas Christmas - 21 Chicago Well I don't really have any plans. So, how about we go on a date? Nothing too crazy, we could catch a movie, get some dessert, walk around downtown... it did snow on Christmas. how appropriate A I'm pretty normal all around. Just looking for a non akward-weird type of date. If it all goes well we'll do it again... Shoot me an email and we'll take it from there.. Chicago! thick latina thick latina - 28 cv i am a thick latina 28 years old intrested in white hispanic males only for friendship first or ltr.... If intrested please reply with a real picture of yourself and your favorate color cv! lonely and new bbw mexicana lonely and new bbw mexicana - 35 santa monica Hello, I just moved here and don't know many people. I had to stay in town for work and am trying to make the most of it. Feeling a little sad and thinking of what I can do to make it better... I think an adventure is in order. Let's meet for a movie, pretend we've known each other for years and potentially have a romantic time. Nothing crazy, just sweet company and maybe a few laughs. I would like to meet tonight on the west side. I'm a smaller full figured woman with great legs and a sweet smile. I have very long hair and pretty lips and eyes. I like tall men with manners and good sense of humor. Please be between 30-40 years old. Your pic gets mine. Please don't send me naked pictures, lol. Merry Christmas! santa monica! Lonely Latina in the Chi Lonely Latina in the Chi - 28 Chicago Merry Chirstmas!! I am bored and Lonely 5'1 180 thick brown hair eyes not your average girl I am not into partyie I like movies and converstaions on the couch Looking to chat with someone special I am attracted to bigger men in size Chicago! Real SWF Bored home after Sandy and thought I'd give this a try! Real SWF Bored home after Sandy and thought I'd give this a try! - 24 chicago Ok so not sure what I am going to find on here and my friends and family would never ever ever believe I did this! But hey I am getting a little stir crazy being couped up from this bad storm and thought hey let me take a chance : chicago! Do you have blue,green or grey eyes? Do you have blue,green or grey eyes? - 35 Do you have blue, green or grey eyes? Are college educated? not a tattoo wearing, 420 brain dead druckard? If you've answered YES to questions 1 and 2 and won't ever consider inkingtattooing and smoking your brains out like a fucking brain dead ex congang banger then shoot me an email if you're a mature, clean cut, nerdy type of male. ! Seeking True Love The Upcoming Year Seeking True Love The Upcoming Year Loop Happy Holidays to all this season! I am seeking true love for myself for the upcoming year. My particulars are single Latin gentleman in their 40s. If this is you are you perhaps know of someone that is seeking the same, please do let me hear back from you. Thanks for helping and have yourself a great day. Loop! need a guy to hang out with need a guy to hang out with - 25 Oak Park I'm trying to find an outgoing man. I want to have fun, and want a man to chill with. I like to drink frequently but I don't smoke. I am recently separated, so I do not really wanna start something longterm so soon, I am just searching for a f buddy at this time, perhaps it will become something more after a while. Oak Park! 420 babe 420 babe - 23 Weho All my family is on the other side of the country I don't have many friends here so I am super bored. I just recently got back into smoking and am in the mood to blow something. I live alone and want someone who wants to come keep my company bring some 420. It has to be good though bc I can't smoke just anything. I'm 23, very pretty w a great body. I'm open to race and age just don't be a creep. I'm not looking to hook up or anything like that. Just chill Be willingly to come to me in west Hollywood. If you don't include a pic in your first message I will not reply Weho! Great girl seeking quality man 32 Great girl seeking quality man 32 90035 I am: goodlooking, slender, sense of style, down to earth, funny, Asian, fair. You are: kind, considerate, chivalrous, easygoing, successul, thoughtful, smart, honest, mature and a good heart. Bonus if you are tall, athletic and sophisicated. Let's get to know each other. Your pic gets my extra attention. 90035! I enjoy nights and nights of s... I enjoy nights and nights of s... - 24 Los angeles... I like variety and i like dressing up even more. I enjoy nights and nights of sex, so prepare to be worked to exhaustion. By the way, i like being in charge. Los angeles! Breakfast at Tiffany's Breakfast at Tiffany's - 25 Have you ever seen Breakfast at Tiffany's and was envious of their relationship? Holly reminds me so much of myself: spontaneous, enjoy the finer things in life, like to have my way, get away with everything, a troublemaker, heart breaker, and somewhat disturbed and frightened at heart. Looking for some random rendezvous like Fred and Holly have. Let's be partners in crime, have some drinks, do some lines, smoke some cigars, and go to a classy strip club. So put on your suit, I'll put on an elegant cocktail dress, and let's go have a night of doing things neither of us have ever done. No pressure. Just like Holly, I'm not looking for anything romantic. Just a good friend for good times as a fake, handsome couple. Who's up for meeting tonight? Under 35 years old only. No creeps. Just be dapper like Fred. ! Make my night! Make my night! - 26 Los angeles I want to have fun tonight, anyone want to see me wear this tonight? Must drive and be willing to accomodate... I prefer my men dominant ang eager to please. Mail me asap.. Los angeles date this week date this week - 25 Queens Hi!!! I would like to go on a date with someone special this week. Possible date ideas include getting something to eat, seeing a movie, and walking around or some other activity that you think would be fun for a date. I'm in college, have a job in retail, do an internship two-three days during the week but am the type of person who makes time for their boyfriend. I'm looking for a boyfriend and will only wait for the right person to fill this important role in my life. I don't smoke, do drugs or drink alcohol. I'm attending college to be a teacher. I have pictures to trade if we click. I'm Italian, have green eyes, brownred hair and wear glasses sometimes. I am short 5 feet, smell great, and have a short haircut right now. I like to work and am hard-working. I also enjoy resting home sometimes on days off. I'm loyal, honest and an overall great catch. I'm in search of someone who is looking for a long term relationship leading to marriage eventually. Height is not a factor unless you're extremely tall which isn't my preference. I'm looking for a handsome man and not really the pretty boy type. Well, that's it. Please send your pic with your response and I'll send one in return if I'm into you. : Queens! want a guy to spend time with want a guy to spend time with - 25 Gardena I would like to find a man who is adventurous. I was married until just recently, I am not interested in any thing longterm so soon, Perhaps it will become some thing more, but for right now I just want a play mate. Gardena! Eclectic gal bored and need some company Eclectic gal bored and need some company - 35 Los Angeles Artsy kinda girl looken for normal hopefully creative and interesting guy.. Not ugly, not beautiful but cute.. Swf, 35 and 420 friendly, open minded and good conversationalist.. Awfully bored and dont want anything much but company, someone to shoot the shit with and laugh... Maybe chemistry, maybe not but dont sit at home alone and bored on CHRISTMAS NITE... Los Angeles! Looking for a good company Looking for a good company - 23 Chicago 23 Dark skin 5'5 on the thicker side. Looking for someone that I can be comfortable around. Chicago! Looking for someone different Looking for someone different SBF seeking SWM for possible LTR. I don't want to play games i just want to have fun. i am shor cute and smart. A litle shy at times. I just want to be around good company. I need someone to make me laugh and do things with. It doesn't take a lot to make me happy just having someone to be there for me is good enough. Also i don't like rappers nor do i listen to rap. If this is favorite genre hen you are not for me. I want to someone to take me camping and fishing. i love the outdoors and classic rock. Please responed with a pic and so will i. Also be btw 27 and 40. ! sbf bbw LTR sbf bbw LTR - 21 aurora Hi I'm 21 ND just ready to get back into the dating world I'm cool chill laid back 13 tattoos no piercing I work been to school no kids single ND want a long term relationship. So if you want to know more hmu in the email subject line put your age so I know its real age range 18-25 pic for a pic thnxx have a good day aurora! Meaningful perhaps... ? Meaningful perhaps... ? - 20 south So here I am, Merry Christmas to all who read! : So here's the thing, I have been single for a while. Was in a relationship for 2 years, the worst I might add. I don't want to get into anything rather quickly but take things slow. Start out talking, then go onto friends, and if time permits and the connections are there then maybe even more. Still interested? Keep on reading... What I am searching for: someone whom I can get along with, talk comfotably, be myself without any worries. Someone who is mature and responsible. Who has something going for them not just wasting their life away. A person who can actually keep a conversation going. Oh, be atleast between 20-26. I can go on and on but I don't want to make this super long. Are you still here? lol Great!! So I left the last part to give a little about myself. I am born and raised in Chicago southside I am 20, but very mature. I am latina, 5'7, a bit bigger than most girls. I work and go to school. I have a big heart and I am very nice. Yet, I know how to defend myself. I can be very sarcastic, a smart-ass lol as well as a big dork : I'm not a party girl, more laid back. I'll leave it at that. If anyone is seeking the same I will be here. If you do reply, tell me about yourself and what you are looking for. Do NOT reply with hey whats up? I will not answer. P. S. you get a pic when I get one. hope to hear from you. south! seeking city guy near my age to date seeking city guy near my age to date - 30 chicago the city I'm a single woman living and working in Chicago, looking for a single romantic guy near my age with no baggage or drama. I'm a diverse woman- love listening to Erykah Badu and Alicia Keys, eating Italian and Puerto Rican food, dancing to deep house and hiphop, and relaxing whenever. I'm looking for a diverse romantic guy to date, to share good times with. Your pic gets mine. Just don't send me spam, be old, offer or ask for money or be a perv. I'm looking for a real good guy : chicago the city! attractive average bf tired of living alone looking for companionship attractive average bf tired of living alone looking for companionship - 40 nyc Kind and caring black female looking for serious companionship with a sane mature and caring man that I can eventually share my apt with. I'm not looking for someone to pay my bills because I can do that myself. But you must be employed and willing to share some expenses. I'm honestly not doing this for financial reasons, I'm just tired of living alone after a few relationships that never progressed that far. Please be real and ready for something serious. I'm not into immaturity or playing games. nyc! its been to long since i have had a guy its been to long since i have had a guy - 25 Rochdale Village It's been a longtime since I've had a guy. Perhaps we could get together for dinner or drinks some time. Perhaps it'll go somewhere, maybe it won't. Rochdale Village! in search of a nice guy in search of a nice guy - 23 Forest Park I am 5'5, hazel eyes, nice tanned body, intelligent and out going. Trying to find some one thats funny has a job, a vehicle, no kids, and is in between 20 and 59. I would wanna talk a bit and then maybe go out for dinner if there's any chemistry. If you would want to see if theres a connection get in touch. Forest Park! Looking for him Looking for him hi, I hope you, whom ever you are, is having a wonderful dayafternoonevening. Posting on here is new for me so I hope this post finds you well. I'm 21, plus sized size 18 pants girl. I guess you can say bbw... I'm just looking for someone to chill out with, the dating scene is pretty dry for me out here in ny. I'm not looking for anyone with kids, can't hold a conversation, and definitely not looking for someone who likes to play games. I'm fun, outgoing, and a bit nerdy. If you find what you just read hear interesting, respond. with a picture and the title interesting night out i'm looking for guys 21-25. If your older and don't like bigger women please don't respond. Thanks hope to hear from you soon!! Looking for a sweet sensitive man Looking for a sweet sensitive man - 26 Hollywood Hey Boys I am looking for a sweet sensitive guy who knows how to treat a woman. I don't care about looks. Just what's on the inside. You don't have to show me a pic. Only if you want to. I like gentleman, caring, honest, respectful. If you want a one night stand or to just get laid don't bother. I don't care about age either. I hate to text, so don't ask. P. S. I love a man who likes my writing: And I don't mean the writing on my ad, I mean real writing, lol. Writing is my life, my passion. Also, please don't just reply saying hi or what's up. Say a little bit about yourself please: I like nice guys who express themselves easily. I am a writer, if all you have to say is what's up, how is that going to work? lol. Intelligence is my biggest turn on. If you don't like to read I am not the girl for you. I will ask you read my novel, yes I will: Looking forward to hearing from you: -Heather Hollywood! Ebony female looking for Asian male Ebony female looking for Asian male - 25 NW Suburbs I am a attractive tall Ebony female looking to date or hang out with an Asian guy. I know it is weird but I have recently become attracted to asian men. I work as a Nurse and I come in contact a lot of attractive Asian men. I know most of them stick to their own race but I am pretty sure there are a few out there willing to explore other options. I am tall, lean, chocolate complexion, long black hair, pretty face. Send your pics and stats and I will reply back with mine. Thanks. NW Suburbs! seeking a committed relationship with an educated man seeking a committed relationship with an educated man - 25 Hillcrest I would wanna find a guy to have a committed relationship with. A casual encounter isnt some thing I'm interested in. Please send a picture of yourself if you decide to write me. Hillcrest! New man... for New Year New man... for New Year - 32 queens, ny NEW YEAR on the corner, I am single and looking for love. A fabulous man with a loving heart. Honesty, happiness, passion, and romance are what I am looking to give and receive. queens, ny! seperated chubby chick seperated chubby chick - 39 nw just left a real fucked up sitution... not at all gonna sugar coat shit. currently being harrassed by the asshole but he cant understand its over. im tired of broke ass men, men with no respect. i understand most of u wanna fuck eventually but damn can i get a fucken burger or a drink or a nice dinner. i work hard to take care of me i gotta take care of ur shit too??? really!!! hell naw... this has gotton old, tired and just no fun at all!!! me... latina, short, cute and chubby. and extrenely tired of garbage. no pic, no reply no dick pics, especially if ur not hung. dont embarrass urself. merry belated christmas... nw! Merry Christmas My Love! Merry Christmas My Love! - 27 los angeles I Am a Very Good And Respectful Lady, I am honest and Faithful and love to go the beach and etc, Well, Am here seeking for my soul mate someone who is ready for something serious A hot lady I Am a lady that take life as it comes cause no one knows tomorrow and i believe so much in God cause he is the creature of heaven and earth. I don't underrate anybody cause you cant say. I will like to have a date with a man that is honest,caring,faithful and God fearing and also a man that is mature enough to handle a relationship. los angeles! in search of some body for repeated encounters in search of some body for repeated encounters - 28 Laurelton I'm an attractive single woman. I'm in search of some body between 21 and 60 years old. I'd wanna find some body that will not get attached. I can not wait to receive your messages. Laurelton! Looking for a mentor Looking for a mentor - 29 Queens I know we have all our own things going and this is not the right place but is there every a right place, looking for a mentor, someone reserve mature intelligent,to really give me some direction am really getting eat up by the city. About me 29 Caribbean no kids Looking for my passion in life Queens! i miss being held by a man i miss being held by a man - 25 Elmwood Park I miss the feeling of being held by a man. I am 5 foot 5 inch, physically fit, blond hair, with brown eyes. I would like to talk a bit first and then perhaps meet for dinner or drinks. If we have some chemistry who knows where it will lead... Elmwood Park! seeking a interesting, adventurous, nice guy seeking a interesting, adventurous, nice guy - 23 Hillcrest I am looking for an exciting and funny man to have some fun with. I'm certain we'll enjoy some great times in private. I am looking for a recurring booty call with the correct man. Hillcrest! goodman needed goodman needed - 25 Anywhere Hi ci my name Ramona i am 25 years caribbean lady. i am single and seeking a goodman to be with, i am a good woman and know how to treat a goodman. Anywhere! bww want to friends bww want to friends - 40 san fernando valley Hey Everybody : I want to friends,love,and company Im work too mucht, No more Time lonely... please read and send your pic!!!ok? NO PIC NO RESPONSE! please maybe tomorrow we can go WALK,o in the night for dinner HAPPY NEW YEAR! san fernando valley! unattached lady looking for a good guy unattached lady looking for a good guy - 21 Oak Park I'm a never married girl looking for a good guy. I care about honesty above all else in every part of a relationship. I've got blonde hair and green eyes, I'm around 125lbs and 5 foot 8 inch tall. Oak Park! i want to find a honest guy i want to find a honest guy - 26 Glen Oaks I am searching for a man, not another man child. I am done with guys that play games, I am searching for someone real. I am searching for a friend to start, and then maybe it can turn into something more. If you want to know more then simply contact me. Glen Oaks! Date for New Years Eve Date for New Years Eve - 23 Rogers Park I have no plans for New Years Eve. I want to do something, to be with someone and have the magical kiss on New Years Eve! I would love to ring in 2013 with someone new! I am single, 23, white, black short hair, slim, 5'5, 120lbs and can send pics. I AM NOT LOOKING FOR SEX DO NOT SEND PHOTOS OF UR JUNK! Thanks!! : Rogers Park! good looking never married woman interested in good hearted man good looking never married woman interested in good hearted man - 26 Evanston I am 5 foot 9 inch, hazel eyes, slim tanned body, educated and friendly. Interested in somebody who is amusing got a job, a car, no children, and is between 21-45. I would wanna talk a little bit and then maybe go out for lunch if there is a connection. Contact me and we will get this started. Evanston! bbw looking for some company bbw looking for some company - 27 northside sassy bbw looking for someone to spend some time with. dinner or drinks then maybe something more? please be single, a gentleman and live reasonably close to the city. oh yeah, be looking to meet. no one likes a flake northside! Saudi guys? Saudi guys? - 49 SoBay I know this is a long shot but are there any Saudi guys in Los Angeles? I am considering working there and want to talk to you... Thanks SoBay! Sane and Fun seeking to meet SAME men only Sane and Fun seeking to meet SAME men only - 43 Chicago Well educatedemployedno childrenlove pets catsdogshorses, love to travel nationallyinternationally, love museums, cultural venues, events, movies, cuddling, cooking rarely do I because cooking for one is sooo boring, NON Smoker, NON Drinker okay if you're a SOCIAL drinker, NON Drug user-- disease free but don't mind going and get tested if going into a substantial and monogamous relationship-- actually I PREFER it; You: AT LEAST 5'116' preferably heightweight proportioned- AT LEAST -200lbs if you're really tall you can be as much as 250 -- it's okay if we need to work out together, I've been donating dollars to the health club for over a year now. I prefer AABlack men but at this point if I'm attracted to you regardless of your ethnicity, then I may consider... You MUST be intelligent, sane, safe, kind, HONEST, assertive but NOT aggressive definitely NOT passive aggressive-- that's the worst!, if you have children 1-3 that's fine too; again we're just kinda at that age where it is expected. I don't have any but would like to. It would help if you're either a professional college educated or a successful entrepreneur. I realize college isn't for everyone-- but at 40 a solid means of earning is a reasonable expectation. NO NSA's or curious to date and AA woman types please.. Thank you for your time. Your pix gets mine. Chicago! Seeking My Soul mate... Seeking My Soul mate... - 25 chicago I am honest, decent, active and warm-heated lady. Where is my soul mate... i am wait for U Romance as well as a hope to find my true love always lives in my heart and soul. Really need U... ?!!? chicago! Want a real relationship with a larger lady!? BBW here Want a real relationship with a larger lady!? BBW here - 34 Chicago-Streeterville If you like BBW's, and you are looking for a long term relationship... I might be the girl you are looking for! Please be 5 years younger or older, over 5'9, educated, live in Chicago and easy and going! I'll keep it short and sweet! Tell me more about yourself. Chicago-Streeterville! Seeking Attractive Italian male that loves Ebony women Seeking Attractive Italian male that loves Ebony women - 30 chicago Sexy Ebony female looking for attractive intelligent ITALIAN Male. IAM AN CURVY Size 12 female. intelligent great sense if humor like to have fun. always been attracted to Italian males:- chicago! Lookin for somethen... Lookin for somethen... - 25 Arminta If you want to be my playmate please email me here with a photo and I'll reply with mine. I am fit, attractive, 25 years of age and interested in meeting a male who is also looking for someone to spice up his life a little with me. I am clean and discreet. Arminta! Do fairytales exist? Do fairytales exist? - 32 Ozone Park I'm not a princess -- just a girl No magic from a wand I twirl Don't live in a castle -- just a house You're not a knight who wins the joust There isn't a prince or unicorn You won't slay a dragon -- no crest to adorn No fairytale kiss that I'll be receiving So maybe it's time that I stop believing If you think you can prove me wrong, send me a response. Please don't play games, be between 30-40 and reply with a picture. I'm good hearted, Italian, 5'5, family oriented who is looking for someone who not only wants a long term relationship, but isn't afraid to admit he's in one and is proud to stand by my side. If you are looking for the same thing I am, are patient and are willing to not only give love, but recognize when you're receiving it and appreciate it, then give me a shout. Ozone Park! BBW seeking Casual Relationship FWB BBW seeking Casual Relationship FWB I am seeking casual relationship or FWB which involves companionship, sex, movies together, and possibly even travel. I am looking for someone who is looking to have fun without a commitment at this time. I'm not looking to be sexually active with multiple men, so I feel this would be the ideal situation. I am looking for someone who would look to get together anywhere from one to a couple of times a week. Must be able to host. I am seeking someone between the ages of 30 and 40 years of age, 5'11, and seeking a similar situation. Please feel free to go ahead and send me an email if you are interested. ! The posting In Lamhon Kei Damon Mai - 38 West Chicago The posting In Lamhon Kei Damon Mai - 38 West Chicago She is hideous!! This woman is SOOOO desperate. She posts multiple times, I like Indian women, BUT THIS CHICK IS HIDEOUS. Yes, I asked her to send me a pic and she did and when I saw the photo, I THREW UP!! That is how hideous she is. She needs to get a style that is NOT from 1940 and she posts 2 to 3 times a day! She is hideous!!! Let me give you sensual satisfaction Let me give you sensual satisfaction - 21 chicago I love to go out and have a good time but also understand responsibility. I love to look good every day. My goal is to find a good guy to be happy with and to have all kinds of fun with. Interested? e-mail me for nsa... chicago! are you him? are you him? hi, I hope you, whom ever you are, is having a wonderful dayafternoonevening. Posting on here is new for me so I hope this post finds you well. I'm 21, plus sized size 18 pants girl. I guess you can say bbw... I'm just looking for someone to chill out with, the dating scene is pretty dry for me out here in ny. I'm not looking for anyone with kids, can't hold a conversation, and definitely not looking for someone who likes to play games. I'm fun, outgoing, and a bit nerdy. If you find what you just read hear interesting, respond. with a picture and the title interesting night out i'm looking for guys 21-25. If your older and don't like bigger women please don't respond. Thanks hope to hear from you soon!! Connection Connection - 36 I am an educated, fit, and healthy single Asian female, looking for someone who has the desire and potential for a long term and long distance relationship. I would like to have a stimulating conversation and share a close connection with someone very reliable. Please be fit, educated, intelligent, and sweet single male around my age. Please write me back only if the distance does not matter to you since I am in Chicago area. Your pic and self-introduction will get mine. Hope to hear back from you!! Lets be dirty and bad Lets be dirty and bad - 24 chicago Anyone out there looking to party tonight? Let me show you a good time. Love to play with a hot guy's hot cock. chicago! in search of somebody to hang out with in search of somebody to hang out with - 21 Oak Park I would want to meet a guy to hangout with, and certainly enjoy each other while in private. I've got red hair and green eyes, weigh about 110 pounds, I'm 5'11 and good looking. Oak Park! hennesy hennesy - 18 chicago I'm from the city born and raised I have pictures opon receving yours ill email mines I would like no married men I'm latina young I like to go out to partys arcades movies etc.. I do work mon-thrusday just trying to meet new ppl to cruise around drink some just chill keep it under 24 chicago! Seeking Latin Dance Partner Seeking Latin Dance Partner Loop Hello and Happy Holidays to you and your family! I am seeking a Latin salsa, merengue, bachata dance partner that I can hang out with and dance with on the regular improving my dancing skills at the same time. If this is you, or perhaps someone you may know of that would like a dance partner to practice with, please do contact me to get together. Open to dating if the chemistry is there. Please be single in your forties and include your photo. I will get back with you soon. Loop! SBF for an amazing guy SBF for an amazing guy NYC Hi! Me: SBF, DD free, no children, in my late 20's, well traveled, educated, employed, honest, pretty, 5'7, shapely build- definitely not fat, great style and awesome disposition. I have a positive outlook on life and want to meet an amazing guy who is a great conversationalist, smart, funny and an all around good person. You: single, DD free, educated, honest, fun and witty. Late 20s to 40, a gentleman, not sleazy, cool, fun. Likes to go out and enjoy NYC: dinner, movies, cultural events, etc. Race isn't a issue to me and shouldn't be for you. Us: Let's get to know each other and see where things go. No NSA here. I'm a real person not a bot, so don't be shy, send a picture with a message and I'll return the favor. Speak to you soon! ;- NYC! day after holiday work blues day after holiday work blues chicago somebody cheer me up! I'm back and work and pouting! : please be single and send a pic with your response and I will send one in return : chicago! Seeking True Love The Upcoming Year Seeking True Love The Upcoming Year Chicago Happy Holidays to all this season! I am seeking true love for myself for the upcoming year. My particulars are single Latin gentleman in their 40s. If this is you, or perhaps you may know of someone that is seeking the same, please do let me hear back from you. Thanks for your interest and have yourself a great day ahead. Chicago! Seeking Event Friend Seeking Event Friend - 43 Chicago Looking for a SWM in their forties or fifties who would be interested in attending various events such as movies, plays, concerts, sporting events, art shows, museums, etc. I'm cute, sweet and smart. Please include pic. Chicago! New Year's Eve date New Year's Eve date - 31 Chicago city I like guys who are smart, educated, sense of humor, and kind-hearted. Here's some info about me: 5 ft 6in, 120 lbs, educated, polyglot, well-traveled, attractive, caring, never married, no Let's meet for a drink and go from there. Sincere replies only. Please include your age and your pic. thanks Chicago city! Looking for a connection Looking for a connection - 28 West LA 28, SBF, Los Angeles native seeking single male, any race, preferably 28-40 years old. Now that the stats are out of the way... I don't know what I can say that won't sound like what everyone else says, but oh well! I love movies mostly dramas and indie flicks, music mostly rock, but my collection is eclectic, cooking, traveling, reading mostly non-fiction these days, and writing. I love great conversations and one of the things I enjoy most about what I do is that I get to talk to amazing and interesting people about their problems and try to work with them to come up with solutions. Looking to meet someone smart, fun and kind. Hoping this person is a little more outgoingspontaneous and outdoorsy than I am though not a requirement, because sometimes I need that extra push to explore the great outdoors or do something out of the ordinary. Send a pic and tell me about yourself! West LA! Holiday break cocktails Holiday break cocktails - 40 Lakeview Looking a a fun and easy going guy to have a few drinks with in the near future. I'm attractive, smart and fun to be around. I live near Southport so lots of options to meet. Not looking for anything but casual fun and laughs. Get out and meet someone new. Send me a few things about you and a pic. I won't meet without seeing pics. Lakeview! Where are all the cute asian guys?? Where are all the cute asian guys?? - 18 Im not really lucky in finding my match : It would be really nice to date an asian for the first time in life. If your asian, and dont mind dating interracially then please respond! WITH PICTURE PLEASE! From the heart From the heart - 59 QnsLINYC Craigslist does not have the best reputation in the personals department, but I know there are men who are looking for a nice ladies. Even though I do state my preferences, there are guys who contact me, who have their own agendas and that is not what I am looking for. So for all those, please pass me by, you are only wasting your own time. We all know it only takes that one person who will make a difference in our lives. With age, comes the setbacks of finding a person who does not have the so called baggage, or personal issues because they have been previously married or involved. As teenagers there was never that problem. So with that said, I will tell you what I am seeking. It would be my pleasure to meet and get to know an honest, giving, loving man who is singledivorced. I prefer that he be near my age please no one under 55. I would hope he is a non-smoker because I do not smoke, be local, have time to invest in a healthy relationship. Some of those who have contacted me before say they have time but actually don't and that is essential in getting to know someone. I am a loving, giving person who has respect for everyone and I hope you will also. If we meet and it does not work out for whatever reason, have the respect of letting me know because I would do the same. I am a happy, upbeat person who wants to enjoy what each day brings. I am not high maintenance, nor am I demanding just looking for a kind, giving person. If I sound like someone you would like to get to know and have only good intentions in mind, feel free to contact me. When and if you respond, please send your picture and tell me a little about yourself. QnsLINYC! : : - 23 Westwood First time doing this... Not really sure what to expect I'm a student, working part time. I like music and food! : I'm asian 5'4, kinda short lol. Looking for a friendly guy to hang out with and have fun Westwood! Can we snuggle tonight? Can we snuggle tonight? - 27 blue line The festivities of the past few days have wound down, but I don't really want to spent the evening alone at home. I was hoping you might be an intelligent and thoughtful gent that might be interested in snuggling up for the night. Clothes on, not looking for sex, just... cuddling and chit chatting and giggling and being warm together. I'm blue-eyed and soft-skinned and a touch chubby and I smell delicious. Please send a photo and a little about yourself. blue line! It's cold outside It's cold outside - 31 Chicago Estoy buscando una relaci n a largo plazo. Tengo el pelo casta o y ojos marrones. Yo peso 125 libras y 5'4 de altura. Estoy buscando a un hombre compasivo, amoroso, generoso y divertido. Nunca he estado casada y no tengo hijos, pero me encantan los ni os con el hombre adecuado! Obviamente soy hispana y cat lica romana. Yo practico mi religi n. Me gusta ver pel culas, restaurantes, cocina, lectura, caminatas, paseos y mucho m s. Realmente me gusta divertirme con mi pareja. Busco a un hombre de 30-40. Gracias! Chicago! seeking a relationship with an intelligent guy seeking a relationship with an intelligent guy - 25 Oak Park I am searching for a serious relationship with a mature intelligent man. I am not interested in a one night stand or something like that. Your race and age don't really concern me. Tell me a bit about yourself and please include a picture. Oak Park! Delightful nights Delightful nights - 24 Los angeles I want to lick you up and down and swallow you whole share a beer and some time. Stay and come twice and make it especially nice... Mature men only; Los angeles! looking for a relationship : looking for a relationship : - 33 Chicago, not a suburb I'm not the bar or club type anymore. I'm single, live work in Chicago, love watching movies, going to concerts, hanging by the lake. I'm diverse-- love neosoul, Italian food, 80s pop, deep house music, Chinese and Puerto Rican food. I'm 5'3 and 120 lbs with dark brown hair and brown eyes. I like all races but not all ages, so be near my age and not an old perv. Your pic gets mine : Be classy, not trashy. No naked pics and be single. Chicago, not a suburb! Are you a World Traveller? Foreigner? Exchange Student? Are you a World Traveller? Foreigner? Exchange Student? - 25 aim? I recently just came back from being abroad for a year and am already missing meeting international people. I would love to meet up for a coffee, tea, a walk in the park or just for a nice chat. It would be nice if we can share our stories about travels, culture shocks and languages. But I do really like musicians, writers and artists as well. Aim? Aim: travellerontherun Me: World traveller, Asian-American, funny, outgoing, open-minded and cute. You: 22-35, Attractive, funny, spontaneous and passionate. I am NOT looking for a bend over buddy! I can find that anywhere. And guys with yellow fever, please do go away. Excuse me for my poorly written ad! Wish I had more time to work on it. aim?! Dinner and a movie? Dinner and a movie? - 34 chicago the city I'm not into clubs anymore. I miss just going out to dinner and a movie. I'm looking for a new guy near my age who is diverse like me- likes to try different restaurants, go to concerts, watch movies, chill on a cold or rainy day. Your pic gets mine. Just don't be old or a perv or a couple or married or with drama or baggage. Just be a decent guy : chicago the city! All I need is someone who cares... All I need is someone who cares... - 24 And someone who will always be there. I don't need, but I would love someone to love me. Hopefully it's you. I'm looking for: -A man of course -Someone younger than 30 -No specific ethnicity -Someone who has a sense of humor because I love to laugh : lol -Someone who can just be real. I can't stress it enough. I can't fathom immature, fake people And last but not least... -SOMEONE WHO CAN INCLUDE A PIC You will receive mine in return : Hope to hear from you soon! Home aloooone... Home aloooone... - 22 Rockaway Park Hey, I'm a fit, white, Eastern European female, love to 420. I'm a musician, and it would def be in your advantage to be artistic as well! This year has been the first time I've been away from my family for the holidays, and I kinda just locked myself in, but it's snowing outside, I have a giant tv, comfy couch, warm blankets and such. I'm not really looking for anything serious, but I'm not completely opposed to the idea, cause ya never know right?!HMU and maybe you could come by and rescue me from my boredom! Reply with a picture-- gt;no pictureno response-- gt; Just being straight up here, if I'm gonna share the warmth of my home with you, I gotta at least know what you look like before hand! : Rockaway Park! I just want to be loved I just want to be loved - 24 I'm beginning to believe this site doesn't work it's full of bots. Can't hurt to try. I hope I'm not asking for much. I'm looking for someone who isn't afraid but ready to be in a relationship. Must be faithful, drama free, loving, caring, all that good stuff. I'm a 24 year old female with a mixed ethnicity. I don't have any kids, single never been married. All ethnicities are welcome. Please be younger than 30 years old include a pic. That'll help to get a quick response. Put your age in the subject line so that I know you're real. Thanks for taking the time to read my post. Have a good day. Remember no pic, no reply! Seeking a good man Seeking a good man - 24 All the good men seem to be taken or either looking for friends with benefits. I'm under the impression that there are no real men left. What category do you fall under? Let me make it clear, I'm not looking for a friend with benefits, one night stand, a fling. Whatever you want to call it. If you consider yourself a good man, reply with a pic let's see where this goes Me: 24 You: Older than 21 but younger than 30, please no offense! Lonely girl looking for friend to talk to Lonely girl looking for friend to talk to - 24 Chicago 24yr female looking for someone to talk to on these lonely night I'm a mom email me if you want to talk Chicago! cute bbw looking for a cute faithful boyfriend cute bbw looking for a cute faithful boyfriend - 25 hi guys so ill make this quick im a sweet down to earth female in los angeles im single no kids and would like the same im into light pale skin men i have tattoos and some piercings so you must be ok with that must be funny be able to make me laugh and not be so plain and boring anyways if your interested at all please reply back with a short sweet message including a picture and i will return one too well goodluck everyone! Big girls need love too! - w4m Big girls need love too! - w4m - 32 Latina BBW, size 20-22, seeks boyfriend for LTR. I don't go out much and all my friends are in relationships or a lot younger than me so I thought I would give this a try. I don't want to play games so please don't play games with me. I'm caring, understanding, giving, loving. I'm a great kisser. I love to laugh. Looking for a non-smoker, between 30-39, with a sense of humor and affectionate. I understand sex is an important part of a relationship but if that's all you're looking for please don't waste my time, there is the casual encounter section for that. Thanks. Your pic gets mine. I'm real, hopefully you are too. ! Alone at home tonight Alone at home tonight - 24 westside I'm a well-rounded person who rents an apartment alone. i need someone in my life who is there to be with me, not necessarily looking for a long term commitment. Some fun here and there would be nice. i can be discrete if that's how you want it. westside! I want my new bf to be a mechanic I want my new bf to be a mechanic West May sound funny... but I love guys who work on cars andor trucks. I've always been attracted to them. It's a very masculine thing and well, I love guys who reek masculinity. Tattoos and an embroidered name tag on your button-down mechanic shirt a plus! : Not only is it sexy, but it takes skill and great hand eye coordination. That tells me you may have a responsible streak, you aren't a huge partyer, have your ducks in a row and all that good stuff. Or... maybe not. It also tells me you're great with your hands. Steady, maybe slow, but definitely strong. Another thing about mechanics is they also seem to be the strong but silent type, down to earth kind of guys. Maybe I'm all wrong, but in all my experiences with mechanics, it's true. Me- just a down to earth woman, looking for something in the realm of dating and maybe long term. Respond and you won't be sorry : West! Get Acquainted, Meet for a Drink Get Acquainted, Meet for a Drink - 35 Chicago I'm interested in chatting and getting to know someone, then taking it from there. Please be single and dd free like me. Please be around my age. I'm a female professional, educated, and fun to be around. I'm easy going and looking for the same. Chicago! You Rock My Mind You Rock My Mind - 25 Saw you ova here Macklemore, but you are the love of my life No joke- take a chance? Can't help but smile When I hear your wit, and know I'm not the only one too lit to know. Trippin', but who really gives a fuck? Cus My Love is One love, and the lord knows she keeps me warm. email above, or just keep shouting through that beautiful radio mouth of yours... you rock as does bathroom craigslist poetry, St. Peter. ! trying to find a decent man trying to find a decent man - 26 Oak Park I've got blue eyes, 5'8 tall, got a nice body, and I'm out going. I'm seeking a man that's not older than 55 and funny. I'd want to find out if we've got some chemistry, and then perhaps go out to have dinner. Oak Park! cuddle cuddle - 28 brooklyqueens It is getting late, time to go to bed and for some reason I need someone to snuggle next to : I know it is sad, but it is a long story. Snuggle with me tonight please... please be good looking and smell like heaven : I promise I will be a bad girl. No email tags. Tonight or never. Preferably someone who doesn't have to work early tomorrow. brooklyqueens! Peppermint Bark is Awesome older men Peppermint Bark is Awesome older men - 21 Hi! Happy Wednesday. I am looking to chat with an older guy hopefully on the phone tonight and again hopefully have potential for a LTR don't you just love personal ad acronymsabbreviations? Firstly weird word, huh? I would like to get job advice. Whether you're an artist or suit-wearing downtown professional or a writer or work in marketing or something else, I'd love to hear from you. Unfortunately, I have not started my job search which I should soon... as I graduate from college in May. And also, magical banter would be nice but it also can't be predicted. Sometimes I think periods inside parentheses look better... and sometimes outside. Oh, blah grammar. I am trying to get into a running routine, and I ran for 30 minutes today awesome and modern danceperformance art. I'm really disorganized and cluttery. I love peppermint bark. I think self-improvement and self-knowledge as well as treating others well are important in life. My favorite Taylor Swift song is All Too Well. Tell me why this interests you, your favorite part of the holiday season, and your number. I look forward to hearing from you!! 2013 could be our year!! 2013 could be our year!! - 33 33yo female. Do I think I am going to find him on here... doubtful... but you only live once so why not try and see what happens. Now since I am skeptical I am going to put a lot of musts. If you are answering please BE these musts so that we don't waste each others time. MUST be 30-early 40's. Please live in chicago or within 15miles of the city I am a city girl and plan on keeping it that way for now!. I would like you to be college educated. ,I'm a big college football fan so you have to tolerate it at least. No pet allergies. I am Jewish so please be jewish OR willing to date someone jewish. Brownie Points for if you have a beard... LOL If you fit the bill say hello and lets see what happens. ! seeking textemail friend seeking textemail friend - 23 city of chicago I am in town for the night. I am a tall mature wild woman looking for some fun from a well cut physical man. My ideas arent to limited for fun. Respect, cleanliness, dease free, sane, willing to host an mature required. I ask that you put night life in your subject line. A picture will get mine if I finhot an if I dont I am polite enough to send you a line saying no thanks. city of chicago! NYU student? we might have talked... NYU student? we might have talked... - 18 NYC hey there, I posted on CL like about a few months ago to setup a blind date for my friend.. we exchanged a few email but never talked after that. You : college student, preety built, and bengali and i think u said u go to NYU.. not sure and arnd 21-24 yo if u happen to see this, please reply with the picture u sent the 1st time or something you remmeber about our conversation. you can reply here or shot me a txt at 3four7-5zero7-83eight2 PLEASE DONT BOTHER UNLESS U SOMEWHAT RELATE TO YOU CATEGORY. THANX! happy holidays : NYC! I Want To Experience Big Ones... !!! I Want To Experience Big Ones... !!! Queen I am young and active and want more out of life. I am in the prime time of my years and dont want to wake up one day and realize I have only been with 3 guys my whole life. I want to experience big ones, small ones, hard ones and soft ones lol. Queen! Asian or Brazilian Males please Asian or Brazilian Males please Attractive black girl looking for equally attractive counterpart to have fun with and perhaps more. Me: 5'5, short hair, pierced, and skinny. You: Preferably athletic with a car and between the ages of 21-27. Put the name of an animal in the subject line so I know you're real and post 2-3 pics. No pics, no reply. Hope to hear from you soon. ! at it again at it again - 18 So I'm trying this again. I can't say I've had no luck, just not enough luck. I just want to relax, watch movies, have a couple drinks. Or go out, do something fun, either way. A friend first, someone to goof around with. I'm super easy going, intelligent, funny, and I look for those same qualities in you! So if you like cuddling, food, movies,and can handle sarcasm, email me! Please be over 6 ft! friends first... something else later? friends first... something else later? - 21 chicago I'm looking for a friend with relationship potential... I like the rugged, bearded type. Who is also an intellectual... My friends tell me I'm looking for a unicorn. I don't think I am.. I'm young, with an old soul, so someone a few years older would be awesome. I love all things vintage, but love technology too... Tattoos are a plus... Please no creeps.. Your pic gets mine : chicago! Intelligentand Driven By My Passions... !!! Intelligentand Driven By My Passions... !!! Chicago I'm well-figured with an outgoing personality and love to smile, very sensual, creative, intelligentand driven by my passions, enjoy theaterart, love to travel, would be empty without music and bored without great conversation. I am a Christian. Chicago! tall swm into bbw? in the city? tall swm into bbw? in the city? - 29 city of chicago Not sure what the odd are of meeting a decent guy off CL, but here it goes. I am an average woman, who likes a variety of things. I like sports, I enjoy a good night at the bars, normal things. I'm a swf, 5'9, smaller bbw I guess. I don't really have a type but I like guys taller than me so 6' or over, I'd like someone between 28-37, sorry 21 yr olds and men in their 50s white and not a murderer. I'd like to meet someone who is not a just looking for fwb, I don't want to hook up with anyone on a first date or get emailed a pic of your junk or be asked for naked pics of me. If you'd like to chat or. talk more let me know. Also, of you choose to e-mail, say more than Hi, it helps the conversation flow better. city of chicago! Looking for a real man... No games! Looking for a real man... No games! - 25 Jamaica I am a 25 half black half Spanish woman looking for romance. Please no white guy need apply because I am only into black and Hispanic men. I am 5'1 but am also 250 I am a big girl currently trying to lose the weight. If you are not into big woman you need not apply as well. I'm down to earth a lot of fun and know how to take a joke or two. I'm just looking for Prince Charming, funny place to look but hey he might be out there. Lets talk!!!!! Jamaica! Haven't dated in a while Haven't dated in a while - 27 Because of school and now work I've become kind of a hermit. I'm trying to get back in the dating scene mostly by making an effort to go out with friends and be more social. Meeting people at bars is tough so I thought I'd throw this out there and see what kind of responses I get. About me: I like movies, tv love homeland, game of thrones, Friday night lights, among others cooking, sports, politics, reading. I'm pretty hilarious and a sense of humor is the number one quality I look for. I'm also looking for someone who is kind, smart, has their shit together, and doesn't mind being with someone who is independent. A pic would be nice. Respond with you sound awesome so I know you're a real person and you think I sound awesome. ! I Want a Boyfriend: I Want a Boyfriend: - 20 Chicago I want a guy who likes to cuddle and watch movies. I love movie marathons! I also like going out and having fun. Pretty easy going and fun. Send me an email so we can get to know each other and hopefully make a connection. Write your favorite movie in the subject: Chicago! A sexy one night encounter need A sexy one night encounter need - 29 Chicago I'm an easy person to get along with. I am respectful of others and know when to keep things on the hush hush. Boyfriend is not necessary. Sex will do fine for now. Pic for pic first? Chicago! couch surfer seeking weekenddate 4 NYE couch surfer seeking weekenddate 4 NYE - 40 North of Chicago I'll try this again. I got plenty of bogus responses last time I tried this. mostly guys who are married and want to show off their junk... whatever dude! ------------------------------------ I'm planning on visiting the Chicago area for a few daysnights and then celebrate New Year's Eve 2013. Let's start up a conversation and see where things go from there. Me: 5'2, African-American, slimaverage size, attractive, college grad, enthusiastic and energetic. Would like to meet someone with the same energy level so that we can go out, dance and you can be my NYE date for a party I'm invited to. You: 40's - 50's, 5'5, you can dance, good conversation, intelligent, preferably single and ready to be sociable. RACE doesn't matter Please, attach a fully clothed picture of yourself preferably a recent picture of you. I have a pic to share. Respond in the SUBJECT line: NYE 2013 celebration let's have a good conversation via email... I hope this works out well Looking forward to hearing about you and your likes, hobbies, etc. Peace! I've had to delete several emails that did not have attached pictures and deleted those with no response and those that had phone numbers only. I'm real and will travel and hope to find a cool guy! North of Chicago! that old fashion type of love that old fashion type of love Hi, So in ny it can get a little hectic and busy. This seems to hinder the dating scenes here for me at least. I am a student and i'm 21. I'm very easy going and have a great personality. I'm just looking to see if there are any men out there that would like to hang out. I am a bigger girl or bbw if you'd prefer. I am not a bot, and this is a real post so please don't flag this. What i'm looking for you : a respectable guy, tats a okay, smoking is a turn off, you don't have kids, can hold a conversation, and can make me laugh. if you are going to respond you must be 21-25, like bigger girls, and must send a picture. only serious inquiries. And please tell me about yourself. in the subject line put your favorite color so I know you read this. p. s. no thugs and spanish guys get priority! what am I even doing what am I even doing - 18 I don't even know why I'm posting this really. I guess lately I've been feeling down and lonely. Possibly it's the holidays. I'm a student and work two jobs what else is new I guess I would just enjoy meeting someone around my age to become friends with or whatever? I enjoy fashion designmy passion, painting, reading, beaches, my kitten, tattooes, amoeba music, local shows, family etc. I look forward to chatting with some, IF anyone hahah! i want to take care of man, get married and have a family i want to take care of man, get married and have a family - 38 Redondo Beach Yes. I am looking to get married, have a family, to take care of man. I am beautiful white woman, 38 years old, originally from Europe. I am working in the office. I have a house. I have everything, except man around me. I had a lover but he was gigolo. I am looking for white man around my age, not overweight who has a job, car, house. replay with picture ONLY. Sorry but it's very important how my man is looks like. Redondo Beach! 19 years old and just wants to go out and have fun. 19 years old and just wants to go out and have fun. - 19 So I've done this to my cousin before, I do it at least 3 times a year because she always is messing with me and my girls. She is 19, fun, goofy, loves to laugh, always smiling and girly. But don't let any if that fool you she is very sporty and athletic and very outdoorsie. She can play ball she plays basketball, softball and rugby, she can watch ESPN all day, she LOVES hockey and can beat your ass like a man. She's funny ass girl, never a dull moment with her. Hit her up! She deserves this for messing with me. Funny thing is she's sitting next to me singing and doesn't know wth I'm doing lol. Blow up her email!!! i'm done with guys that play games i'm done with guys that play games - 21 Forest Park I am seeking a man, not another little boy. I am sick of guys messing around, I am seeking someone real. I am seeking a friend to start, after that maybe it can turn into something more. If you want to know more then simply send me a note. Forest Park! Is anyone up to chat? Is anyone up to chat? - 30 LA Having a bad day and could use a friend to talk to. LA is sad and lonely around the holidays and people are acting crazy today. LA! The Getty Saturday The Getty Saturday - 32 The Getty I want to hit the Getty Saturday. Anyone game? I'm actually in my late 30s but every time I post an ad with my real age, I only get responses from 50 year olds. No thanks my last boyfriend was 28. The Getty! Cum celebrate my bday! Cum celebrate my bday! - 25 La area I'm looking for excitement and Lotz if spoiling. My place or yours. I'm Thai and hawaiin very hot and fun La area! want a guy to chill with want a guy to chill with - 28 Hillcrest I'd wanna meet a man who's out going. I was engaged till just recently, I'm not interested in some thing longterm so soon, Maybe it'll become some thing more, however for right now I simply want a fwb. Hillcrest! unmarried a good looking girl interested in a friend w benifits unmarried a good looking girl interested in a friend w benifits - 21 Elmwood Park I am an attractive single lady. I am seeking somebody between 21 and 49 yrs old. I would like to meet somebody who wont get attached. I can't wait for your response. Elmwood Park! Local white collar gent needed. Local white collar gent needed. - 52 Chicago downtown If you are looking for a meaningful and stimulating LT relationship please drop me a line. You are Tall at least 5'11 College educated white collar professional Sophisticated From Chicago DOWNTOWN or close to the area Non smokercigars count too In your fifties Children GROWN, if any Stylish Me Single College educated professional Sophisticated and very stylish 5'7, size 4 Vegan, but you don't have to be Non smoker No baggage From downtown The rest remains to be explored. Thanks P. S. Just to make it clear, if you are out of town and much younger please do not waste time Chicago downtown! Classy, Intelligent Lady Classy, Intelligent Lady - 38 Chicago I am interested in meeting someone who is kind, intelligent and fun to be with! I am looking to meet someone who is white and between the ages of 30-42 and a professional like me. Please tell me a little bit about yourself and please also include a photo. Good luck to all of you with your search for your lovely lady! Chicago! Chicago Match Making Services Chicago Match Making Services Loop Would anyone know of a good Match Making Service with successful results? Have you or anyone you may know of have used a Match Making Service? If so, what where the results? Seeking out a Chicago Match Making service company in Chicago. Hope to hear back from someone that can help me find my Life Partner. Loop! trying to find my mr right to fulfill my dreams trying to find my mr right to fulfill my dreams - 28 Hillcrest I am hoping to find my Mr. Right. I'd prefer to find a serious relationship, but till I find the correct guy I'm open to some thing casual. Email me and send a picture, I'll respond with one of me. Hillcrest! Looking for an old fashioned gentleman Looking for an old fashioned gentleman Looking for an old fashioned gentleman who knows how to treat a lady. I am a MWF, European descent in good shape, looking for that special person to be happy with. 40 plus, enclose a picture, please. ! Looking for Ms. Jewel Looking for Ms. Jewel Ms Jewel, this is Jason, please email me back. I will explain what happened. Hope you had a wonderful holiday. ! Looking for A Great Date Looking for A Great Date - 26 Chicago Cute black female looking for an attractive single white male 26-33 years of age on this chilly fall evening. Pics are appreciated. To prove you're not spam, please put 2012 as the subject of your reply email. Chicago! Looking to find my soul mate Desi please!!! Looking to find my soul mate Desi please!!! - 25 Queens I feel like it's my time to get up find my true mate. I know he's also somewhere out there looking for me... So why not use all the sources to get connected?!!! So I decided to put a post here too.. BangladeshiPakistani preferred Queens! i am in search of a continued physical relationship i am in search of a continued physical relationship - 29 Oak Park I'm in the market for an out going and fun man to have a good time with. I am sure we will enjoy some great times in private. I'm in the market for a repeated casual encounter with the right guy. Oak Park! Have you ever been to Trump Hotel? Have you ever been to Trump Hotel? - 22 West Loop Yesterday, I was spending some time doing touristy things with my family when we stumbled upon Trump International Tower Chicago. Now, I'm not much of a Trump fan as a person but his hotel is exquisite. My first thoughts were that I had to stay there someday. Now, I'm a 22 year old college lady with a job but nowhere near the means I'm sure are necessary to book a room there. I apologize for sounding demanding, greedy, etc. but have you ever seen this hotel? Thus my next point; if you are currently staying there, will be staying there in the near future, or are looking for an excuse to stay there and could use some company... I'm happy to be of service. : I'm employed, educated, have a reasonable control of the English language and some others, and not entirely grotesque looking. What do you think? West Loop! Looking for a poor guy Looking for a poor guy Qnz ONLY Not a golddigger here! Let's be poor together. I am pretty much a broke gal and don't really have the to go on all these expensive dates. It's kinda embarrassing to be dating someone who is not in a similar situation. So I am looking for someone in the same predicament as myself. We can find ways to go on cheap dates ahaha. The winter weather also puts a damper on dating. Looking for someone nearby. Queens residents only. Thank you! Qnz ONLY! Winter Fling or more? Winter Fling or more? - 36 Chicago Would like to meet a professional educated type of guy... older preferred. I am an attractive, swf interested in meeting someone to hangout with. Whether it's drinks, dinner or a movie, I'm open to almost anything... Please tell me more about yourself and share a photo. Thanks for reading! Chicago! single life is boring single life is boring - 25 chicago I am an active lady who makes the most of everyday. I grew up in the chicago but have lived around the country for school and jobs at various times. I have a great network of friends and I like having a fun time both socializing with friendsfamily and being in the outdoors. I like going out at night for dinners and dancing but also am happy hanging out at home relaxing watching a movie, reading, etc. Seeking for Fun, energetic, social and stylish man for friendship and hopefully a lot more only men though!. Also, friends who like to go out around the chicago. chicago! Everleigh Social Club Everleigh Social Club - 30 Chicao Anyone familiar withbeen to this social club? Is it a legitimate social club or something you'd see at the back of an adult video store? My friend has been asked to model there and I'm doing a little research on her behalf. Thanks in advance. Chicao! concert buddy concert buddy - 57 brentwood wishing to meet a jewish man who wants to go to concerts with me. hope you like to dine out and enjoys live theatre and comedy. i bicycle and exercise every day. brentwood! in need of somebody to hang out with in need of somebody to hang out with - 28 Glen Oaks In search of some one to hangout with, got to the movies, go out to eat, and as well as have some fun with one another in private. I am 5'11, nice looking, 130lbs, and have brown eyes with blond hair. If you email me I would request that you include photos. Glen Oaks! i'm searching for an out going guy i'm searching for an out going guy - 26 El Segundo I am seeking an outgoing man. I want to enjoy myself, and want a man to have a good time with. I like to drink some times but I dont smoke. I'm recently divorced, so I don't really wanna start something serious just yet, I'm just looking for a f buddy at this time, perhaps it will become something more after a while. El Segundo! Looking for' Friendship Love' Looking for' Friendship Love' - 24 queens Hi,How do i start off by describing myself... well all i can say is i'm an outgoing person,love to laugh and have fun. Im very understanding a good listner,but not opinionated or outspoken!!!I try to live a healthy lifestyle always on the go. Looking for a partner that can laugh with me,hug me when i need it,and be my best friend. Looking to date and see what happens from there!!!!GOOD LUCK ON FINDING THAT SPECIAL SOMEONE... queens! Someone to love Someone to love - 21 Any Like the title say someone love me for me. I,n plus size still live at home with my family sad but true. Don,t drive. And live in Indiana. Most man look at me ugly. And I know it the true but still. Will if want talk email me Any! Marriage minded man sought Marriage minded man sought LA In this new coming year, I want to find that great man, get to know each other and at the end marriage. I am very fit and toned, take good care of myself. I am a warm, kind, loving young woman who is also cultured, very driven, goal oriented. I have many interest, like the outdoors lifestyle, the waterfront, beaches and more. I seek a man who as it all and know who he is, a man who enjoys exotic women. You're tall, athletic, smart, well educated, cultured and between the age of 38 to 47, warm, loyal, honest and a great guy. Thank you LA! Spend some time today Spend some time today - 23 hawthorne cute single blonde wanting to hangout with someone nice today,someone that is willing to help out a single mom, and we can have some fun tonight hawthorne! 420 friendly bbw 420 friendly bbw - 28 north side Smart, fun, attractive bbw looking for some mutual fun in and out of the bedroom. Seeking someone who is serious about meeting if it goes that way. Gentlemen preferred. I am pretty easy going, and not too picky, just be taller than me, have all of your teeth, and not be a total douche. 420 friendly would be great, but its not required. Good luck with your search! north side! dancing dancing - 29 Anyone going out that needs company? I wanna put these shoes to work. 5'2, black, 127 lbs. ! would love to meet someone nice would love to meet someone nice - 25 los angeles i have no plans today and would like to do something fun! looking for a helpful gentleman that wants to have a good time. los angeles! Looking for A Great Date... Looking for A Great Date... - 26 los angeles Cute black female looking for an attractive single white male 26-33 years of age on this chilly fall evening. Pics are appreciated. To prove you're not spam, please put 2012 as the subject of your reply email. los angeles! My Eyes Only For Single, Unattached, Tall, DD Free Gentleman Over 40 My Eyes Only For Single, Unattached, Tall, DD Free Gentleman Over 40 - 48 CHICAGO I am a 48 year old single, unattached DD Free, Beautiful, Plus Size Lady has a eye for a single, unattached, DD Free, Tall 5'11 or taller, non smoker, lite to non drinker gentleman for a long term committed relationship! INITIAL PICTURE FOR PICTURE! NO MARRIED OR SEPARATED MEN YOU ARE STILL MARRIED NEED TO RESPOND! TELL ME ABOUT YOURSELF!!!!!!! CHICAGO! Part Time Lover Need... Part Time Lover Need... - 26 los angeles I am looking for a white stud who is attracted to dark-skin not light-skin black girls. Pls be serious about meeting. I am 5'4, 120lbs, slim and 34B. Plz be serious about assisting. I do not want a boyfriend. I am easy going an nice. I am 100 willing to please you, but I am not interested in a boyfriend or a f k buddy. Hope to hear from you soon. los angeles! Ultimate moan groan... Ultimate moan groan... - 26 los angeles so you know what I mean from the title. life is fun indeed, but not for me now. I have no one for mating... so I wanna meet you, if you are a stud and an average one... I am above average too, hot as my friends say... my last relationship didn't work out, so nothing serious, it must be ltr los angeles! Reasons you should reply to this ad... Reasons you should reply to this ad... - 35 Wicker Park You got off work early and are not ready to be home yet. You are thirsty Maybe you are hungry too You seek an epic Wicker Park adventure You are a responsible adult who does not live in your parents basement You want to drink with a fellow responsible adult who does not live in her parents basement Maybe you like to play pool You might know where a dart board can be found You might know a bar with games better than pool andor darts You will attach a pic and a response with more than 3 words in exchange for my pic and more than 3 words. You know where your towel is You get that reference and I now have major geek props Wicker Park! Married but alone Need Horney Guy.. Married but alone Need Horney Guy.. - 29 los angeles First off I am married and not looking to change that just looking to fill what is missing from it. About me:Im not a skinny girl so if youth looking for someone thin move it along. I am into all kinds of things in bed and willing to try new things. Looking to get to know each other before me meet. los angeles! pub crawl pub crawl - 34 hermosa beach I want to be sponteanous today. I am not a big drinker but I have always wanted to do a pub crawl so why not today? Happy hour is about to start so lets go for it! Send a pic and tell me where we start our crawl. Looking to meet before 5pm. hermosa beach! hellp hellp - 24 i am seeking a generou man to help a ex military ex les, find her way back plz put ICON in the subject line! seeking a committed relationship with an educated man seeking a committed relationship with an educated man - 28 Oak Park I would like to find a guy to have a committed relationship with. A casual encounter isnt some thing I'm wanting to find. Please send a picture of yourself if you write me. Oak Park! WHITE FOR ARMENIAN WHITE FOR ARMENIAN - 20 West LA I am a white female looking for an older Middle Eastern man. Be over 30, respectful, and educated. This is not an ad for a hook up, fwb, or sex; not my style. NO PICTURE NO REPLY. Your picture gets mine. Please live on the Westside. West LA! A spark of attraction A spark of attraction - 26 I long for adventure and relationship. I am at a point in my life where I am ready for a commitment. Someone who can suit me best and is my match. I can narate all the things that I am looking for but if there is no spark, it'll be useless. it's all about chemistry, attraction. I am a decent, attractive looking professional woman, 26. Dont have much time to date as with work schedule but would you be a reason for me to change that? P. S A must for me is a guy 32 years old or younger, not younger than 26, professional, affectionate and knows what he wants. For those not looking for a serious relationship or commitment, then this post is not for you. ! HSV-Positive, 420-Friendly HSV-Positive, 420-Friendly - 47 LAX The truth is, more guys have HSV herpes, or have been with women with HSV, than you think. If I chose to keep this info to myself I think it would be easier to find a partner, but I believe in full disclosure... at least my conscience is clear. The other reason I'm not for everyone is my love for the evil weed lol I'm looking for a relationship-oriented man in his mid 40's to mid 50's, HSV positive or ok with it... and someone who loves 420 as much as I do, or close. :- I'm not attracted to dark skinned men, heavy tattoos, long hair andor bushy beards. I prefer a neat and tidy, clean and straight-looking type. I've met some cool people here on CL - it has not been the cesspool I expected. But, I am still looking for The One. I'm white, reasonably attractive and have been told I have a nice smile and pretty eyes. I am not SlimSlender but I am not what you'd call a BBW either. Please send a clean picture... Thank you! LAX! SBF looking for SWM SBF looking for SWM - 24 Lakeview I am a 24 year old new resident to the lakevew area looking to meet white men my age or a bit older. By day I am a preschool teacher and at night I am a student in Grad school at depaul. If this piques your interest feel free to email me. All serious replies please and PIC FOR PIC. Lakeview! Seeking live in or marriage Seeking live in or marriage - 48 Are you tired of dating? Ready to settle down with 1 woman? I am a sweet, sensitive, caring, very loving woman. I have many interests including reading, dining in or out, taking walks in the park, the beach, sports, going shopping, taking weekend trips, movies, music, books and I don't mind staying home. I am easy going and very down to Earth but classy. I am also an animal activist. I have blonde hair, hazel eyes and am considered pretty by most. If you are also tired of the dating scene and know how to appreciate the love and caring companionship of a good woman, feel free to drop me a line with a photo if you have one Please be at least 45 years old! looking 4 ltr w a spanish man looking 4 ltr w a spanish man - 30 queens Sweety, I'm not looking for no hook-ups Nor a quick fix No! I'm not interested in being Your friend with benifits. I'm in seek of a man I can Build with. Get better acquainted Be able to talk as we sit Stare deeply into each other's eyes As we chit chattn' bout pure none sense as we smile And giggle more than a little bit Because I love laughing And your goal is to continuously Keep this feeling going. Take your time to get to know me And you'll see, I can be all the woman you'll want and ever need. If you are really seeking a long-term like me, ready to settle down like me then lets chat Please be between 28 to 35 years of age I'm 30 yrs old and yes I have a child I fancy Spanish men Yo soy negro. Please be from either Bk, Qu, LI, or The City queens! Salt and Pepper, Over 50, Attractive Salt and Pepper, Over 50, Attractive - 50 Beverly Hills You-Non-smoker, easy going, attractive, heightwt. proportionate, educated, established Myself-non-smoker, attractive, heightwt. proportionate, loves family and friends Must send pic, or no response Thanks! Beverly Hills! Hey, Handsome! I can love you if you're ready. Hey, Handsome! I can love you if you're ready. - 30 Queens NY I personally don't feel like I should pay for a dating website but then again, you get what you pay for! And since this is free... My odds may be slimmer but... It never hurts to try! I don't like being single. I seek a man around my age to change that. Simply written. I like laughing and if you're not a stick in the mud or act like you got a stick up your A##, email me. I'm open to all ethnicities. However, your age location is very important to me. 5'7 short, about 140lbs i guess slim brown eyes and chocolate skin not the hersey kiss type but more like a dark brown milk chocolate. Queens NY! discover me baby discover me baby - 25 chicago I'm a very out going person with lots of dreams and Inspirations i love to talk and meet new people i want to do romance also if you want to know more please come and enjoy time with me... chicago! I need more! I need more! - 20 I know this is CL, the hook up spot of the internet world, but I'm hoping there's someone out there that wants more like I do. I'm looking for a guy that can show me a good time, but also want more out of a relationship then just sex. Sex is great, I mean its fucking fantastic especially with me... sorry to boast but it's not everything. I'm looking for a relationship. I'm 20, 5ft 9in and curvy. I'm in my third year of college and have a 4 yr old daughter. I'm not particular about race. I am more attracted to guys that're taller than me though. I'm not really interested with guys over 30yrs old at this time. If you're interested message me with a picture and I'll send one back. Put I'm more in the subject line so I know you actually read this. ! What happened with love? What happened with love? - 39 Yes,, that's what I am asking myself. Where is love? What happened to the old fashion dating? What about man appreciating woman for just being a woman? I am not a feminist! I am just a normal girl looking for someone... who can become my significant other. Really... I am looking for a dating partner... for someone to spend time with, to have fun with... to go to movies, to spend weekends, to go on some short long trips, etc. If you are looking for the same -- please respond with the PICTRE!!! No picture -- no response. PLEASE DON'T: - Don't send me a pic of your private parts - Don't ask my to confirm if I am real -- I AM - Don't ask me if I am spam or not -- I AM NOT! Bbw Virgo seeking lover and friend Bbw Virgo seeking lover and friend - 30 NW Side Seeking an easy going man who loves freedom, sex, and 420. Someone who has a good heart and cares about people more than about money and power. Put your zodiac sign in the title and tell me about yourself. Please no endless emails. If you don't have the time to meet soon and hang out often, we probably aren't going to work out. I'm quite clingy when in a relationship. NW Side! truthful lady for a truthful man truthful lady for a truthful man - 24 Hillcrest I'm a never married girl interested in a honest guy. I care about truthfulness above all else in every part of a relationship. I got brown hair and blue eyes, I'm around 110 pounds and 5'10 tall. Hillcrest! Curvy Girl Looking For Something Normal Curvy Girl Looking For Something Normal - 22 DeKalb, IL I am pretty much a normal girl... looking for pretty much a normal guy. I mean normal as in no weird fetishes, no couples, nothing out of the ordinary. With that being said I am an adventurous BBW... i love camping and the outdoors, I am a tinge of a nerd, and I love shopping and spending money. Looking for someone I can hit it off with. Can provide plenty of pictures if interested. Thanks! DeKalb, IL! BBW Seeks LTR BBW Seeks LTR - 26 I'm looking for a long term relationship with someone obviously seeking the same. I'm a hard working single mother who is trying to enjoy the rest of her twenties. I like movies, music, concerts, books, and volunteering in my spare time. I'm a nice person with a good sense of humor, and a bit nerdy. I'd love to meet with someone who is looking for something real and long lasting. Someone who is good tempered, funny, nice, open minded, patient, and is more than ok with me having a child. I'm a big girl, though I'm far from lazy and I'd like to meet someone who isn't lazy as well. If you're interested in anything I've said please respond. Happy Holidays! _! Lets hate NYE together Lets hate NYE together - 46 Westside So.. here it is again.. My least favorite holiday... For numerous reasons. And I thought maybe I could meet someone who has no date but wants to go have some fun.. I have a few invites party's but really down want to go alone.. So I thought Id find maybe a date? Meet first real fast like within the next few days and see if we click... Need someone alittle spontaneous and adventurous.. Even if there's no love connection at least have a buddy or a wing person for the night... right?? A lil about me and what Im looking for: I love walking along the Venice Boardwalk. I love exploring parks and taking the dogs on long walks... Not the rigorous hiking thing. I love to bike ride along the bike path. Not the kill yourself going down the mountain bike ride. I do tend to like more dark obscure works in movies also. I can tell u more about my fave actors and directors. So with that said, if you like art, galleries, movies please send me a bit about yourself and a picture. Please. Im not so much into looks as personality, sense of humor a must. I tend to like tall thicker guys. I prefer ages 30-50.. I am 5'8 black hair, white skin and blue eyes. I have always been told I am pretty... Cute and sometimes sexy... Please be sincere. Thanks and HAPPY Holi-Daze!!! Westside! I Am A Fun Girl And Always The Life Of The Party... !!! I Am A Fun Girl And Always The Life Of The Party... !!! Los Angless First, a little about me. I am a fun girl and always the life of the party... Brown hair, skinny body but still got kinda nice booty. 3Why am I here... ?. Every guy I meet at the bar has a 4 inch willy! I even measured 1 guy and it was 4 inches exactly... ! Los Angless! NEW YEAR'S EVE NEW YEAR'S EVE - 26 West LA I am looking to meet a guy that would like to spend New Year's Eve dancing away. I am a cute blond and somewhat quiet. If this is you, please reply. West LA! Weekend Meet and Greet Weekend Meet and Greet - 26 Chicago Southside Im a 26 year old black female that like older men 40... Im tall 5'7-5'8 Thick 190 Ddd free Discrete Can't hostsorry Classy I'm a beautician Attractive Like what you read then send basicdetails about you Your pic get mine Chicago Southside! movie, wine, snuggling at your place movie, wine, snuggling at your place - 30 hermosa beach Looking for someone to do this with once a week. Prefer to meet someone in hermosa. Send a pic and cross streets. I will do the same. hermosa beach! Do you have the key to my heart? Do you have the key to my heart? - 23 Harwood Heights I'm a 23 year old well educated female in school. I'm just sick and tired of bull shit and wasting time. I am very honest and loyal hopefully I find someone that is the same. I got out of a 4 year relationship but that is done and over with we no longer talk and I moved. I might be short but I sure got the curves and most definitely a head on my shoulders. I need a down to earth normal person that is understandable and want's a family in the future and something long term please. Harwood Heights! Fuck me without any cost Fuck me without any cost - 26 westside I am so hot and sexy i am looking for some good sex. No creeps or pigs. Send me a current photo. And If I like how you look I can send one back and call you. westside! anyone wanna chat anyone wanna chat - 31 anyone wanna chat on the phone. send me ur number and if u wanna send your pic too thats even better! any older gentlemen who prefer blondes any older gentlemen who prefer blondes - 21 los angeles hey there... looking for nsa fwb who knows what us girls really like... if this sounds like you, let me know a little bit about you and lets see if we can do this... yes i will send u a pic of me... and no it will not b a nude one over the net... so dont ask... lets see if we can have some fun!!!!! los angeles! Sexy Thick Tall Blonde Ready to Play Sexy Thick Tall Blonde Ready to Play - 28 los angeles Hey there! I'm 6' tall and blonde. Busty in all the right places. I love to suck cock and get fucked. Interested? los angeles! drinks? drinks? - 21 chicago Anybody want to meet for drinks and stimulating conversation? I'm 21, attractive or so I've been told. You be too... Attractive I mean lol Let's get some martinis. chicago! come taste me come taste me - 25 los angeles Will you go down on me? I'm clean um STD free and I'm not looking for a hookup I just wanted to have you go down and nothing more... 420 friendly email me with your pic :would love to see u los angeles! SBF - w4m SBF - w4m - 44 Suburbs Attractive, SBF seeking also Attractive SWM. I am tall, so you must be tall as well 6'0 or taller is a must. HWP, and seeking a LTR. Looking for a Pussy Slave who loves Pussy Juice and to Rim. Must enjoy lots of face sitting and Ass licking. Forward clear recent face photos with stats info. Will only respond to those who can follow the Instructions above and whose photos I am attracted to. No young guys, please be between 35-45. No nudes please unless I request them. Must be Attractive, Professional, and a bit on the submissive side. Please be located in the Suburbs area. Suburbs! Lets hang out tonight Lets hang out tonight - 25 los angeles So this is not normal for me, but Im looking for someone to hang out with tonight. Lets go see a movie and grab some food to eat and just hang out to ge to know each other. I am looking for a good guy. sweet and knows how to treat a girl with respect. I am African American 5'7 and an average body. I prefer you send a picture White guys are a plus and be ready to have some fun. : los angeles! Love in a hopeless place Love in a hopeless place - 22 los angeles I am really not sure what i am looking For at this point, so I'd like to start As friends and go from there, I am fun outgoing, stay active, love los angeles! freaky cock sucker freaky cock sucker - 26 los angeles Ok. This is a weird request, I'm sure... but not really sure how else to go about it. I love, love giving blowjobs... but I haven't had the chance to do it that often. Any guy want to take me... los angeles! Sweet and simple Sweet and simple - 42 queens hello... For starters, I have some meat on my bones. If you like a little extra, I would like to get to know you. If there is a connection, great. If not, no hard feelings. I'm a dwf with a huge sense of humor and a playful spirit. I am a non smoker, educated, romantic, sweet and honest. Seeking like minded. If you are interested please feel free to send me an email with your picture and something about yourself. queens!!Need to be juiced and squeezed tonight!!!Need to be juiced and squeezed tonight!! - 23 los angeles Hi there!!!If you like it wet, thick, juicy and tight, let's make plans for you to be squirted on tonight! Delight me with giving ways. Pls put age in subj line to weed out fakes... thanks!!!! los angeles! Saddle Cycle Club Saddle Cycle Club - 38 City If this type of place is fun for you, we will likely get along. I look forward to hearing from you. City! :::SLOW STEADY 100 ::: :::SLOW STEADY 100 ::: - 28 los angeles HI!! SINGLE MOTHER LIVE IN CA LOOKING TO DATE, OR JUST HANG OUT WITH SOMEONE NEW. I SEND ME A MAIL TELL ME A LITTLE BIT ABOUT YOURSELF AND SEND A PIC, I WILL DO THE SAME ; los angeles! Where are all the good guys? Where are all the good guys? - 30 Chicago Okay, let's try this again. I am a single black female living in the city. I am hoping to meet a SINGLE, charming, considerate, kind somewhat attractive man for friendshipdating. I am 36 a little quiet, a little funny, and a little sassy. And while it may be a little difficult not to throw in the towel, I have decided to give CL one more try. I know I AM a glutton for punishment. So, I'm 5'7 with dark eyes, a full mouth, dark brown skin, and a plump figure. I guess I am a smaller bbw wearing a 16 or more. I do not smoke and I am childfee. Furthermore, I AM NOT seeking a smoker of anthing. Drinking is alright though I don't do alcoholics functional or otherwise. Also, more than one child is a deal breaker for me. You must be btw the ages of 30-43 or I will not reply. If you respond then you didn't read the post. Some of my likes are: reading, music, movies, poetry clubs, and relaxing. Some of my dislikes are: smoking, bald men, men with too much facial hair, liars, and jerks. I am no longer willing to trade endless emails because they go nowhere. If we feel there is a connection, exchanging numbers isn't a bad idea. If you are interested and want to know more, feel free to get back to me. I am not spam and I need to know more than just your name and age. I don't have a car currently, so please keep that in mind. I live north. Oh, pic for pic. Please don't ask for body shots. If the face isn't cute enough, please move along. Chicago! Give breath some life into my nights! Give breath some life into my nights! - 26 Los angeles Seeking a friend with benifits. We can either meet at your place or mine, doesn't matter. I would like to try a few new things, my sex life has been very boring these days. Email me if you're interested in me, and include a photo if you are able to. Los angeles! Drinks Drinks - 48 Chicago Looking for a drinking buddy and friend over 35 preferably if we connect I'm open to more. Let's email or text first to see if we have anything in common. Up for fun chat tonight... got home early and off tomorrow. Please be city dweller educated and intelligent. Attractive but I like a lot of types especially Mexican and African American men but open. Love the arts and anyone working in them or at least interested in them socially. Like to drink a few cocktails so if you don't probably not a good match. Single a must pic for pic. I'm attractive, problems yes but have a lot going for me. Chicago! If Pictures Worked If Pictures Worked - 23 E. Lakeview Why play games and ask you to write me a biography when all I really want to see is your picture, you're thinking the same thing too! So all I'm asking for is the FACE picture of any sane, single, drug-free, non-smoking man living in the city of Chicago. This way if I like what I see we can keep things going, if not then no harm no fowl. I am painfully discrete and level-headed. I will not put you on blast or try to embarrass you in any way, and you should not take any offense if I don't respond. My not showing interest in you does not at all mean that you're not an appealing individual. But it wouldn't be fair to anyone to string along something that we're not excited about, you know that thrilled feeling I'm talking about. All you have to be is a normal guy who is employed andor in school. If you're over 30, I appreciate your interest but I'd being lying if I said it wouldn't bother me, it eventually would. Men of all races are welcome, honestly I'd prefer to shake things up. And no smokers, thank you; I respect your life choices but that doesn't flow with mine. Try to be within reasonable distance from the city, I don't drive so you living in Indiana or Peoria really doesn't make sense. And again no, No, NO nude pictures! Sending them tells me that you missed the entire point of this post and that we would not get along. About me: I'm single, black, female; enjoy running, boxing, dancing, and yoga; never into drama so if I sense you bringing some I'll let you know it's not working out. Incredibly calm and peaceable, so again if you don't get a response please, PLEASE don't take offense. Physical attraction is what takes me from emailing back and forth to actually meeting you one day. If you're not for me that doesn't mean you're not worth talking to I just shouldn't waste your time. That being said if you get my picture and aren't interested that's also cool, how often has CL actually worked for bringing serious people together? One night stands and casual encounters sure... but people genuinely interested in making a connection? Well, we'll see. I tried posting pictures and they didn't work and they were maybe two months old, so if you could send one from this year that would be really cool of you. Yours will definitely get mine if I respond. Good night Fellas! E. Lakeview! looking for exciting person looking for exciting person - 39 Hi guys! I am trying to find an exciting person, arty, funny, witty, spontaneous, educated, intelligent and loving at the same time!!!!! If you feel like it describes you - please do not hesitate to write me back and please -- tell me in your letter what are YOU looking for!!!! seeking a nice guy seeking a nice guy - 21 Hillcrest I am 5 foot 5 inch, brown eyes, nice tanned body, intelligent and out going. Trying to find somebody who is funny has a job, a car, no children, and is between 20 and 55. I would like to talk a bit and then maybe go out for dinner if there is a connection. Write to me and we will see how it goes. Hillcrest! Serious Long-Term Affair BBW Serious Long-Term Affair BBW - 31 Queens I am an attractive, well-groomed ;-, intelligent, black, BBW size 14 with a craving for regular passionate encounters with a tall, well endowed whitelatin man. If you have piercings or tattoos that's oh so much better! I know that seems so specific, but I am not looking for a husband, just a discreet FWB situation with a specific type of man. I prefer someone who LOVES giving and receiving oral. Knows how to PLAY and not to be too graphic, but if you enjoy anal play and can orgasm from just oral alone that would be a huge plus. While I am seeking an ongoing discreet affair, I still require respect and a mutual friendship. In other words, I don't plan to jump straight into bed with you. There needs to be a connection mentally first. If you are in my boat, taken and not ready to leave but not quite satisfied either or just plain interested in an ongoing ADULT FWB situation... send me an email with Serious LTA in the subject so that I know you are real and include a few lines about yourself and what you are looking for. Pics would be much appreciated and reciprocated! Also, if your life does not allow for regular meetings, PLEASE do not waste our time! Please dd free and be able to prove disease free status if things get that far. Queens! Kisses And Cuddles... Kisses And Cuddles... - 28 los angeles Would love to find a cute, clean cut - white male between the ages of 28-40 to spend some time with... Looking for LTR. Not into one night stands. Must love kissing, cuddling, lots of foreplay. Not just looking for sex. Men desperately seeking sex need not apply. Must be clean and disease free... Must also like chubbyfull figured, Latina women. Physical attraction a must... Please send email if interested with Erotica as the subject... los angeles! Sweetheart looking for sweetheart Sweetheart looking for sweetheart - 29 Illinois Chubby but really pretty girl looking for a nice guy. I love white guy's with beard's. Well read kind hearted nice to animal's. Over 6 even better! Send a picture for response. Illinois! where are the funny guys? where are the funny guys? - 25 CHICAGO I am looking for a LTR, and I'm really attracted to the funny guys. Where are the sarcastic, down-to-earth men who will sweep me off my feet? Any guys 25-30 years old wanna give me a shout? Send me your photo with your response, don't bother responding at all if you're looking for anything but a normal, long-standing relationship. Did I mention I'm not ugly? ; CHICAGO! Ready willing to satisfy your craving Ready willing to satisfy your craving - 26 los angeles I need to get it on with some one different, Seeing as I am by myself until Saturday I thought I'd have a little fun! I like to be rode hard, Even more so if ya eat me first. If you're prepared to have some fun then e mails me. los angeles! Wanting a little more then just dinner Wanting a little more then just dinner - 26 westside I like to role play with hot men, my favorite role is being a nurse who is taking care of a sick guy. If you enjoy role-play too, contact me asap and let me take care of you... your pic gets mine westside! Possibly mr. right Possibly mr. right Chicago Having a hard time finding the right guy? Craigslist can be a risky way to meet guys and speed dating is expensive and sometimes intimidating. Chicago has started Speed Friending and it's a laid back way to meet new friends and even dates. These events are filled with new residents living in Chicago looking to meet a new crowd. The group of young proofessions range from 21-40. We are having an event on Jan 18th from 6:30-9pm and the first people that sign up it's only 7 bucks! After that its 15 online and 20 at the door. I went to one of these a couple months ago and it was a lot of fun, but I would of loved it if a few more ladies were there! I am going to this, I think its an awesome, no pressure way to meet new people with possibly finding a couple friends and dates. It's safe, cheap, and coming up. Hope to see you all there. email me if you want the link! Chicago! Single Mature Lady seeks Interesting Gentleman Single Mature Lady seeks Interesting Gentleman - 65 Chicago- Northern Suburbs Single Mature woman is - Looking for a tall, intelligent, kind, employed, loyal, interesting guy with a sense of humor. Single only - no marrieds and no legally separated gentlemen are of interest to me. Age for the single guy is 58 years old to 72 years old only. This lady only prefers older men - no one below 58 years of age. No one below 58 years old. Send me an e-mail and tell me all about yourself-I am a great listener. Chicago- Northern Suburbs! Let's Have a Blast NYE Let's Have a Blast NYE - 36 South Bay Most of my friends are couples and I would love a fun NYE date. Cocktails, fancy clothes, and a hot midnight kiss would be a great way to start 2013!! I am attractive, intelligent, and fun! Please be NORMAL, handsome, and witty. Send a picture and I will kindly respond with one. I'm down for a screener meeting before if we can manage it. I don't want to be stuck with a weirdo on a potentially great night any more than you do! Thanks guys!! : South Bay! NYE at Southern NYE at Southern - 25 Bucktown Hey there! I'm spending NYE at Southern in Bucktown and I would love to meet you there and share an awesome night drinking, dancing and sharing a midnight kiss with you! Are you already going with some friends? Do you and your friends not already have plans and want to maybe meet up - if not enjoy a night of open bar from 9pm-2am? Please reply with a picture and be between 24 - 34. You only live once right? Let's kick 2013 off right! Bucktown! Ready to mingle Ready to mingle Hi guys chocolate brown skin sister ready to go out and mingle with some new faces. I'm average to slightly overweight 5'3 150 cute face, short, busty, sarcastic, shy, and often times has a sweet aroma. I like to dance to meringue, karaoke after a few drinks of course lol, and hit up the local bar from time to time. I'm looking for guys that are no older than 30 I'm 29, 5'6, black, italian, greek, east asian, spanish, european, or mixed background with swag for days one of us has to look cool. If this perked your interest send me an email with a photo. Not looking for fwb, nsa, or casual fling. If that's what you're looking for this is not for you. Pic for pic. P. S. If you don't know who fabolous or kanye is more than likely we won't mesh well! Holiday boyfriend Holiday boyfriend - 46 LAX Hello, I am a single mother of two kids. I am looking for a single man that wants to date a single mom. I like to cook, bake, garden, and read. I like to watch the waves at the beach and sit in the sun. I like to please my man when I have one. I have a very high sex drive, so if you aren't able to be around everyday then forget it. If you would like those things then email me with a picture of yourself and we will go from there. I am tried of being put on the back burner. If you want to date me then I should be treated like I am your girl. LAX! sexy chick ready 4 a LTR sexy chick ready 4 a LTR - 24 chicago Looking for someone who is ready for a live in girlfriend i need someone stable with goals and a good head on there shoulder and love kids. Hit me up if your interested send a pic and i'll send one back talk to u soon kisses ;- p. s. put TJ in the subject line so i know your real lmao chicago! bbw pics to tribute bbw pics to tribute I will send you and photo and you print it out and jack off on it and take a pic of your dick and cum all over her pic and you email it back to me... HAVE A PRINTER AND A CAMERA DONT SEND ME A PIC OF YOUR COCK I DONT WANT TO SEE IT UNLESS IT IS NEXT TO HER PIC. M4M M4MW W4M W4MW W4T T4W this drives the wife nuts! Let's Do Something Tonight Let's Do Something Tonight - 18 Santa Monica Hi, Looking to do something tonight, I am bored, please someone not that older than me, I am a real girl, today is Thursday 27; 9:05pm I am trying to do something tonight, looking for someone normal, please no naked pics or perverts, not interested in emailing back and forth for a long time About me: I am 18, I work, on vacations at school, white, in shape, hwp, blue eyes Preferably someone closer to Santa Monica or Westwood, hwp as me, not looking for a boyfriend or any kind of relationship at the moment, I am just bored and trying to hang out tonight, if you are looking for the same please feel free to email me with your face picture only not interested in naked pictures please and your plans for tonight, please let's don't waste our time with endless emails ;, if you need a chat friend I am sorry but I am not in the mood for an online friend at the moment. I am not into african americanoverweightwith tons of tattoos guys. Just to avoid spam and do something soon please send as subject Thursday 27 Thanks and talk to you soon Santa Monica! Meet me in the city Meet me in the city Lincoln Park I prefer HWP caucasian, 5'10 up who likes the finer things in life- If you like to workout this is a big plus! No facial hair, non-smoker, social drinker, college educated and world traveler. Not interested if you are under 45 or older than 58. If you are interested, please submit your photo. Lincoln Park! Here's me... how about you? Here's me... how about you? - 46 WLA Me: Kind warm Genuine easygoing Funny Sweet Creative Adventurous well traveled Voluptuous curvy Sensual attractive Professional financially solvent Well educated yet learned more from the day to day lessons of life You:? WLA! si hablas espanol y tienes 35 a 45 anos si hablas espanol y tienes 35 a 45 anos - 37 Wilmington Estatura mediana, blanca, ojos cafe claro, complexion mediana, cabello largo, sexy y de muy buen humor esa es mi descripcion. y estoy en busca de una persona que hable mi misma lengua que es el espanol, alguien serio, respetuoso, para comenzar una amistad duradera y si se da algo mas. nocontesto privados, y si me quieres enviar textos esta bien los contestare, este es mi telefono cuatro 2 cuatro 2 cero cero- 7016 Wilmington! looking to enjoy recurring encounters looking to enjoy recurring encounters - 24 Hillcrest I would hope to meet a guy to spendtime with, and surely enjoy each other while in private. I got blonde hair and blue eyes, weigh about 125lbs, I'm 5 feet 8 inches and good looking. Hillcrest! Music Trade? Music Trade? - 32 headphones frank-ocean-thinking-about-you little-dragon-sunshine-shlohmo brunomarsmusicwhen-i-was-your-man zwicker-who-you-are-feat-heidi-happy adventureclubdubstepflight-facilities-crave-you frou-frou-let-go coldplay-fix-you-aylen-remix Looking for some fun music talks. hit me up if you'd like to exchange some brilliance on music. Feeling in the chill mode but open to all genres. west la area curvy cute asian gal. Hopefully some good convo comes outta this! headphones! Come use my mouth Come use my mouth Come, use my mouth!!! Let me service you into completion. I have beautiful lips and my lips are looking at you! I'm looking for some of you dear Lover and need lots of wet kisses. Lay with me, kiss me, give me your love!! i think this is my last attempt! i think this is my last attempt! - 24 so everytime i write a post i have the tendency to delete it in two seconds because i get embarrassed. i think we all know what we want and what we're looking for, but it's hard to put it exactly into words. unless you're really good at that, then go you! but mine, it's more of a feeling. one i can't entirely describe, apparently. but you know, when you wake up in the middle of the night and you turn over and there is someone there, so you put your arm around them and hug them. this entire rush of warmth comes over your body because you have the ability to feel safe next to someone? that is the feeling i'm describing. or when you kiss someone when it's really, really, really cold and you feel all warm. so, it's a feeling. i can bore you with all my ideas of what i want, but i can't describe it. if you think you can be this for me, then you know it already. maybe you have this fantasy in your mind, of a girl that is completely impossible to find. i get you, i get you. a lot of dudes want that sweet, zooey deschanel type; you know, the one who is super quirky and maybe a bit shy, but hot as fuck when you take her clothes off. well, i promise i cannot be that. maybe i can be some of those. but i do want someone to be with and i want all that happiness and that jazz. i'm not embarrassed i'm writing this or it's on craigslist. if you want something, you go out and get it. sure, we don't have to tell people that we met on craigslist, i don't care. but please, if you exist.. be in my life! and now, a message from my cats: '; d cccv take care. xo. ! home and alone home and alone - 21 queens Hey, I'm a fit, white, Eastern European female, love to 420. I'm a musician, and it would def be in your advantage to be artistic as well! This year has been the first time I've been away from my family for the holidays, and I kinda just locked myself in, but it's snowing outside, I have a giant tv, comfy couch, warm blankets and such. I'm not really looking for anything serious, but I'm not completely opposed to the idea, cause ya never know right?!HMU and maybe you could come by and rescue me from my boredom! Reply with a picture-- gt;no pictureno response-- gt; Just being straight up here, if I'm gonna share the warmth of my home with you, I gotta at least know what you look like before hand! : queens! truthfulness is all i ask for truthfulness is all i ask for - 29 Oak Park Hi, I am a single, intelligent, artistic, interesting woman searching for a kind man. Trust in all aspects of a relationship is very important to me. Looks arn't so important, neither is age or race. I am 5 foot 9 inch, brunette, blue eyes, 110lbs, with good looks. I hope to hear from a few intriguing men. Oak Park! Spanish man to date Spanish man to date - 32 queens One man to spend times with, go out and enjoy each other company. I will like to meet someone who is single, outgoing with sense of humor queens! New man... for New Year New man... for New Year - 32 queens, ny NEW YEAR on the corner, I am single and looking for love. A fabulous man with a loving heart. Honesty, happiness, passion, and romance are what I am looking to give and receive. queens, ny textphone sex slave bf for black bbw textphone sex slave bf for black bbw - 21 chicago i am only looking for a sub male for text and phone sex. one who is 18-25, no older, whitehispanicmiddle eastern, fit or average, totally submissive, likes black women with thick bodies. if ur a really geeky or nerdy guy thats a real turn on for me since im a bit geeky myselfinto video games: kingdom hearts, japanese music, art, and mythology. so come on, i need a dirty lil boy to play with. pic for pic. chicago! Herpes looking for same Herpes looking for same - 45 Venice-adjacent Mid 40s thick white-ish chick with type 2 herpes and a busy schedule looking to meet 40s to early 50s guy. Must be a non-smoker but E-cigs are OK. I can't take the meds so it's best if you're like me in the H department. See what happens! Your pic gets mine. Please put adult cooties in the subject for spam purposes. Venice-adjacent! What's it all about???? What's it all about???? - 51 Los Angeles Just thought I'd put this out there.. I'm seeking a cool down to earth man.. who get's it about life.. someone who isn't hung up on the past.. and it's called the past for a reason! Someone who likes the outdoors, animals, has a job and is passionate about life! I love the ocean enjoy scuba diving, kayaking, sailing, fishing.. anything really! I hold my own in the looks department and have a great career been single for a few years now years and now ready to really meet somone that can hold his own! Los Angeles! Pretty Asian Looking for nice guy for dating Pretty Asian Looking for nice guy for dating - 29 NY Basically looking for someone to spend time with in my spare time. I am open to anyone. I just wanna meet someone nice, cool, fun and respectful. If you want to get to know more you can e-mail me and we can take it from there. Just reply to the post and I'll get back to you as soon as possible. I will NOT reply if you don't attach photo. so don't waste yours or my time if you're not going to. NY! Single Black Female Single Black Female looking for some company Single Black Female looking for single male to get together with once in a while. Basically, looking for some company. Would love to have someone to spend New Year's Eve with, too. Please be dd free, because I am. Please also be completely single with no drama, as I am. Are there any real, honest guys out here? If you're only looking for one thing, please move on. I'm really tired of the flakes and liars on here. You say you'll be my friend, get what you can and then you tend to fade away. One of you eventually has to be decent. I haven't given up and I'm still looking for you. looking for some company! Single Black Female Single Black Female New Year's Eve SBF seeking SINGLE male for New Year's Eve date. Let's ring it in together. SINGLE MEN, ONLY. I don't know why men respond to me that are attached. I am single; please be single. I don't have to sneak around, and I'm not about to start. DD free. Let's just have fun; here's to a New Year's Eve that's guaranteed not to suck! New Year's Eve! Does it work?? Does it work?? - 25 NYCqueens looking for someone to talk to n start a friendship with I'm 25 so you should be 25-30 no bs I've had enough or wasting my time either I wont waste yours NOT looking for nsa or fwb either I'm a pretty down to earth female open to meeting new people and having fun I guess we can exchange more info later attach a pic with your reply thanks : NYCqueens! It's Late... but anyone still up? It's Late... but anyone still up? - 23 West Up bored, cant sleep... maybe we can chat... if it were earlier we could make eachother laugh in person but hey... if you are a fast typer even better. Im decent lookin in shape and well rounded. Let's start a good convo... please send pics no nastay ones :P Talk soon! West! Young and Free Young and Free Hey so I'm 18 don't worry I'm not jail bait anymore hahaha P. I'm looking to see what's out there and get to know some people. I need some new friends and hang out buddies. I just turned 18 last summer so I'm starting to get out and do things on my own so I need some people to show me the ropes of the night life! And if you respond to my post because you want a quick fuck well sorry sweetie I'm not that type of lady so don't waste your time. This post applies to cool down to earth people looking to build some friendships pic for a pic. ! it's been to long since i've had a guy it's been to long since i've had a guy - 29 Hillcrest It's been a longtime since I've had a guy. Perhaps we could get together for dinner some time. Perhaps it'll go somewhere, maybe it won't. Hillcrest! Let go! Short vacation trip! Let go! Short vacation trip! - 39 I am on vacation, looking for a partner, travel buddy and new exciting date to go to some place here in California. San Francisco? Morro Bay? Any other ideas? I am very pretty, kind and sweet person, fun to be with. You -- the same, age about 35-45, and... looking for a girl friend!! being honest is the only thing i request being honest is the only thing i request - 29 Gardena I'm a never married girl in search of a kind guy. I care about trust above all else in every part of a relationship. I have blonde hair and green eyes, I'm around 125lbs and 5 feet 6 inches tall. Gardena! pretty older going thru breakup pretty older going thru breakup - 40 near cuny college maybe someone can relate... ? Holidays are also a total bummer.. not sure what im looking for. Company, distraction, not sure at all.. really depends on the person.. but would be nice to meet.. if there is chemistry. Please no disgusting pix of your hardness.. not in the mood.. just a cool pix of a happy smile would be good right now.. If i like what i see. you will probably feel the same about my photo.. near cuny college! hoping to meet my soulmate hoping to meet my soulmate - 21 Oak Park I am trying to meet my Mr. Right. I'd like to find a serious relationship, however till I meet the correct guy I'm open to some thing without strings. Send me a message and send a pic, I'll respond with one of me. Oak Park! Looking for a husband Looking for a husband - 41 Chicagoland I have medium blonde hair and blue eyes.. I'm 5'3ft and 41 years old and overweight but very pretty.. Looking for my night in shining armor that will take care of me mentally, emotionally and financially.. Non-smokers and no drugs and light or no drinkers or gamblers or liar's.. I'm looking for a good man.. I'm looking for an older man, no young guy's please.. I'm looking forward to speaking too you soon... Must have an open mind and be non Judgmental I have no kids but I would like to have children too.. Please enclose a picture and what your looking for in a women please.. This would be very helpful to me.. Chicagoland! Want to get your balls busted by a cute Domme? - w4m Want to get your balls busted by a cute Domme? - w4m - 23 West La If you're into ball busting and have been looking for a beautiful Domme to do some endless torture on those pathetic little balls then email me. Lets face it, you know you want to worship my feet and have me rub them all over your face like the good little bitch that you are. ; Of course, I would like something in exchange. : No pic No reply. Serious inquiries only. West La! chicago craigslist gt; city of chicago gt; personals gt; women seeking men This posting has been flagged for removal. ? The title on the listings page will be removed in just a few minutes. ! what can i say? what can i say? im a 30 year old rocker girl who's 5'4 short, and 115 pounds skinny, with brown eyes, and black hair, some of my faverite bands are poison, tuff, la guns, ratt, pretty boy floyd, motley crue, firehouse, slaughter, steelheart, and tunz more too many to name. i want to meet people into the same music, must have the look, i want my friends to look the look. if your interested send me a message, no perverts or spam please!!!!!!!! searching for something serious searching for something serious - 26 Rochdale Village I am in search of a serious relationship with a mature intelligent man. I am not searching for a one night stand or something of that nature. Your race and age dont really concern me. Tell me a bit about you and please include a photo. Rochdale Village! looking for a funny guy to get together with looking for a funny guy to get together with - 23 Hermosa Beach I am 5 feet 7 inches, hazel eyes, sexy tanned body, smart and outgoing. In search of somebody who is interesting has got a job, a car, no children, and is between 18 and 59. I would want to talk a little and then maybe go out for drinks if there is a connection. Get in touch with me and we will get this started. Hermosa Beach! simply searching for somebody to have a good time with simply searching for somebody to have a good time with - 21 Forest Park In need of some one to spend time with, got to the movies, going out to dinner, and as well as have a goodtime with one another in private. I am 5'6, nice looking, 125 pounds, and I've got blue eyes with blonde hair. If you write to me I would request that you include a pic. Forest Park! chicago craigslist gt; city of chicago gt; personals gt; women seeking men This posting has been flagged for removal. ? The title on the listings page will be removed in just a few minutes. !!!!Hungry hole,looking for a gangbang!!!!!!Hungry hole,looking for a gangbang!!! - 25 chicago Hey guys,home all day,livealone,super horny looking for a group of hung guys to... take turns pounding and stretching out my hole very serious, discreet and give free hiv,bubble but send pics if serious only,to get min chicago! climax.. !climax.. ! climax.. !climax.. ! - 25 chicago get in your car, drive to a discrete area, recline both the chairs, undress ourselves, and pleasure ourselves until we both climax. Then I want you to drop me off, and we go our separate way, never having touched. chicago! Super hot Latina Super hot Latina - 25 chicago Looking for more fun i'm single and like to be pleasured I can't host or drive car hopefully getting fixed this weekend Im looking for clean safe fun condoms a must STD free If u can't host or drive plz don't waste each others times If intrested in more info hit me up i'm clean safe and fun Email w a face photo are I won't reply back chicago! Rolling around in bed... Rolling around in bed... - 25 chicago I have been travelling around and not had any time to get laid. I am in town now for the next few months so would love to find a fwb... chicago! need someone to cure this boredom with need someone to cure this boredom with - 25 chicago i am 5'8, at least reasonabeautiful and really bored.. your photo gets mine... well at least my face picture. i like to know who i'm talking to so i probably wont respond unless you have a picture. justfyi chicago! Day long sex and fun Day long sex and fun - 25 chicago Looking for someone easy going and funny with lots of time in hand to have fun with; especially SEX... chicago! Are You Hungry for Sex? Are You Hungry for Sex? - 25 chicago I have a huge sexual appetite and I'm always so damn horny! I'm with a crazy libido who loves to suck and fuck cock. I'm not picky how you look and I can host... chicago! So, how's the sexy guys doing? So, how's the sexy guys doing? - 25 chicago Now that I have the internet again, I thought I would take this chance to find someone fun to get down with out here. My friend said she found her best lover on the internet so maybe I can find me a new one? I am a younger woman looking for an older guy. chicago! Romance Relationship Romance Relationship - 29 SW London. Its quite simple really. I'm looking for a single man for dating and potential romance. I'm 29, Educated, good job, own home, car, cat. You're in London, single 30, employed, intelligent, interesting and looking for a relationship, you're not a player. Send me an email and a picture of your face and lets start talking. Thanks for reading SW London. ! older man older man - 30 london I am attracted to slim or average built men who are older and mature, so if you're one of them, email me with a bit about yourself. I am reposting and would like to point out that I am NOT after casual encounters. I am 30, black, laid back and not into clubbing, drinking or smoking. please live in or near nw london london! I NEED TRUE LOVE!!!!!!!!!! I NEED TRUE LOVE!!!!!!!!!! I am good looking. I need a good person, that he love me very much physically mentally. if you send mail,then I will call back you. so hurry....... ! This posting has been deleted by its author. The title on the listings page will be removed in just a few minutes. ! Seriose relationship Seriose relationship - 44 London, odessa i am 44 years old. Looking just for serious relationship. I like travel almost every week, I hope you like too. Let's Travel Together! London, odessa! Dubious but hopeful! Shy sweet woman seeking nice guy Dubious but hopeful! Shy sweet woman seeking nice guy - 32 Hi, I'm a friendly but kinda shy girl ready to start dipping my toe into the 'dating game' again, but don't do the traditional drinking etc. I like nice guys, had enough of the nasty ones to last a lifetime! My tastes, so to speak, are varied, though I do have an age thing where you must be between 25 and 50. I'm easy to write to lol, so if there are any genuine nice men out there, I'm dying to hear from you! Jackie! advice and empathy needed for abuse victim seeking closure advice and empathy needed for abuse victim seeking closure - 20 london Hi, I might have to repost my ad as I know the strictly platonic section doesn't get too many hits... But here goes... During my adolescence I suffered great physical and sexual abuse. Everything has been resolved in respects of law and justice... but I still feel unable to move on, since I have not had a chance to fully accept or come to terms with what has happened to me... So I am stuck on it. I haven't fully had a time to express myself and don't feel that I have found closure. I used to take an art course, and I found it very therapeutic to express myself through that. But I realised I can't do this forever, and that I need to face things to move on. If anyone is willing to discuss, I know it's heavy, but if anyone has advice or a similar story... I would love for you to get in touch. You don't have to share your story, but I'd like to share mine, but if you've experienced similar or are just willing to help. Please get in touch. xx london! New Girl in London seeking relationship New Girl in London seeking relationship - 26 London Hey London Guys, I have recently moved from France. I am in London to finish my masters in Fine Arts. I am staying in Kensington. I am alone and single here thats why I decided to find boy friend here.. one more thing, i am very sincere and want to find sincere and honest man for long term relationship. i will be waiting for your message. London! Seeking a Pen-Pal Seeking a Pen-Pal - 23 California, USA London has always fascinated me. I love looking at pictures and I love the sound of a European accent. So I decided to seek a pen pal. Someone to become friends with from half way across the world. If your interested please email me with a picture and a small paragraph about yourself. Looking forward to your Reply : California, USA! i am hungry i am hungry - 40 london terribly short notice i know... but i am hungry take me out for lunch this afternoon - anyway near central line. Order a bottle of wine if you are a great kisser... who knows? london! Want a guy to hang out with Want a guy to hang out with - 24 I would like to find a man who is outgoing. I was married until just recently, I am not interested in any thing longterm so soon, Perhaps it will become some thing more, but for right now I just want a play mate. ! DARK, CRISP BRITTAL DARK, CRISP BRITTAL - 33 Central London British Lady early thirties looking to meet Gentrified Gentleman, Noble and Caring. Central London! Now. the City. you tall professional. quick drink before heading home? Now. the City. you tall professional. quick drink before heading home? - 25 the City Hi! I am near BankLiverpool street and I fancy a casual drink with a nice guy 27-55yo. tall please : Send me a photo and tell me where you want to take me xx I am leaving my office at 6! the City! Anyone for goin barcelona together? Anyone for goin barcelona together? - 30 anywhere Hello, I am looking for a handsome and enjoyable guy to go barcelona together on 24th-28th of november. Actually, i can't date with u cause im not currently in london but we can skype or write to eachother as much as we can. Pls write me with ur photos but not with naked ones: And pls, do not wirte me your sexual fantasies... P. S. I know it is crazy but just tryn my chance: anywhere! American girl in London American girl in London - 18 Hey! I already posted in another section and didn't get very many response, so I will try here : I am going to be in London for a week at the end dof January 24-30 and I am looking for a guide to show me the city! Are you interested in showing me the city? If so, contact me please :! lets have some fun lets have some fun - 22 London Hello! Come one and spend some time with me this night! Im based in north london. London! Sub needed for fun times Sub needed for fun times - 28 London I've been out of the game a while - a few months - and have decided to re-enter it. I'm looking for a mature, capable sub of means. You'll need to be clear about who you are, what you want and open to an ltr in which what I say goes. A. London! There is an alternative There is an alternative - 37 London As simple as that... The Other Woman. Single,smart,funny and looking. Please be 37-47 years old, nice and decent person. London! Worth a try Worth a try - 19 Ok I'm expecting very little from this but I guess I can only try. I am looking for someone older, Caucasian, preferably English. Please only respond if you can actually string together a whole sentence spelt correctly. Sense of humour wouldn't go a miss either. I don't really care about looks, I find mental stimulation far more appealing. However I know you will want a full-blown description of me, so feel free to ask away. If my rash approach has not deterred you, I look forward to hearing from you. ! Dominant Female seeking submissive male Dominant Female seeking submissive male - 37 I would say I'm very assertive. Slim, classy, beautiful, intelligent and like to have everything done my way. I'm looking to meet a submissive obedient male who is easy to be with and submissive, yes submissive. He should have some idea of what I mean and want to obey me. Must be willing to accept a strong willed woman. Dominant Lady who likes to get her way and knows how to train a man to get it. ! 21 yr old looking for LTR 21 yr old looking for LTR - 21 East London Hi, I am 21, female,5ft2, size 6-8 with boobs... I have blue eyes and dark hair, white skin, I live in East LondonEssex. I work and I drive. When I say I am looking for a LTR... that does not mean I am obsessive and want that STRAIGHT away. I would love to get to know someone and enjoy their company and have some fun. But I Just would like something a bit more serious than just sex so no time wasters. I'm not naive and I think I am quite matureHate that word for my age. Although still fun and like a good laugh ; I like traveling, driving, being with my dog, visiting new places, eating out, sitting in :-p, watching comedy, going to gigs, massages, people watching, laughing, talking, meeting nice new people and lots lots more :-p I would like to meet someone within the ages of 21-35.. Would consider younger or older. I would like a man to work and also drive. I havent been on a date in a while and fancy a great date with a great guy who can make me laugh, have interesting conversations, even debating or people watching. and hopefully keep eachother interested. Would prefer replies with pictures please : East London! Sista Seeks handsome brothas from Barbados, Bahamas, Bermuda etc Sista Seeks handsome brothas from Barbados, Bahamas, Bermuda etc - 30 London I love calypso and soca music so what better way to meet brothers from those countries to get a better flavor of such beautiful music. I'm especially interested in countries like Barbabos, Bermuda, Us Virgin Islands, Trinidad, handsome brothas born in those islands and retain the Caribbean accent. I'm not keen on the Westernized British born ones, they are different, like something is missing, it's almost as if they have lost that essence of the Caribbean. If you're aged between 28-45, I would like to meet you. When writing please tell me a bit about which island you're from. About me, Attractive, size10-12dancing to Rupee helps to keep in shape lol, 130lbs I'm down to earth, friendly, easy going, I have actually become stiff like the locals and need to relax and chill out more in life. I know you guys don't have to be drunk to have fun like the locals, I would love the warmth that is particular to brothas from the Caribbean. I live in SE London, so would be nice if you live around here too. Hope to chat soon, let's have a drink soon : Ps-- Please send a pic when you reply and I'll happily return one. London! Beautiful black young lady seeks lunch date with a GENTLEMAN Beautiful black young lady seeks lunch date with a GENTLEMAN - 27 London I'm free from 1pm and would like to meet up with someone for lunch, I'm beginning to think having lunch on your own can be super boring whew! Oh dear I miss having a lover : I would like to meet an intelligent gent,who knows how to treat a lady and appreciate female company. I'm not looking for sex so please please do not have such intention. Only if you are looking like Michael Douglas or Nicalos Cage, Liam Neeson oh or Jason Stratham yummy. Anyway back to reality whew! Giggles You have to have a great sense of humour please please don't meet up if you are not fun!! About me I'm 27 beautiful, fun, intelligent, bubbly,size 8-10 tall and loves to smile I miss been treated like the lady I am. Been single does get lonely : Lets meet today!! London! An optimist seeks... An optimist seeks... - 38 London Hello. First things first: I'm a green-eyed brunette, 5'7 and a curvy size 18, so please skip to the next ad if a bit of womanly flesh is not your thing! Still here? Great. In that case, you might like to know that I'm intelligent and amusing, warm and friendly, compassionate and open-minded, tactile and sensual... I'm hoping to meet a tall, single man, probably in his late thirties or early forties, who's interesting, erudite and likes to laugh a lot. I enjoy visiting new places and learning new things, so I read voraciously, I love a good movie and I'm always happy to wander round museums, galleries and markets. As I'm a bit of a country bumpkin at heart, I try to escape to the coast and countryside often. When I can't get away I like to take walks in my local park and along the river. If I sound like I could be your type of woman, please get in in touch. Otherwise, best of luck with your own CL adventure :o London! Black girl for Interracial relationship Black girl for Interracial relationship - 20 London Hi there As the title as yes l am looking for an Interracial relationship l am a student in my final year at university, I enjoy all kinds of hobbies from Netball to Tennis I am outgoing and I like to have a good time. I am about 5ft 6,Size12,dark brown eyes and I have long hair. I like someone who has a good sense of humour,fun and exciting to be around and also looks after their self. If thats you we will get on x London! CHARMING EDUCATED MALE SOUGHT BY BLACK LEGAL PROFESSIONAL CHARMING EDUCATED MALE SOUGHT BY BLACK LEGAL PROFESSIONAL - 43 LONDON Pleasant, attractive single black female living and working in London hopes to meet a true gentleman. Outside work I enjoy travelling, the odd movie and show, socialising with friends and family. Dining out and evenings in. I am a non smoker and social drinker. I am hoping to meet a normal, tall, single professional gentleman of a similar age 40 with a view to a long term relationship. I have a preference for someone similar to me ie: not an extrovert and prefers not to be the centre of attention but with a positive attitude to life. Race immaterial. LONDON! True Gent for dinner tonight in canary wharf True Gent for dinner tonight in canary wharf - 26 Canary wharf I'm a fun classy spontaneous babe who would like to be out tonight with a mature Gent that knows how to treat a queen. Anyone in my area my best friend blew me out for her lover so I'm stuck on my own and don't care to sit in a restaurant on my own tonight I would like to be smiling across my dinner table with a handsome mature gent When was the last time you did something random??? Let's go!! Drop me your pic and your number and we meet for 7:40pm Canary wharf! Drinks morrow Drinks morrow - 35 Islington Looking to meet someone for drinks morrow. Let's have a quick chat before the meet up. Islington! Just looking for that shoulder Just looking for that shoulder - 28 London Ever find your life isn't where it should be? No money? Debt? Shit job? Friends are all getting married and having kids whilst you watch getting drunk? Welcome to my life. Please share your horror stories with me. London! Black,Sweet and Genuine Black,Sweet and Genuine - 23 London Hi and welcome to my page! I am not sure how to start this advert but here goes... I am a hard working young lady who loves to go out with friends, go to the gym, read, watch movies and have fun. I'm 23, black, 5ft3, dark brown eyes, lovely smile and a voluptuous figure. I would like to meet a nice white guy who is down to earth, kind and genuine. If you would like to chat please send me a pic and info about yourself. F. Y. I - Please do not send pervy messages or photos as I will not respond - genuine replies only. Thank you xxx London! ENGLiSH ROSE wish to meet AMERiCAN GENTLEMAN ENGLiSH ROSE wish to meet AMERiCAN GENTLEMAN - 39 LONDON CENTRAL English Lady, easy to get along with Persona, Wish to meet a Mature i. e 45 American Gentleman who is planning to be in London. on a Biz Trip,,,,, During Your Leisure time wud U care to join me for Traditional English Cream Tea's LONDON CENTRAL! looking for co- looking for co- - 45 HUDDESZFIELD I am looking for an older man who is looking for a serious relationship soul mate only cares! HUDDESZFIELD! African American Christian Woman seeking English Christian Husband African American Christian Woman seeking English Christian Husband - 40 Las Vegas Located in the US. As the the title indicated, desiring to marry an english christian man for a life time experience of love. Welcome to reply with a photo of yourself if interested and willing to relocate to the US for the experience of love with me. Requirements, a belief in Jesus Christ and a desire to experience eternity with me in love. Las Vegas! LTR LTR - 35 London I'm 35, friendly, loyal, caring, honest, single, no children, average built... I would like to meet someone preferably between the ages of 35-45 for LTR no one night stand, no NSA!!! I m looking for someone who is caring and know how to treat a woman right. I would appreciate a photo if anyone would like to contact me. Thank you London! Nice girl looking for love Nice girl looking for love - 30 London Tall, slim, intelligent, kind woman with a nice personality and a zest for life would like to meet a tall, London-based, 40-something man for a long-term relationship. London! Good day to all! Good day to all! - 27 London Hello, please note this is not spam and very genuine, I am so bored of these ads getting deleted! I hope you all have a lovely weekend planned and get up to at least one naughty thing. I am a very laid back female blondish short hair, blue eyes, white, 5'7, size18 I am looking for a man who is tall over 6ft older than me, likes slightly rounder ladies and big boobs, rugby build make it perfect but not essential! I want to explore London with some one and explore myself! Dominant men go straight to the top of my list! Please do not contact me if you are attached in anyway, I don't care if you are thinking about breaking up, dont have sex any more or are in an open relationship, this is still a no go. My personal preference is white males, please send a picture with first email and in the heading put... hey you... Looking forward to emails! Me x London! Professional City Gent sought for LTR... Professional City Gent sought for LTR... - 33 London I am seeking a nice professional city gent... someone who works in the city... I work in Holborn... Hopefully you are not too far away? It would be great to meet a nice man for dating... and possibly a LTR all things well... Me: I am a 33 year old uni-educated black female 5',8, slim-medium build. Quite gregarious, occasionally acerbic, interested in current affairs and silly trivial affairs. I enjoy travel, keeping fit, listening to 80's cheese, tennis, and the list goes on... but if I reveal all there would be nothing left for you to find out... Please reply with a pic and something about yourself, hobbies, interests, location... it's appreciated -honest. PLEASE NOTE: I am ONLY seeking PROFESSIONAL single men who are looking to date with a view to a relationship etc... I look forward to hearing from you... London! Handsome caring man required for Afghan woman Handsome caring man required for Afghan woman - 24 London am in search of a handsome fit i like sporty athletic guys phsically loving caring man for friendship and then marriage, am not looking for casual. I am pretty girl,Afghan origns,have lived in other european countries previously, have drk brown hair, fiar skin,blue eyes. Will reply to responses with pics and full details about you etc x London! Lovely ebony Lovely ebony - 26 London I would like to find a lovely, nice hearted and most importantly intellectual Caucasian man that might be looking for the same. Age not important, I do not want to complicate your life rather be an asset. I want us to get to know each other, I want us to fall in love one day, I want communication and understanding. enjoy the time we spend together, we could meet for a drink or a meal.. Do not reply if you do not want any of the above. London! Lets explore the world Lets explore the world all Sophisticated beautiful bookish girl seek travelcompanion. If you like to explore the world come with me. I enjoy art, books, dance, nature. Im very down to earh and kind. Send a pic and tell me where you would like to go? all! Gin partner required. Gin partner required. London If the title of this ad is familiar to you then do get back to me. Please reply with a photo... pics of ginger cats especially welcome. Hope I haven't missed my chance to talk to you :. London! Nice looking black female seeking lithuanian or polish guy Nice looking black female seeking lithuanian or polish guy - 32 East londonstratford Hello, My name is sasha. I'm a slim, pretty black woman looking for a nice blonde blue eyed lithuanian or maybe polish guy to meet and see what happens. Please guys I'm NOT looking for a rich man, just a nice looking, humble guys that likes to enjoy life. Sorry but im only looking for lithuanian and polish guys as that I what I like so please do NOT email me If you are not. Take care Sasha East londonstratford! Looking for a cute boy with dark hair Looking for a cute boy with dark hair London Looking for a cute guy in his 30s with dark hair and hopefully blue eyes. Must be a music lover and sport would be a plus too! I am Scottish girl, very passionate about music, travel,food and most of all family and friends. What you waiting for? London! Love to know you Love to know you - 21 london I am looking for a guy who is smart, funny, sweet and good with words. I am romantic and quick to love. I like music and painting. I love to know people. Love to know you ; london! Attractive black female seeking friendship, dating and possibly more.. Attractive black female seeking friendship, dating and possibly more.. - 29 London I'd like to meet a nice guy to engage in lots of good convo and banter with... and see where it goes from there. I like going concerts gigs, theatre, eating out, cosy nights in and travelling. I'm tall, attractive, full-figured, well-educated and employed. If you think we'd click, send me a message and tell me a bit about you. Please be genuine as i'm not looking for NSA. Thanks : London! American girl in town! American girl in town! - 31 Chelsea From the United States in town for a few days for Vacation. Just arrived today. Looking for someone to have dinner and a drink with? I'm a radio Dj in the states. Physically, I'm short and fat : About 5'4 and fuller figured. I also have dark hair and straight white smile with blue eyes. I've attached a picture. Email me if you are interested in chatting. Chelsea! british girl for relationship british girl for relationship - 32 London and Doncaster Genuine 32 year old single parent with 4 children looking for a serious loving and caring person for a serious relationship. Prefer to talk on the phone or text please get in touch o sev fiv tw there one six for fiv sev nin London and Doncaster! Glitter and glue Glitter and glue - 26 When I was younger, I wanted to be a secretary so I could wear pencil skirts everyday. Now I'm an adult, I spend most of my time covered in glitter and glue, despite not being a stripper. This probably belong in nsa but pride prevents me. I'm not looking for anything serious, having already got something quite serious, but I would like an excuse to wear pencil skirts. ! VANiTY FAiR VANiTY FAiR - 39 MAYFAiR VANiTY FAiR Hi i am an English Lady Seeking An Affair in the Style of Vanity Fair. Interested???? Kindly mention from where i took insperation for the Title of My Ad. THANK YOU!!! MAYFAiR! COULD YOU BE THE CREAM IN MY COFFEE : COULD YOU BE THE CREAM IN MY COFFEE : London Well, here goes... Friendly slim black female, quite tall, reasonably intelligent and attractive, caring with a GSOH, in my 30s and hoping to find the cream to compliment my coffee Smile. I will admit, I am attracted to white guys, so if you possess similar attributes and additionally, if you're about 6ft, fit, and sexy - that's a bonus.. lol. In any event I remain very open-minded so far as race, height, nationality, religion and colour is concerned. Perhaps initially, we could meet over a drink or two, see if we get on hopefully we do and then take it from there. Ideally, Id like to establish some more genuine platonic friendships but if there's physicalsexual chemistry between us - great... , I'll be the last to complain wink. I enjoy listening to music I love most types, cinema, reading, nice food, staying in cuddling or whatever takes our fancy ;, pubsclubs and generally enjoying life where I can, i. e. anything new, fun and exciting sounding, I'm more than willing to give a go - life is short! Well, I run the risk of boring you before we've even met, but if you can relate, don't hesitate to reply telling me something about yourself. Also, please attach a picture and I will reciprocate! X London! Overly specific fantasies Overly specific fantasies - 23 London So a few months ago I posted a rather unusual fantasy on craigslist. I got a lot of replies. Many from the clealy insane, but some from what appeared to be generally sensible people. I chatted to a few for a while, and eventually met two of them. It was awesome, frankly. So craigslist, I thank you. But now? Now I'm wondering who else is out there,what else is out there? Reader, do you have your very own overly specific fantasy that you'd share with this slightly weird girl? You never know what could happen. London! Friends with benefits. email this posting to a friend london craigslist gt; personals gt; women seeking men Friends with benefits. - 22 London Friends with benefits. The key word in that phrase is 'friends'. Ideally this will mean that we'll enjoy all the benefits of a committed relationship, minus the emotional ties. You must be willing to make the friendship work and must both genuinely enjoy each other's company You must also be discreet about the nature of our relationship and have a nice tidy place for us to 'hang out'. Please also be respectful, I have pride! though this ad says otherwise. I know that this sounds like a job description, but I have to be clear. Oh and before I forget, only reply if you are attractive tall and close to my age! I know that these things are subjective so maybe ask a stranger?! :p About me: I'm 22 and slim. You can find out the rest later. I won't respond unless you attach a picture to your reply. London! Camper Van Camper Van - 38 Greater London I love camping, i really do! I'd like to meet a man with a motor home or camper van so we can do spontaneous stuff! I enjoy everything from the packing, to the journey itself. Getting to our destination, having a meal, checking out the scenery and getting cosy, keeping warm Its not a casual affair i seek but rather a meeting of minds, i wont gaurantee sex to anyone not even my partner. My body belongs to me and what i do with it is my choice, i will NOT be put under pressure. I expect you to be older than me, but thats the beauty, you enjoy camping and outdoor stuff and good conversation, cheese and wine :- I'm black i'm british, i have a passport if you want to do Europe I'm considered plenty of fun, i'm honest, family orientated and a genuine person. Please be the same, as i want the adventure sooner rather than later! If you dont own a campervan or motor home for road trips not parked on your drive from the 1970's there probably isn't much point in getting in touch, sorry. Camera at the ready! x Greater London! A particular Ltr for a man who loves to give. A particular Ltr for a man who loves to give. London I am looking for a man who would like to embark on a slightly unorthodox LTR with me. If you are a man who adores giving oral to a younger woman and expects nothing in return then it would be a good idea to message me and I will supply more details of what I have in mind. Scammers, married men and those looking for more need not apply. London! THOSE 3 LITTLE LETTERS BBW THOSE 3 LITTLE LETTERS BBW - 50 LONDON hi thanks for taking the time to have a look at my ad i love the idea of the alr relationship i am a bit on the dom side i would love to be your mistress i would love to have a new baby if you get what i mean please tell me why i should pic you thanks and be safe out there LONDON! serious relationship serious relationship - 34 london I am looking for that special man in my life who could make me smile and with whom I could make a fresh start.. You : tall,good looking, white, smart, serious man, who is settle down and want to meet very attractive and nice lady. I am not into games here,no time wasters please!reply just with your picture and info about you. Your picture gets mine! london! The holiday are coming... The holiday are coming... London SSH.. Am sure am not the only one who will be away from my family during this time of year Thanks Giving is this wk.. and my family keep asking me what will I do lol northing so am looking to make some nice friends who like me are travels or away from home and need a smile Am not looking sex sorry good luck with that Am not the skinny girl of your dreams hope you find you looking for please be aware I am not looking for someone Looking Aussie or Kiwi... London! Looking for a date for Thanksgiving Looking for a date for Thanksgiving - 33 East London You are tall, cute, professional guy with a clean cut look working in London interested in American culture or are American. I am an Euroasian professional girl, petite, slim, with a good figure, and have long hair and fair skin. Perfect scenario: We attend the Meet Up in London for American Expats for a Thanksgiving dinner or have our own Thanksgiving dinner. If we click, then the future is our oyster: May be we can even go back to the States together after all the salaries are higher there and the cost of living lower: East London! Older guy wanted Older guy wanted - 23 South london Seeking sort of seeking discrete lover or potential bf, something like regular. About me brunette long hair, slim body, nice breasts, tight, friendly,shy at first. You should be mature in outlook, not too stuck up your own arse like a lot of younger guys are, girthy!!! x South london! drink in central London now?? seeking a nice tall guy, quickly!! : drink in central London now?? seeking a nice tall guy, quickly!! : - 27 Central London?? Hi! send me a photo and a description and lets go : xx I am a white female - tall cool atractive xx Central London??! Sought: an intelligent, interesting man... Sought: an intelligent, interesting man... - 24 London... for an old fashioned affair. Ideally 30-50. Charm, humour and good manners a must. Blow my mind. Those whose idea of eroticism is 50 Shades of Grey need not apply. London! Rugby - All Blacks vs England Rugby - All Blacks vs England - 50 London Does any rugby loving guy out there have a spare ticket to the All Blacks vs England at Twickenham for Dec1st. Willing to pay around the 100 mark for a ticket. I'll even go with you if you have a spare and found your partner has dropped out. By the way I am kiwi, little bit rugby crazy when it comes to the AB's and female 50, but dont let that scare you off. If you are English and by some wild chance we end up going together be warned you will have to get on the other end of my HUGE NZ flag!!!!! lol London! Happy Pre Thanksgiving Happy Pre Thanksgiving London I can not be the only one missing home... Anyway wishing Everyone Happy Thanksgiving!!! London! American girl in London, seeking boy friend American girl in London, seeking boy friend - 27 London Hey Londoners, I am from US. I am in London. Studying here in a local university. I am single and seeking boy friend. Please do send me a message if you want to have beautiful American girl friend. Cheers London! Black British girl looking for a nice American man Black British girl looking for a nice American man - 26 London, UK Hi! I travelled to US a couple times last year, and just had a great time chilling with Americans. I LOVE the American accent and just need to hear it again, from a 21 - 31 yr old, nice, easygoing, friendly, charming and fun American guy, who happens to be good looking and lives inaround London. I would like to maybe go out for a drink and see how it goes. I'm a cool, fun girl, college educated, quite independent, not high maintenance... Could you please respond with a pic, and I will return the favour. I promise, I wont dissapoint : Thanks London, UK! Single looking for a date Single looking for a date - 27 Walthamstow Hi single white female, I'm 27 a single mum and looking for a night out or two. First time trying this. No guy younger than me pls Walthamstow! Curvy, Black Curious Curvy, Black Curious - 28 London I'm a laid back, friendly and positive person. I moved here from the US earlier this year and would love to explore London with a native. I enjoy the little things in life; a quiet cup of coffee in the morning, long funny conversations with friends and a glass of wine with a good book or action movie I don't do chick flicks. Going out is fun but staying in for a cuddle rocks too. My tastes are all over the place and I don't expect them to match yours because that would be incredibly boring and it's more fun to learn about new things anyway. I'm curvy size 18 so if that isn't your thing, thanks for reading, I love music, art, long walks on the beach and every other thing people seem to write in these sort of ads!. So if you're adventurous, have got a sense of humor and anything I've said made you smile, let me know and we could trade pics! London! professional dark skinned man for marriage professional dark skinned man for marriage - 55 london kent looking for an open marriage with a dark skinned professional guy who enjoys the swinging scene london kent! I'm a single girl! I'm a single girl! - 18 swindon I'm a single girl just finished college and looking for a job I live by myself and I have 2 cars, I'm looking for a man to treat me right and I'm looking for a long relationship Don't want anyone who's a cheater and lair I have brown hair, blue eyes and I'm 5ft 5 so I'm pretty short And I'm half Italian and half British swindon! Long distance relationship? Long distance relationship? - 30 xxxx I really find british blonde guys handsome and want to chat for a while and if we like eachother we can get together? I do not live in UK but will come soon... Text me if you like that idea xxxx! Control and ridicule Control and ridicule - 27 Fulham Ahem, listen up boys, LISTEN UP!!!! I mmust be bored, or sick or crazy but I just like to ridicule stupid men. I just lurve it. Tell me about yourself and I might reply. Or I might not because you are boring. This should be fun and sincere! x Fulham! I am, single... i believe in true love with one man I am, single... i believe in true love with one man - 63 Central london I am Bulgaria, looking for a long term serious relationship from 59-71 years Old Central london! Ideal... Ideal... - 29 Central London Hi there! The kind of guy i am into is a man 27-33yo tall white nice good looking respectful clean that is my ideal... but ideal doesnt exist... does it??????????????? ; Central London! seeking a professional dark skinned man for marriage seeking a professional dark skinned man for marriage - 55 kentlondon looking for a dark skinned man to tlc me and spoil and marry london kent area and to explore the swinging scene kentlondon! Looking for classy, solid, intelligent boyfriend.. Looking for classy, solid, intelligent boyfriend.. - 36 Watford! Hi This is the first time I have ever used a posting like this so please excuse any major faux pas! I would love to meet a mature man, older than me, who has led an interesting life and who now ready for a delightful lady to enhance his existence, either as a first love or replacement! The man I am looking for is someone who is comfortable in their own skin as well as confident in all situations. Someone who can introduce me to new experiences as well as share the things I like and are important to me. I am 36 years old, used to own my own business and am now in 'forceful retirement'! I am 5ft 10in tall, slim and curvy. I am passionate about being healthy, I used to visit the gym twice a day but have recently chilled out a bit! I enjoy cooking and all sorts of sweet things which is why I try to balance the bad with the good.. Some of my favourite restaurants in London are, The Wolseley, Le caprice and Locando Locatelli. When given the chance I enjoy going to the cinema, I love most movies, and visiting the theatre. I have been to the opera and would love to go again with someone who can teach me about it. I am currently spending my time reading the 'dummies guide' books in various different subjects! I find it is a good way to increase your intelligence,something I need. In regards to what I am looking for, I can say that it is not a one night stand! I am looking to build a relationship with someone where honesty prevails no matter how ugly the truth may be. I truly believe that someone's inner soul is the most beautiful thing that they can share. Some people look great on the outside but are ugly as sin on the inside, that's not what I want. I do want someone who can make me laugh, make me feel happy happy at the thought of them and treat me like a princess!... lol Thank you for reading this far and if you wish to reply please do so with a picture and a few words about yourself. I think that attraction is instant so looking at someone's picture whilst reading the words they have written seems a good way to make a initial decision. i will of course reply with a picture of me if I feel we could be good together. I am not biased in anyway to a particular ethnicity or religion but would like to meet men who are older than myself. Emma Watford!! pouf pouf london Fit spanish girl going to be in London for sometime to have a break and treat myself.. london! Looking for a cityboy sub boyfriend Looking for a cityboy sub boyfriend - 39 London The tall dark handsome type, around my age. Someone who is not out, but also not paranoid about the double life we are leading, so well adjusted. Someone well travelled. Experience in having reasonably successful relationships is a must. I don't mean play but actual relationships. Andor management experience. A broad range of interests in terms of kinks is also a must, as well as some flexibility in terms of preferences, and a realistic outlook on life. I am reasonable, well adjusted and nice as well as strict. Appear vanilla on the outside. Looking forward to your response!! London! Diversionary tactic Diversionary tactic - 42 Central London I shall be wandering the city aimless preoccupied tomorrow afternoon. Good conversation laughter will help. Any feckless Lothario types up for the challenge over a coffee? Central London! Are you bored? Are you bored? - 35 London Me too!!!!::::...... London! any american man in town for business? any american man in town for business? - 26 london Nice, friendly, attractive girl looking for an specific type to hang out and have fun. I am looking for circumcised American guys older than me also I would like you to be a successful professional, gentleman, be able to handle intelligent conversation and have a good time... I a south american hot brunette. Can wait to hear from you!!! london! African lady looking for ltr, white man 30-45 African lady looking for ltr, white man 30-45 - 35 London I seek a mature, honest and genuine white gent for friendship and more for the right man- it does not matter where you come from, what you do for a living or your material position as long as you are honest, open minded and reliable. You must be based in London and be willing to meet up face to face as I don't buy into communicating by email. You should also come baggage free- it's only fair since I come baggage free- no emotional hung-ups, no ex-boyfriends lurking in the corner, etc. A bit about me- I am African, fit and about 5'2, 35 and live in London- I can be quite bossy or so I have been told!. Professionally, I am a doctoral researcher and in my spare time, I enjoy reading, travelling and all that London has to offer, so if this appeals to you, write back and let me know and we can take it from there! Please no time wasters and I will not get into correspondence with one liners, anyone based overseas and please do not send any photos of your dick London! African Princess for French or Italian Guy aged 30-40 African Princess for French or Italian Guy aged 30-40 - 34 South Croydon Are there any single French or Italian guys aged between 30-40 still living in London? If so, where are you???? I am seeking a genuine and honest FrenchItalian guy for friendship, romance and nights in, nights out and much more hopefully. It doesn't matter what you do for a living as long as you are fit, open minded, reliable, honest and willing to broaden your horizons. You should ideally be based in London and be willing to meet up- ideally, you should also have the time to meet up as well as I do enjoy going out in London- I am not a fan of discos or noisy places but I like cinema, theatre performances and trips to museums, art galleries and travelling as well. It would help if you have the same interests as me. Good English would be a good idea too! A bit about me- I am African, fit and about 5'2, 34 and live in London. I am a doctoral researcher, so if this appeals to you, write back and let me know and we can take it from there! South Croydon! Moment of sorrow, truth, panic despair Moment of sorrow, truth, panic despair - 32 London Hello people... Sorry for the rant, and sorry for ruining your mood, I am just wondering if there are any males out there that get the same thought I get at times. I panic and I fear that I will die alone. Alone AND lonely. I fear that there is noone, literaly NO ONE out there for me, I fear that some weird curse has been accompanying me and it will never let me find a man in my life that would stick around, that would really like to get to know me, that would love me unconditionaly. I fear that no matter what I do, the outcome will always be the same. I fear so many horrible things, and I terrorise myself to death with such awful thoughts, I cannot help but think them. I feel that all the good ones are taken and all the nasty players are left out there, to give me hope or a glimpse for a second of what could have been and would have been, but thats all and nothing more... Just a tester, just a teaser, and then I never get to experience the real thing. I know such thoughts are depressive and I probably shouldnt be bringing you down, but I really want to find out if there is even ONE single guy out there that from time to time feels the same. that it is all vain, that nothing can happen, that noone would ever want to settle down seriously, commit themselves or even have children with me. Oh, i only wish I was more joyful... But I cannot right now... London! BBW looking for FLR with educated and intelligent man BBW looking for FLR with educated and intelligent man - 46 SW London I am interested in finding a man who is looking for FLR relationship but is not submissive. If you are compassionate, thoughtful, egalitarian and imaginative person seeking like minded partner please write to me. I am looking for someone close my age. Needless to say as I am looking for LTR - no married or attached need apply. SW London! Rolling Stones at O2 Rolling Stones at O2 - 25 London O2 Hey Guys, Anybody who is attending Stones concert at O2? Wondering if you need companion and have spare ticket? I am white pretty female in my 20s C'mon, say hello London O2! Not your average girl.. in rainy mood Not your average girl.. in rainy mood - 37 london how come that actually nice, interesting,sexy people can live behind closed door a different life :- anyone else lives with a mask currently? am not desperate, just wondering where all quality men are all married... married men are on CL,... plenty single, genuine and hot men are all married? Hot: Confident, sexy, caring and intuitive? age: 37 to 47? has a career, is single and wants more then just a pretty face? Perhaps a pretty smile too? lol x anyway, am depressed today, to many frogs... london! free tmrw? fancy sensual photosession free tmrw? fancy sensual photosession - 25 London Hey, Talented and modest ; female photographer here I will be at my studio tmrw and still have some slots free was wondering if there are any men would be interested in sensual photosession if so get back with your details put photo in the subject line so I know you are not a spam London! the end.. the end.. - 25 London If you never try you will never know.. I'm tall,black funny adventurous and very well endowed I'm about a size 12 or 14 depending on what top I'm wearing. I work and study finishing up in march. I'm laid back sometimes a little too laid back. Okay here's the catch or maybe not i love sex a lot i have a mans sex drive and i hate the fact of sleeping around so i have to use my vibrator and dildo at least 5 or 6 times a day,and I'm hungry for the real thing and i just don't want the sex i want to be able to click with u. I'm young but have been single for over 10 months and i want something serious with someone who knows what he wants, and someone who is open minded. I'm very curious about most things and it would be fun to explore them with someone. I'm attracted to tall white men,and i also have a thing for laid back guys. So anyone looking for a ltr and is able to match my sex drive should reply with a photo,please send a photo coz i won't reply. And no just coz i have a high sex drive doesn't mean i will jump ur bones immediately we meet,it just means when we are dating u would never be one of those guys that have to wank coz they aren't getting any. London! DATE TONIGHT? DATE TONIGHT? - 36 WEST LONDON. I'm a single, white woman, size 20, looking for a single man interested in dating me tonight. Please be single and located in West London. WEST LONDON. ! Black British girl looking for a nice American man Black British girl looking for a nice American man - 26 London, UK Hi! I travelled to US a couple times last year, and just had a great time chilling with Americans. I LOVE the American accent and just need to hear it again, from a 21 - 31 yr old, nice, easygoing, friendly, charming and fun American guy, who happens to be good looking and lives inaround London. I would like to maybe go out for a drink and see how it goes. I'm a cool, fun girl, college educated, quite independent, not high maintenance... Could you please respond with a pic, and I will return the favour. I promise, I wont dissapoint : Thanks London, UK! chill out at my place chill out at my place - 20 london I am looking for someone cool, laid back, understanding and caring, to hang out with and chill out at my place. I am sweet, easy going and like to have fun. If you are interested send me an email ;o london! British African looking for Americancontinental European man British African looking for Americancontinental European man - 27 Reading 27 University educated British African woman seeking an American or European from the continent. I am fun and engaging; looking for a long term relationship. You'll learn more as you get to know me. Reading! Movies Dinners Movies Dinners - 30 London I am looking for someone intelligent and engaging who is interested in visiting some restaurants and pubs around London, and also regularly going to the cinema. Of course we can also do all sorts of other things like going to gigs, exhibitions, theatre, exploring. I am a black female, creative, aged 30, and I would of course prefer that we exchange photos first so that we both know who we're meeting. That said I don't mind what agerace etc you are, as we could do this entirely platonically. Looking forward to hearing from you! London! Successful christian American man wanted Successful christian American man wanted - 31 LONDON Am black British,gorgeous,tall,slimoften get asked to do modellinghoping to meet An American gentleman,for hopefully something long term. I would be a bonus if your family oriented and a christiani don't practice much but am a believer : He should love travel and the finer things in life,although he must equally be able to rough it if need be,i can't handle these two situations with grace :- LONDON ASSERTIVE? LET'S TALK ASSERTIVE? LET'S TALK - 18 London Young, affectionate and very needy intellectual girl who constantly and secretly seeks assertion from a more experienced and older man with the same qualities. YOU MUST BE ATTENTIVE AND AFFECTIONATE. BEFORE YOU READ ON, PLEASE SEE BELOW This isn't a fetish or a sexual obsession, my whole personality is submissive. Actually, there are scenarios that I remember from when I was 4 years which subtly demostrated my submissive personality. So please whoever is reading this, understand that submission is a built in part of my character, personality and whole life, and it's notjust something I want or am fond of. If you feel that you have always been naturally assertive, it would be even better to get to know you. Most parts of my submissive role are gernerally platonic, it would take a long time for me to submit to you sexually, aside from telling you about my sexual fantasies. I DO NOT WANT - CHAVS OR MARIJUANA SMOKERS - SEX ADDICTS - UNEDUACATED OR UNEMPLOYED - PEOPLE WHO MISTAKE ASSERTION FOR ANGER I LOOK FORWARD TO REPLIES : London! just looking just looking i am about to turn 61, but please don't let that scare you off. ex pat living in the usa. retired nurse that spends alot of time volunteering. i am able to come home to the uk every year. here is what i am looking for. my man would be educated,articulate and have the british sense of humor, like i do. someone who has the time to get to know me. i realize i am over the pond, but things are not impossible. ! Chinese female seeks Chinese Man Chinese female seeks Chinese Man - 35 Near West London If you are not Chinese then please do not email me. I'm originally from Hong Kong but have now lived in the UK for about 20 years. I am educated have a degree in an Arts related subject, self employed own my own house. I also drive. I am a Christian regularly attend Church. I have diverse interests that include art design, photography, playing the piano, attending classical recitals, socializing with friends, travelling etc I am hardly ever at home as I'm always out and about. I am around 5ft 3, slim build, attractive, youthful looking etc I like to take pride in my appearance. Never been married have no children. I don't smoke hardly ever drink. I am seeking a Chinese man who ideally speaks Cantonese whilst I can speak English - I do enjoy conversing in my mother tongue You should be around 32 - 42 max, over 5ft 7. Fairly educated employed. No children please. It would be a bonus if you were also Christian shared some of my creative interests. Please be based in London.. Send a descriptive intro with a photo attached. PS. I am not seeking NSA etc I am genuinely looking for a LTR perhaps leading to marriage kids Near West London! Long term relationship with a man ready to settle down Long term relationship with a man ready to settle down - 31 London Hi. I'm a kind, caring, sensitive, educated, thinking woman considered attractive and slim at 5'6. I am looking for a traditional man who is solvent, financially and emotionally sound, and able to provide and take care of his partner and future possible family. Someone who is kind hearted, mature mentally but fun-loving. Aged between 34 and 45 would be best. You will be British born and not religious. You will be single and looking, as the ad says, for a long term monogamous relationship. Please only reply oif you are genuine rather than wasting both our times. Please send a photo and I will only respond if you attach a photo. If this really sounds like you then let's chat and see how we get on. I have my whole heart to give to the right person. London! Serious Relationship Serious Relationship - 34 London I am looking for that special man in my life who could make me smile and with whom I could make a fresh start. You : tall, preferable 30-45 ;good looking, white, smart, serious man, who is settle down and want to meet very attractive, tall 175cm;slim and nice lady from EU for friendship hopefully leading to meaningful relationship. I am not into games here,no time wasters please,not looking for one night stands or NSA!! So just don't waste yours and mine time!! Reply just with your picture and info about you. Your picture gets mine! London! manly subcuckold boyf sought manly subcuckold boyf sought - 30 London Seeking a strong looking guy under 35 to serve me and treat as I should be treated, I am an ebony kinkster with a creative imaginatgion, so you should be experienced and willingly London! Serious Boyfriend Wanted Serious Boyfriend Wanted - 24 London Hello, Thanks for taking time to look at my Post : I'm a 24 year old student at University. I like to hang out, go out to cinema, club, and just take away night in or cook lol I like music, shopping and travelling, also meeting new people. I am interested in someone who is NOT just UP FOR SEX i can easily get that... Looking for someone who respects themselves and will be able to hold down a conversation, someone who is caring and FUN. No SEX PESTS or people emailing asking for PICTURES endlessly... that sh t don't wash well with me. Preference: Any Race Age: 25-30 I hope to find someone who is NORMAL and not like the constant dickheads found on here... been there, done that!! NO TIME WASTERS or JOKERS... please save yourself the embarassment If you are not interested, Thanks for reading, If you are, then please drop me a message and we can take it from there. Lots of Kisses, Kim x London! enjoy pain enjoy pain - 30 london Hi, I'm looking for a guy who isn't afraid of dishing out some tough love. I enjoy it rough and would like to make this a regular thing. I'm looking for someone who can separate what happens in the bedroom from the everyday and is polite. I'm not a push over, just like it very rough sometimes. london! bored and dreamy bored and dreamy - 30 East LDN Hiya all who read this. The title says it all. I am bored and dreamy. I'm a 30yo girl, married dont judged me please!!! who is keen to hear form guys regarding taboo subjects such as cuckolding and slavery. This is not an invitation to spam me asking for all sorts of nonsense. Be nice. Ciao East LDN! Looking for bed partner on friday night Looking for bed partner on friday night - 26 London I am a Larger Size Plus Woman who is looking for someone to be my bed partner with Friday,all night watch movies and talk. NO SEX. Just want someone to hold and who will hold me back. We can meet order in for dinner. Please under stand not looking for sex. Please be 27-35. White males only. Please send photo tell me about yourself and put CUDDLE in the subject. if not i will not reply. Sorry to many fakes and assholes out there. Hope to hear from someone great. Military a PLUS. London! Any soldiers want cute country girl Any soldiers want cute country girl - 26 London Looking for a soldier to maybe date. I am 26, funny, own a townhouse, have vehicle and great job in corrections. Brown hair blue eye 5'4 and chubby. Country girl that knows how to hunt and use 4wheel drive. Would like soldier since my schedule is always rotating and what not and civilians with 9-5 job just don't understand my career comes first. Prefer white country guys but don't be afraid to respond since could always use more friends. Can't include pic on this post because of security of my job. Please contact me of interested. London! Bored : Bored : - 17 London Im just looking for a mate :p nothing crazy or sexual, just someone to have fun with really. If your looking for a quick fuck... then its not for you!! You must speak proper English i don't want to be repeating myself or anything. You must be younger then 40, i really don't feel like talking to any weirdos either : Anyways a bit about me: Into outdoor-ys things and being adventurous :D But im a geek at times : Love animes and mangas - a huge book worm too :p and i guess im pretty nice most of the time Even though i might sound stuck up or bitchy on here So if your interested drop me an email with your face pic and you'll get one in return London! Complicated BBW... Complicated BBW... - 39 London Or is it? Ok I have tried using Craiglist's before and just got bored of the nonesense however I am back again because my criteria is different. I am extremely disallusioned with the dating scene at the moment, but also realised I'm lonely too, not desparate but I am missing some affection So looking for casual dating dates drinks some intimacy it if feels right. I miss kisses and cuddles. Strictly not into wham bam More about me black BBW late 30's single sassy sweet professional easy going, More about you... Single London based Mid 30's to late 40's sweet tall easy going... Don't mind about what your racial background is as long as you are genuine. Lets see if you guys actually read this post in full No scammers or Crazies. Tell me the name of your favorite chocolate bar and lastly I am unlikely to respond to email address that doesn't have a name, A few lines about yourself will be great no ping pong let's meet for a coffee and suss each other out. Cheers xx London! looking for a big black jelly baby looking for a big black jelly baby - 55 looking for a big black jelly baby with a big blak wallet to match... bolixs ohhhhh i mean frolixs fun and laughter mmm! Seeking romantic date Seeking romantic date - 39 London Hi, I'm looking for a genuine romantic date in London. Nothing heavy, just a lighthearted date with an honest guy. Maybe you have recently broken up with your girlfriend? Same here with my boyfriend, so really just some light company, nothing serious. Ideally you are smart educated, spiritual and interested in world affairs and the truth of what is happening around us no sheep. Looking forward to receiving a short e-mail with a photo from you! Thanks. London! Random chats with a freaky brunette bbw? Random chats with a freaky brunette bbw? London Hello hello hello! Note you need to like girls with big bums, tums and hips as I provide the more classically styled figure ;bbw, fuller figured. I'm the lower end of my twenties, average height, dark hair and plumpy! But my curvy looks I add with charm, wit and intellectual chaos! Okay I need someone to sweep me off my feet with laughter, random banter and adventures. I like exploring new avenues in life so hence I found this place. Despite studying, that partying life plus a busy schedule means dating takes a back seat. And drunken one night stands only leave you feeling... well I avoid those haha! Rather have drunken chat with a hot guy and leave him waiting. No, I like lover situations and good sex takes time... Nothing too serious, just casual dating suits me at the moment. Going to the theatre, cinema, drinks, coffee, museums... or anything as I'm a bit varied with life. Find out more on reply. ; Your London big girl Xxx London! Lonely in London Lonely in London - 32 London Do you also feel lonely at times? I just would like a nice and caring guy to be there for me every single time I need a hug, every single time I need a friendly voice on the phone, every single night I would rather watch a movie and cuddle. I do not want a perfect guy, just a guy that would be smart enough to now not to pick up a fight with me, emotional enough to stare into my eyes, old fashioned enough to believe in long lost chivalry codes and such and lonely enough to want to contact me. This is NOT an nsa type of ad. I repeat this is NOT an nsa ad. I like strings. In fact I believe that strings are always there, always. I am looking for something sweet, loving, nurturing... Idealy you are around my age - 5 and a quite serious and intellectual person. You are also open to getting to know new people and falling in love with them... London! Free meal TODAY Monday! Free meal TODAY Monday! London I have a 40 voucher which expires today and I am looking for someone who'd like to share it with me, as my lunching partner has had to cancel! It's at The Oyster Shed, which is a great gastro pub very near BankMonument tube. My interests mainly revolve around music and art, and I also love all the usual stuff like film, reading, going out etc so we will have a lot to talk about!! Get back to me asap if you're free today and hopefully see you a later on. Just to confirm, you won't have to pay for any of your food or drink : London! attractive blonde seeks handsome man attractive blonde seeks handsome man - 41 north london I'm a good looking amusing woman who wants more sex and possibly to find true love. Tell me about yourself and attach a photo and maybe we can meet up. north london! looking a professionalwell employed older man looking a professionalwell employed older man - 28 chelsea looking for a sophisticated, educated guy to take me to dinners bars a glasss of wine accompained good music... you should be in good shape, caucasian or mix race age between 34 to 54. reply to me lets take from there... chelsea! american man american man - 26 london Nice, friendly, attractive girl looking for an specific type to hang out and have fun. I am looking for circumcised American guys older than me also I would like you to be a successful professional, gentleman, be able to handle intelligent conversation and have a good time... I a south american hot brunette. Can wait to hear from you!!! london! I Get Too Hungry for Dinner At Eight I Get Too Hungry for Dinner At Eight - 39 Circa Hyde Park I Get Too Hungry for Dinner At Eight So If U want to make a Date Don;t Make it Late That's Coz This Lady is a Tramp!! I have Long Blonde Flowing Hair Live Life without a Care Am Broke,, But it's Oke!!! That's Why this Lady is a Tramp English Lady Seek's An American Canadian Gentleman who visits London, Frequently, or Occassionally. Stays in a Central London Hotel.. A Gentleman who is at least A decade older than I... Circa Hyde Park! Letter to my Future Husband Letter to my Future Husband - 45 USA Dearest, I am writing to you because I can't seem to reach you any other way as it seems my telepathic kinesis link to you has been out of synch now for quite some time. Knowing that you easily get bored and will occasionally peruse about actually reading over these CL posts seemingly if just enough to have a laugh and entertain yourself, however I've decided to seemingly take the lead hoping that there may just be a chance that I might actually have unwittingly found you here floundering about? More than likely that you've been secretly hoping that for just once one of these damn silly adverts was specifically geared just for you, as none of them really has ever clicked before now. It's really not very often if ever that you've really felt compelled enough to even answer one of these silly adverts, well actually that is not until today but you just knew and somehow sensed that this may be the one and only and possibly the last chance you might have ever to truly connect with me: your future wife and no I didn't really mean your future ex-wife. Although we both may not be entirely perfect, you just know were just perfect enough for each other. We both tick each other's boxes which is enough to say that all the non-negotiables are no longer each of our curses of our having held out upon our high standards and lofty expectations for our future partner. At our age we can laugh at all the crazy impetuous activities and adventures we've both have had within each our own lives and as it seems now we've agreed to create some new ones of our very own to share. Although it is those past occurrences that have helped to shape us into the people that we both have become, we're really just not that sorry about them at all now but rather we both know it would best if they were just kept as memories of each of our own not so distant past's. We both know were walking on a different path in life now and want someone to be there by our side and on each other's side. Since our children are grown now and gone, we are both completely over each of our ex's and we've both certainly sowed our wild oats well the remainder of them which are left we've since agreed to sow together. We've both come to recognize what is that is most important within each other's lives and are old enough to know that of which is of actually relative importance and yet what is significant enough for us to admit which has to be defined as something we both have secretly longed and hoped for. Admitting now that we've both grown and matured we both are willing to say we have learned from the mistakes which are now relegated to our pasts. We know we're still destined to yet again find love, chemistry, understanding and most of all the fact that we both think enough in each of our own selves to be able to say that while we're each quite equitable enough to equate marriage as the notion of becoming a fabulous future spouse to someone whom we know is out there but yet again not just anyone! Live-Love-Laugh, as clich ' as it seems... that is what we both have resounded to as being our own mantra but yet at the same time we remain sane, solvent and forever hopeful that we may one day find each other... All My Best- Your future wife xx USA! Sweet black British girl looking for a JapaneseKoreanChinese man Sweet black British girl looking for a JapaneseKoreanChinese man - 18 London Hello, I'm Miranda. I wasn't specific the last time apologies, I'm not really attracted to Indian men. It's difficult to find men I'm attracted to in my university town so I thought I'd give this a shot. I'd be happy to email back photos. Hope you exist! London! looking for man for something serious looking for man for something serious - 38 lithuania i am looking for man for serious relationship or marriage i am kind tender caring with a good heart and a good character a bit quite but romantic i prefer a real meeting than long letters in internet i have no preference from which country my man can be but must be serious and come to visite me if you are serious please write me back with picture lithuania! lonely female seeks nice company intense sex lonely female seeks nice company intense sex - 29 East London somone to hang out with and do normal stuff with as well as satify each others carnal cravings - hopefully you are tall, attractive, girthy with your own place and like tall black, size 16 fems East London! Friendship maybe more... Friendship maybe more... - 28 Central London... If we click! Preferences : Caucasian, tall and funny guys. Get in touch with a picture... ; Central London! A good man is hard to find... A good man is hard to find... - 23 westminster Hello world of craigslist, While I have always found the world of internet dating strange, I have decided to venture into the unknown... About me... I am a 23 year old female looking for.. what am I looking for? A guy around my age who wants to explore london with me I just moved here, go on a few dates and see what happens? I am an attractive, well travelled, intelligent, creative post-grad student looking for another intelligent someone with left politics and a good sense of humor. I am not posting a picture so you will just have to trust that I do not look like Shrek! Please only respond if you meet the above criteria. Do not reply if you are younger than 21 or if you are married! thank you also extra points for those of you that can tell me who wrote the short story a good man is hard to find... westminster! Would Love to Meet an Asian Man Would Love to Meet an Asian Man - 36 Harrow I would love to date an asian guy, I find myself very attracted to asian men and due to a busy working lifestyle I don't often have the chance to meet and date. I am working in Central London, non smoking, slim amd attractive. Harrow! it would be nice to have a it would be nice to have a christmas bf experience. ? im cool, not overly demanding, have taste etc me nice person, easy on the eye, good friends, love my family, extrovert missing that special person. i know this is a shot in the dark.. but. tell me something that floats ur boat? i prefer honesty.. i dont go for all that bs. x! Submissive sweetie seeks caring Master Submissive sweetie seeks caring Master - 26 London Hi, I am looking for a Master who can take care of me, earn my trust entirely and then do with me as he will. I'm attractive, intelligent, and outside the bedroom would hope to be treated with respect. However, behind closed doors I crave being dominated entirely. Please be over 30 and looking to turn a DomSub relationship into something long lasting. Please send me an email outlining what you have in mind and what you crave. I am open to all ideas and scenarios. London! Do you have everything? apart from a lover! Do you have everything? apart from a lover! - 20 currently not in london. Hello! You accept the love you think you deserve I'm not lazy nor stupid I have proof! I'm looking for a guy who has everything, I know the likelyhood of finding someone who matches this is low. But I'll give it a go! I'll bring a new perspective to your life. I'm not needy nor insecure, I just know what I want and deserve. Please be under 30. X currently not in london. ! Im LOVELY and I fancy a drink and a hug. in Central London. NOW : XX Im LOVELY and I fancy a drink and a hug. in Central London. NOW : XX - 28 Central London Picture and a venue and lets go : I'm freezing and need some good cheering up xxx Central London! sassy student looking for someone similar.. sassy student looking for someone similar.. - 23 Westminster Hello all you craigslist readers... About me... I am a 23 year old female looking for someone to go on a few dates, venture around London and see what happens? I am looking for a student intellectual type someone who can hold a great conversation and is interested in the world of academiawritingreading... I am an attractive, well travelled, intelligent, creative post-grad student looking for another intelligent someone with left politics and a good sense of humor. I am not posting a picture so you will just have to trust that I am no hideous. Please only respond if you meet the above criteria and are willing to send a picture. Do not reply if you are younger than 21, older than 35 or if you are married!!! thank you: Westminster! PA Sex-cretary PA Sex-cretary - 24 w11 Are you looking for a PA or secretary for you business with benefits, I'd be happy to help out. I am tall, slim, intelligent and will keep you happy during and after work. w11! a little something different a little something different - 28 london are you visiting London,need showing around,company,a dinner companion or just conversation? Living in London,looking for a night out or a relaxed one in? : sexy,fun and an educated optimist! lets help each other a genuine ad,please get intouch and i look forward to getting acquainted :- xxx london! LOL! LOL! - 20 London Errmm! I have defiantly made it obvious that I'm new to this. Im a strong minded individual. Curvy and pretty. If race matters to anyone I'm black. I'm looking for a MAN 21- 27 who knows how to take full control and please a woman in and out of the bedroom. Fun and adventurous time spent together. I'm open to getting to know each other for something long term. I guess all you have to do is get in touch and I will send you a pic once I get yours. London! Fun with a bit of intimacy... for now Fun with a bit of intimacy... for now - 23 Greenwich I'm a 23 yo spontaneous, funny, passionate college student looking for a single, smart, REAL passionate man to laugh, chill and have fun with. I hope we can exchange a few emails to know each other. Greenwich! BLACK GIRL FOR A HOT EUROPEAN TRAVEL BUDDY BLACK GIRL FOR A HOT EUROPEAN TRAVEL BUDDY - 23 Under 36 Hi boys, am a hot black girl, looking for a hot, fun European guy, who will be travelling around Europe in December. Pic for pic Under 36! Pretty lady Pretty lady - 30 London for a long term serious relationship that might lead to marriage.. what about u? London! New Girl in town looking for man New Girl in town looking for man - 21 London Hi Girls new girl in town straight off the plane from California. Looking for love and a whole lot more. Too busy to meet people in barsclubs thought I'd try this this. Get in contact with your pictures. Ill send mine after. Lucy XxXxXx London! Saturday 7. 30pm Date with Black lady Saturday 7. 30pm Date with Black lady - 42 London Would like a date with a nice man no sex attached for saturday night. I am attaractive intellengent and good company. Want to go out for dinner not a drink somewere nice and clssay. If you are interested let me know only replies with pics will get a responce. I dont like bad breah and arrogance. Age 35-55. Race unimportant. London! would love a date and a good would love a date and a good your placehotel seeing too!! if we clickhit it off.. im thinking fri or saturday night.. 6pm onwards... once ive seen ur photo and know ur genuine and my type - i will respond with more details. myself: cute sexy curvy, good laugh.. x your placehotel! ELEGANCE, ALLURE BRAINS ELEGANCE, ALLURE BRAINS London whole UK Central European in her 40s, smart, sporty. elegant, flexible, well-travelled, own business, seeks her second half with wit, brains, financially stable for mutual arrangement long-term relationship or some form of eccentricity in a marriage. Please have manners, humour, tolerance. All nationalities welcome. Looking forward to your reply including a picture. Thank you! London whole UK! meeting up for a drink? meeting up for a drink? - 23 As stated in the title. Want to meet someone just for a drink. Nothing more. Reply with a pic if you're interested. ! Domme for Sub, something different Domme for Sub, something different - 20 South West London I'm looking for a submissive man who will worship me and follow my commands. I want you to buy me gifts and try hard to please me as my happiness is key. However I also want a man who i can converse with in a normal way, I want to be able to talk about current affairs, your likes and dislikes and hear your actual opinions not just what you think i will like you to say. I like my submissive to have an opinion from time to time. In addition to this I enjoy the sexual side to domination as well, but i understand that a few submissive men don't, and thats ok, just having control is enough for me. I am looking to meet and have a coffee, discuss what we both like and then if i approve of you we cans start... Please reply with a picture of yourself and tell me your height, I prefer men over 510 however this isn't essential. South West London! looking for a date on the 7th tonbridge area looking for a date on the 7th tonbridge area - 55 tonbridge looking for a dark skinned man of mature years to wine and dine me on the 7th dec in the tonbridge area and may be a hotel for afters so any romantic men up for wine dine and 69 xxx tonbridge! Single lady Single lady - 28 West london I am good looking lady and I looking for long term relationship with a docent man West london! Nice looking black female seeking lithuanian or polish guy Nice looking black female seeking lithuanian or polish guy - 32 East londonstratford Hello, My name is sasha. I'm a slim, pretty black woman looking for a nice blonde blue eyed lithuanian or maybe polish guy to meet and see what happens. Please guys I'm NOT looking for a rich man, just a nice looking, humble guys that likes to enjoy life. Sorry but im only looking for lithuanian and polish guys as that I what I like so please do NOT email me If you are not. Take care Sasha East londonstratford! ENGLiSH LADY A DATE 4 A MATURE AMERiCAN GENTLEMAN ENGLiSH LADY A DATE 4 A MATURE AMERiCAN GENTLEMAN - 39 LONDON CENTRAL English Lady look;'s to meet a Mature American Gentleman, who is Mature in Year's Attitude.. with A Dry Witty sense of Humour. A Gentleman who is a Frequent or Occassional Biz Traveller to London Looking to meet an Easy to get along with English Lady. For Drinks Dinner Dessert.. I am a good listener, great conversationist, Lite Hearted. A Good All rounder. Who know;'s a lot of Londoner venues off the usual, over crowded, over rated, over proced Tourist Route. I Look forward to reading from You with dates area You will stay in London LONDON CENTRAL! Dinner? Dinner? London Im in the NW area heading to a Nigerian party tonight,. I have many more lined up and figured it would be nice to have someone come with me. If you are free and bw 30 and 40 and can get ready in record speed contact me with a picture. I wont respond if there is no picture London! Black female lost in the city! Black female lost in the city! - 29 Central London Hi, I'm an attractive professional black female, nice figure and personality, with too much time on her hands. Lets explore the city together! Looking for a professional, intelligent male with a nice smile : Please send a photo with your reply x Central London! Nice Jewish man? Nice Jewish man? - 63 London Single Jewish lady seeks connection Must be a non-smoker Most other things negotiable London! Nice Jewish man? Nice Jewish man? - 63 London Single Jewish lady seeks connection with singleavailable Jewish man Must be a non-smoker London! curvy and clever curvy and clever - 31 London Hello I am looking to meet an educated intelligent man for dating, fun and good conversation. I, myself am an avid reader, sporadic theatre goer ; appreciate culture and the arts. I am mixed race, quite a big buxom woman. I think you need to like the bigger woman to date me. I like classical and modern art and music. Mostly I would like to meet someone for laughs, fun and relaxing over dinner and drinks.. x London! Looking for a nice man Looking for a nice man - 25 Central London I'm looking for a nice man to date, hopefully lead to something serious. Men with blue eyes and brownishblondish hair attract me most. And I like German guys and native English speaker especially English guys who can speak English without any odd accent. I don't date vegetarians because I eat all kinds of food and finally I only go out with non-smoker. Right, I'm an oriental girl, pretty face, lovely smile, slender, fairly attractive. You'll find out yourself if you're lucky enough to meet me in person. I work in the City, live in London and I really want to find this man very soon with the prospect to have him spend Christmas and new year's holiday with. Ok if you think you're him, please write me an email: Let me know how you look like and what you're looking for. Central London! People Person People Person - 21 Surrey Hey, I'm looking for people to talk with - email only. No matter who you are, I'd love to hear about your life and how feel about different things. I'm a great listener, and I usually get inspiration for my writing from conversations, so you'd be doing me a big favour. So whether you need to vent after a bad day, have some ideas and no one to talk about them with, or even if you just feel lonely, send me an email! I know this is pretty pointless to say but I'm not looking for sex, or to meet up in real life. I just want to have some real, genuine conversations. Surrey! Asian female for Brainy Sexy Black or Asian male Asian female for Brainy Sexy Black or Asian male - 29 North London Strong, independent and smart Asian female for strong, independent, whip smart Black or Asian man with a soft side. Me: Slim petite; enjoys good food, music, art, design and definitely good company. Wide and diverse tastes and hobbies and tend towards a healthy lifestyle, but not militant about it. You: 28-34 or willing to be pretty persuasive about why I should consider otherwise; and open to building a friendship and maybe more and realizes that it doesn't happen overnight. You have a healthy respect for women, and are beyond playing games and have been so for some time. I'll keep an open-mind about you - but someone with a positive spirit, good humor, with a sharp mind and even more caring and open heart will do just fine. Bonus if you are active and fit, have your own sense of style and passionate interests. You know the brain is an organ but think of it as a muscle worth developing alongside the other ones.. Double bonus if you can cookmakeor teach me something I don't already know. No one-liners and definitely no embarrassingly naked photos or penis pics please. Just don't even bother. If you're a smoker, heavy drinker, andor very pious, chances are it won't work out. Bad spelling and poor grammar also turnoffs. North London! REST YOUR MIND REST YOUR MIND - 18 London To every man on craigslist, I want to hear your stresses and why it's so stressful. I want to hear all about your day. Imagine we're sitting together in your most ideal and utopic place.. a cave, a beautiful garden, underwater. Just imagine anywhere you cant be in real life, and tell me about your day, your troubles just tell me all about it even if I won't understand. You can also ask me questions about what you don't understand and think I might. Write the way you feel too, not the way I'd like to hear it. PLEASE NOTE THIS IS NOT A PROFESSIONAL SERVICE OR A SERVICE YOU CAN PAY FOR!! IT IS JUST SOMEBODY OFFERING A LISTENING EAR AND ADVICE London! dates dates - 55 kent roses are red and ready for plucking would a darkskinned like a date on wednsday and friday to do some... have a drink or 2 a meal hotel his treat as its my birthdady wined dined n 69! not 2 missed dark skinned men only x kent! Need a Date for a Christmas Party?? - w4m Need a Date for a Christmas Party?? - w4m - 21 london Need a date for a christmas party? Tired of being the single in a group of couples? need a bit of arm candy, but not looking for fake and obvious? Need someone that can take part in conversation, look good and know how to back you up. Then you need me, drop me a line and I see if I can help. xx Violet london! I want to fall in love... I want to fall in love... - 32 London As it sais in the title, I desperately want to fall in love with a man. It is years, literally YEARS that I do not feel like I am in love, and I am feeling sooooo really tired by this constant emotion that nothing happens, that nothing is worthy. I miss waking up in the morning and thinking of a guy, going to bed and thinking of a guy, I miss the texting, the last how-has-your-day-been-and-goodnight call, I miss the cuddling on a couch while watching a movie, I miss being in someone's arm and the warmth and safety that this place has... Of course I miss the sex as well, but I miss the rest of the stuff way more, and I think they are more essential, so I am not looking for sex NSA whatever you want to call it, but for the FULL EXPERIENCE. Knowing tha someone is thinking of me, just as much as I am thinking of them. Seeing the need in a man's eyes, knowing that I am special to him, or that the time he spends with me is like magic and means the world... Oh, how much I long for it... How much I long for you... I know you are somewhere out there, feeling exactly the same way I do. Maybe you are a little bit broken by the world, maybe you have lost your faith in women... Maybe you have lost your faith in real love, in finding real love, a soul mate... Maybe you have given up the idea... Maybe you do not even believe in people anymore as well. SO WHO AM I? I am a bit of a dreemer, a bit of a crazy artist, a bit of a warrior, and a bit of a princess. I have had my fair share of difficulties in life, which I find only makes you more human, but this has not formed or defined who I am. I like symphonic music, metal music, hard rock music, jazz, world jazz and some folk music and the blues. I like romantic movies, period and historical movies, political movies and just some action and fantasy movies. Especially if there are dragons and wizzards in them :P I adore the nature, and I would like to live close to it possibly. I am European, white, with green eyes and short hair, a big body, a bigger heart, and an even bigger mind. I am a bit alternative. Yes, this is what you would normally call me... I am quite cultural, I speak 3 languages, and I can mix and match with most people, as I can quite talk and communicate my opinions on lots of things. I can be fun to be around. I have a childlike aspect to me, which is playful -but all artists do anyway-, and a very serious side to me as well. You can find so many opposites in me, maybe it has to do with being a piscean. Pisces notoriously have conflicting sides in their character. WHAT AM I LOOKING FOR? A man that is culture wise similar to me. If you have never been in a museum, things will not work with us. If you do not like music, and rock stuff as well, things will probably not work with us. If you do not have a passion for cultures, and if you do not have a spirit of exploration, similarly, things can be challenging. If you are afraid of commitment, or better yet if you are not willing to really let go and give it a try, we have very slim chances. I want to fall in love, with every inch of my existence. This is no easy task, and probably you have to tick several boxes of mine, and I have to tick several boxes of yours. I find that upon posting something on CL and being a woman, I always get cluttered with a million irrelevant responces. Please be genuine, please be intellectual, and make sure you have read and completely understood what I AM LOOKING FOR gt; London! Looking for dom guidance Looking for dom guidance - 18 West London Hello there. I'm looking for someone who has experience with submissives. I've been interested in being someone's submissive since early teens, and having recently lost my virginity, I feel that now might be the time to explore it, preferably with an experienced dom. I'm from outside the west of London, and I'm home this Christmas for university holidays. I don't want to promise sex, because I can't say for definite that that is what I would want - I just want to get to know the scene, and hopefully find someone who will help me enter it. I'd be happy to reply with more detail if you email me. Ideally it would be somebody perhaps 25-40, male and white just preference. For your reference, I am 18, white, brown haired and brown eyed. Thanks for reading! West London! USA college girl USA college girl - 20 Hey! 20yo college girl here, in the United States. Looking to try something new, thought it might be cool to try a long distance relationship with a cute british man : It would be great if you had skype or something so that we could talk, love military and guys with muscles but it doesn't really matter as long as you're cute and fit. Hope to hear from you!! warm up my christmas warm up my christmas - 22 london I'm looking for an ardent friendship with a cute fellow to warm up my Christmas. I am romantic and sweet and like going out at night to night clubs or bars to have fun, but could stay home with you. Send me a mail. london! Slim, curvy girl seeks contented adventurous guy Slim, curvy girl seeks contented adventurous guy - 30 S. London I'm black, female, 5ft 5ins, size 10 hips bigger on top. I spend far too much time working would like to meet an adventurous man who could emigrate with me one day. I'd like to meet someone who can appreciate the advantages of a long-term committed relationship. I'm very close to my family, I love the arts dancing. I have a fabulous dog, so if you hate animals, goodbye! S. London! Seeking tall, fit, Nordic quasi-hipster Seeking tall, fit, Nordic quasi-hipster - 29 East London Mixed race American beauty for tall, intelligent, indie Viking hottie - there's so much going on in this city, let's explore it together! I'll spare the CL soliloquy - reply with a little about yourself and a photo, and we'll take it from there! East London! Any hot crossfit guys out there? Any hot crossfit guys out there? London I got into crossfit about 7 months ago and I love it! An added perk, of course, is all the fit guys that are into it, too. But unfortunately, I haven't come across any that work out whenwhere I do. So if you're a cute, single crossfitter, get back to me with a pic and a little about yourself - I would love to hear about your last PR! Happy WODding! ; London! A drink before heading back home? A drink before heading back home? - 28 Central London Any white tall guy out there? Send me your pic, a plan for this eve and lets do it : I'm white blond 5'11 tall xxxx Central London! Im looking for a PA or office job. Im looking for a PA or office job. - 19 london Hi! Im looking for a job as a PA or just an office job, i have worked as an assistant accountant before. make me an offer? : looks wise im 19, blonde, hazel eyes, size 10, 5'8 london! need company need company - 20 london I need company to go to concerts or just chill out, someone cool and straight forward. My home is cozy and we can stay there most of our evenings. If we click you can stay over. I am a fun, down to earth girl. You can always send me an email. london! BBWcurvy lady looking for friendship maybe more... BBWcurvy lady looking for friendship maybe more... - 23 Hey I'm a 23 year old student, 510, green eyes, long dark hair, size 18. I'm looking to meet a tall man 24-35 for friendship possibly more. I love music, going out, spending time with friends and family. If you want to know anymore get in touch. Xx p. s I'm not looking for any freaks, weirdos or NSA so if that's what your after I'm not your girl! cute girl looking for a partner cute girl looking for a partner - 25 London Hello everyone, I am Emina from London, i am a brunette, good looking :. I have a nice job, a flat and a car, so if you are from London, or near by, hit me up so i can tell you more about me. I hope you are up for exchanging pictures, but please keep in mind that i do not want any nude pictures in my inbox, if i want to see you naked, i will see you in real life! Best Regards, Emina S. London! BABY iT's COLD OUTSiDE BABY iT's COLD OUTSiDE - 39 K C Area's Knightsbridge, Belgravia, Mayfair, St. James,, Kensington, Chelsea,,, BABY iT's COLD OUTSiDE I Really can Stay,,, I Won't Have to Go!!! Coz Baby iT's Cold Outside The Evening Will Be, So Very Nice I'll Hold Your Hands, So They Won't Feel Like Ice I Won't Be in a Hurry.. Coz Baby iT's Cold Outside My Eye's r Like Starlight, My Lip's r Delicious! I am Very Warm You'l Want to Stay Inside Coz Baby iT's Cold Outside English Lady looks to meet An American Gentleman Biz Traveller, Age 45 During Your Stay in London K C! There is a vacancy at my soul There is a vacancy at my soul - 22 Kennington Tonight. Intelligent, charming single man wanted for Soul Vaccination show 83 Let's keep this short, sweet, and real Kennington! young married woman looking for fun young married woman looking for fun - 28 London Hello! I am 28 years old married woman from London. My husband is spending a lot of time on a business trips and on work and i am bored at home, i am good looking, dark hair, dark hairs, sexy body... etc... If you are up for some hot chatting, or maybe even a deesecret fun some time in a future, send me an email. London! Mature asian seeking LTR Mature asian seeking LTR - 50 anywhere I am looking for serious LT relationship. I am a mature asian, working in Kuwait as cook of a wealthy kuwaiti family for 18 yrs. It is time for me to move on. I am looking for a true and caring gentleman who likes a true, caring and sincere middle age asian lady who wants to be pampered and loved. I am an excellent cook and very good in keeping house clean and tidy. I am not a scam and will not ask for any financial help. Only honest response pls. anywhere! Lilly- New To Area... HELP! Lilly- New To Area... HELP! - 28 Hi Guys, My name is Lilly and I am 28 years and in desperate need of some friends. I recently moved to the area from California, USA. I am fit and attractive and looking to have some fun. I am not looking for an uber serious relation just good times. Look forward to hearing from you! Huggz and Kisses, Lilly! Japanese woman seeking LTR Japanese woman seeking LTR - 38 London Hello. I am a Japanese woman living in London for 10 years. I am looking for a LTR with warmhearted and decent man who is interested in different culture or like oriental culture. I educated in the United States, like traveling, learning language, trying new restaurant. If you are around my age wanting to have a serious relationship, please reply me with your picture. Thanks for reading and talk to you soon! London! Single 40 Single 40 London Single, slim, tall, dark hair, brown skin... seeks a man around 40 to 50 for fun times. Plesase send a picture, tell me a bit about you and let's take it from there Xxx London! BLONDE, WANTS LOVE BLONDE, WANTS LOVE - 31 LONDON big blonde wants to meet a man of her dreams, caring, loving, and understanding, tell me what you want out of life, no time wasters LONDON! GypsySoul seeks GypsySoul GypsySoul seeks GypsySoul FreeFlying throug Europe it isn't finding the perfect person but learning to see an imperfect person perfectly - we all have our flaws but when I view you through my eyes, perfection is all I see... ! KABIR I am seeking a loving passionate independent artsy spiritual travel companion for a long term relationship. Your pic gets mine 40 5. 11 green eyes FreeFlying throug Europe! looking for a serious relationships looking for a serious relationships - 30 London Pretty woman looking for a man from 40 y. o. who valuates women's beauty to create serious relationships London! Female Accompanier Female Accompanier Anywhere Anyone seeking a female accompanier for an office Christmas party or any other such event, given the season? If so tell me a little about yourself and the event, and please attach a picture of youself clothed as well. Anywhere! Company to see a musical Company to see a musical Looking for some company to see The Bodyguard musical later on this month. Any takers? Looking for someone respectful, hygienic and well dressed. No older than 45 please. Thanks. ! Are you looking for fun... Are you looking for fun... - 28 Londonish... Lighthearted conversations? First things before we begin: No,I probably won't be free for a meet up today. Yes, I like big cock as much as the next girl, but I doubt yours is as big as you say. No, I don't want to fulfil your breast feeding fantasy. If your'e ok with any of the above then feel free to message me. We can discuss life, your failed marriage, my failed career. The fact that it's so cold I refuse to leave my bed today. I'm fun, flirty, intelligent and a great catch if you're fast enough. Londonish! Dominant man for dating sought Dominant man for dating sought - 28 City City type female bored of the usual whiles seeks an intelligent and attractive man who can't ignore his dark and deviant dominant streak for dating. Having recently discovered my preference for submission I would like to find a relationship where I can embrace and explore this. So far, I haven't been convinced that a relationship such as this exists - perhaps you can show me otherwise.. I am professional, fun, articulate and adventurous - please be the same and under 40. Looking forward to hearing from you. City! Married Professional Indian woman looking for a white lover aged 40-48 Married Professional Indian woman looking for a white lover aged 40-48 GET NOWHERE SCAM Been posted umteen times and a complete waste of your time as so many on this site now. So avoid, you have been warned!!! GET NOWHERE SCAM! I am seeking boy friend in London I am seeking boy friend in London - 26 London hey guys, 26 years old, beautiful, charming, hot, sexy, caring and loving am single and looking for boy friend in london London! Date someone different! Date someone different! - 23 South London Before I begin let me state I AM NOT looking for a suga daddy or offering any 'services' so if you're in the market for that please click off. Also I AM NOT looking for NSA so do not message me anything dirty. I'm looking for a relationship, a proper relationship with an older man. I'm at pinnacle point in my life very recent graduate feel sorry for me! and I just want to date someone different, who's mature and focused. XX More about me XX I'm 5'3 size 1012 very cute features, Black British born. I go to the gym very regularly whilst I have the time available to. In the mist of attending interviews and filling out job applications I still have my job from my student days.. I'm sharp, open minded, loud but selectively quiet, opinionated yada yada. My tolerance levels are unashamably low because I like people who can keep up with me, why accept anything else? ONLY REPLY IF! you're aged 35-45... SANE, FIT attaching a photo and looking for a real relationship. I'd like to hear from someone who has their life together that would be the whole point of me going older! Speak soon South London! Normal Men where are you? Normal Men where are you? - 23 waterloo I am looking for a normal, non creepy, intelligent, funny, adventurous and interesting guy to go on some dates with and hop skip and jump around london! Extra points if you're a studentcreative type.. into reading and art and writing and drinking and eating yummy food! I am an attractive post grad female who can't find someone who fits this criteria in real life, so am trying CL. Please only respond if you meet the above criteria and send a picture. Do not reply if you are younger than 21, older than 30 or if you are married!!! No cock pictures, please! thanks x waterloo! serious man in his 30s serious man in his 30s - 32 London Dear reader... Hello there... Thank you for clicking my ad, and wish you all the best, might it be with me -or with the choice of your heart whoever that might be... Ok, first things first, age is not an issue really, but it is a bit as well... If you are around my age that is fine. If you are not but you are still great, that is fine again. You know age is just one of those generic markers, but rules have exceptions always and I understand that.. I would always fall for Robert Plant or Henry Rollins even if they are in their 60s 50s respectively, but hey... that is always Robert Plant and Henry Rollins, if you see what I mean... I am a lonely lady, and a lovely lady, that wants not just some spice in her life, but a deep fullfilling relationship with a like minded man. I am obviously single, and have never been married, and have never had a very serious relationship either, and I would like to go down that path. I am a bit alternative. Not really a hippy, but just an alternative person that can enjoy anything from opera to punk and can hang around with a variety of people. I am quite tall with fair complexion, green eyes, dark short hair, an accent, and a dress size 20. Have several ear piercings and a nose piercing. I am into tattoos but have not got any yet. I am polite, ellegant and sophisticated in my own way. I do not have any court shoes. I do not have any dresses. I like nature and philosophy, the occult, religions, cultures... all these weird things that humanity has been concerned with. Would like a like minded man or even the complete opposite man, who would never the less like to give it a try. I really would like to meet a Scotch or an Irish... just because I have never been around one... Not mandatory, just the obsession of the month lets say. Someone weird as me, who would like to get married in the woods under the starry sky, or help me give birth to our first child at home, and other weird neo-hippy stuff as a friend of mine would say. If you are serious enough and wish to have a deep relationship in your life, you are welcome to answer me. As a rule on CL and on the internet, it is considered rude to ask for pictures. This does not mean I do not care to see what the brilliant minds that respond to my ad look like of course. But as I do not ask for yours, please do not ask for mine on the first email either... your picture will get mine... Have a wonderful day whoever you are! London! sub white boy wanted sub white boy wanted - 40 SE London Tall, beautiful, Black BBW Domme looking for a submissive white boy who has strong interest or experience in bdsm You should be: under 35 white single no girlfriends or wives 6 feet or taller hung 7 can drivehave car local to SE london educated, smart, employed polite obedient clean eager to please SE London! Married Professional Indian woman looking for a white lover aged 40-48 Married Professional Indian woman looking for a white lover aged 40-48 Get Nowhere Been posted umteen times and a complete waste of your time as so many on this site now. So avoid, you have been warned!!! Get Nowhere! Looking For My Nerdy Prince Over In America Who Loves The UK! : Looking For My Nerdy Prince Over In America Who Loves The UK! : - 26 London UK I am looking for my nerdy prince over in America who loves the Uk! : I am hoping to see if I can find a real nerdy American prince over in the States??? I would like for you to be 27 and over. I don't mind if you had been married or if you have children. I just want you to be looking for the same as I am. It would be cool if you have an interest in British stuff. I am a 26 year old London woman, fun loving, creative and passionate about life! I am looking to build a relationship and see what happens. Please send a picture and an email telling me about yourself. Please do not send any naked pictures! I will not get back to you! Looking forward to speaking with you! XxX London UK! Seeking fun kind bright husband Seeking fun kind bright husband - 40 London Funky black woman seeks warm, intelligent, educated man for future together. I'm tall, into music and the arts, social issues and fun! Educated responses please from single, unmarried men only. London! Pretty, petite blonde girl wltm handsome black man Pretty, petite blonde girl wltm handsome black man - 22 London I've never been with a black man before and I'd like to make this dream a reality. It's not all about the sex, I'd like to find out a bit about you first and we must have some kind of a connection. I am 100 genuine and will provide a photo of myself after you send me yours. Have never done this kind of thing before but thought it could be interesting. You must be very good looking and fit, definitely older than me and preferably born in the UK but that one's debatable. Only reply if you are genuine, have a photo of your FACE not your dick, and are willing to prove who you are on Skype. If you send me a picture of your dick, I will not reply. Tell me a little about yourself : Look forward to hearing from you x London! looking for love looking for love - 43 london Hi guys?I am a single woman with no baggage well travelled and looking to meet a decent man who is genuine and not fake as most people on here i have put the add before and i got lots of rubbish please for those ones looking for sex don't waste your time because is not going to work,By telling me how beautifull i am how nice i am i have experience in tha so move on, I will tell you more about me if we meet in person many thanks,please no old man either, london! Young girl looking for a serious relationship. Young girl looking for a serious relationship. - 28 Kazan I am a single girl. Really want to find a serious relationship. I'm always happy, cheerful, beautiful. It would be great if I pay attention. Kazan! Sub seeking Sub seeking - 27 London Seeking submission Real time only, please reply with pic. Can accommodate. Bondage Orgasm control Corp punishment Humiliation London! Looking to meet this weekend Looking to meet this weekend - 21 London My boyfriend is away this weekend so i am lookig for someone to come over and show me a good time if you know what that means ; There seem to be a lot ungenuine people on here so please only contact me if you are serious Clare xx London! TwentySomething, Educated, Fun, Black, bbw TwentySomething, Educated, Fun, Black, bbw East London Looking for someone to spice up my life a little! Nights in, nights out, whatever really. Get in touch if your genuine x East London! Hello gorgeous! Hello gorgeous! So what is a charming, clever, successful guy like you doing here? Perhaps you have come to meet the smart, gorgeous and lovely me! A few lines and a photo would be a good start. ! Looking for someone... Looking for someone... - 23 London Who knows how to spoil a girl. I am sexy, young, ambitious, and I have my eye on the Rocco Alexander Wang bag... London! ILUMINATE MY LiFE ILUMINATE MY LiFE - 39 Kensington, Knightsbridge, Belgravia, M ILUMINATE MY LiFE Kensington, Knightsbridge, Belgravia, Mayfair, St. James,, Connaught Portman Village,, Marylebone,, English Lady Seek's Charismatic American Gentleman Age 45 A Gentleman who is sociable, A Good talker,, Entertaining, A Business Traveller to London Essential Look Forward to Read From You!!! Kensington, Knightsbridge, Belgravia, M! Complacent No More! Complacent No More! - 22 Zzzzone 1 I'm looking for someone whose interesting and interested. Someone who can laugh. And make eye contact. Its not a particularly tall order, but you'd be surprised how difficult it is to find anyone remotely close. I've been dating boring guys. I will be complacent no more. Hopefully you don't have a problem with smokers. Or coffee addicts. Zzzzone 1! LONG SHOT BUT WHAT THE HELL LONG SHOT BUT WHAT THE HELL - 24 I am a full figured beautiful African girl, planning on settling down with a fun guy. Im looking for a hot young under 34 years British guy who is ready to settle down- meaning ready for a longterm relationship, and babies later. You have to be willing to relocate! Send me a pic and details, and we can take it from there! Hello hello Hello hello - 35 London Hello, I would love to meet a charming single male for talk to, and possibly hang out with. If you have most or all, even better: of the traits listed please reply: Outgoing, adventurous, active, enjoys outdoors, optimistic, And if you can hold an intellectual conversation and make me laugh I'll be even more impressed. If there is chemistry between us then let's hang out and meet. If not, then that's alright as well. Really searching for an educated, successful, male. Me: tall, model like, sexy, blond beauty. xxx London! ANY CHRISTIAN MEN OUT THERE? ANY CHRISTIAN MEN OUT THERE? - 18 London Dear reader I don't expect a relationship to come of this, but I would like to have a relationship. I'm looking for some male Christian friends. I'm optimistic, smart and loving. I enjoy needlecraft and art making in my spare time and I go camping when I can. Please don't ask for sex, write one line, write in text language or email me to pass judgments. I don't want to chat on the computer forever either, it will get to a point where I will want to see you face to face for real. Not to impose on you, just because I want a real group of friends, not an internet group of friends. London! jet lagged chat jet lagged chat - 41 tired and jet lagged and yet awake. Chat? Please do no tbother if you are a sex-crazed type, you will just waste your time... and mine! Mature successful businesswoman Mature successful businesswoman - 40 London If you are a successful mature educated and attractive man who is looking for an attractive and adventurous female - then drop me a line. London! someone nice by my side someone nice by my side - 22 london Hello. I am a sweet and sexy girl who is looking for some fun with a nice hot bloke. I want to have a good time with someone nice by my side. I like to go out but I also stay many nights at home. I like to cook and to have company. If you are interested just message me. london! chat fun perhaps meet chat fun perhaps meet - 23 anywhere i am russian student in uk. wanna chat know new guys. perhaps meet... i am open minded and i am beautifull : anywhere! Gorgeous Latina seeking a good boy friend Gorgeous Latina seeking a good boy friend - 24 Kingston HELLO MY NAME IS MELISSA THANKX FOR READING MY POST I'm latina Black hair brown eyes 5'3 I don't smoke Or do drug's I do drink in special occasion's And well I like :_____ I LIKE MUSIC SPORTS CARS HORSES PARTYING DANCING COOKING SWIMMING WALKING AT NIGHT ON THE BEACH GUNS A LIL BIT, MOVIES, ANIMALS, HELPING OTHER... FAMILY,FRIENDS SHOPPING TRAVELING AND VISITING PLACES AND OTHER THINGS... TELL ME ABOUT U :_______ Kingston! South Asian looking to receive oral South Asian looking to receive oral - 22 Fitzrovia NO ASIANSwhite only. Please don't litter my inbox! all ages ok. not a spam please be clean, safe and normal. please show a recent picture of yourself, not your dick! to help filter it out from the rest as I've had too many lazy, random and irrelevant replies!. You'll obviously get mine in return! If you can tell me about yourself that would be great as well. thanks Fitzrovia! Looking for Good Looking Wealthy Guy Looking for Good Looking Wealthy Guy - 38 Good looking, fit, sociable, happy humorous, sporty, blonde, size 8 5ft4 Well thats me would like the same in a guy but clearly taller not necessarily blonde lol Im not just looking for NSA would love to be wined and dined and spoilt by a nice guy for some good times together mail me with a pic lets chat x! marriage marriage - 55 kent london looking for a dark skinned man to date and with view to marry and enjoy a swinging life 40 years plus kent london! Complicated BBW Complicated BBW - 39 London Or is it? This is a repost as my life got a little hetic Ok I have tried using Craiglist's before and just got bored of the nonesense however I am back again because my criteria is different. I am extremely disallusioned with the dating scene at the moment, but also realised I'm lonely too, not desparate but I am missing some affection So looking for casual dating dates drinks some intimacy it if feels right. I miss kisses and cuddles. Strictly not into wham bam More about me black BBW late 30's single sassy sweet professional easy going, More about you... Single London based Mid 30's to late 40's sweet tall easy going... Don't mind about what your racial background is as long as you are genuine. Lets see if you guys actually read this post in full No scammers or Crazies. Tell me the name of your favorite chocolate bar and lastly I am unlikely to respond to email address that doesn't have a name, A few lines about yourself will be great no ping pong let's meet for a coffee and suss each other out. It would be nice to spend some of the xmas break being cosy with someone. Cheers xx London! Romantic curvaceous girl seeks similar Romantic curvaceous girl seeks similar - 22 South east Hello lovely craiglisters. I'm in a pickle - busy student life, career ambitions and a fast paced attitude but no time to seek out a date. I could do casual but it isn't me. I love getting to know people and forming a bond yet it doesn't have to be 100 serious. I like living life on the edge just can't help being a bit of a lover in the more conventional style. I could describe my looks, interests and passions but I would take up too many words. I'm a little different, adventurous and somewhat inquisitive. I'm happy to share anything through email so if you would like to know more feel free to reply. A picture will get my attention as like to know who I'm talking to. Whatever you feel comfortable with - I love reading waffle! So yeah! ; Thanks for reading. Xxx South east! Carismatic gentleman? Carismatic gentleman? - 36 London Looking for a gentleman, charismatic, tall, single, attractive i thought i don't care about looks, but why shouldn't I... I am brunette, voluptuous curvy 1214... 5. 7 nice smile, classy you... taller, stronger, a man London! Deep, passionate, mental physical attraction needed Deep, passionate, mental physical attraction needed - 24 NW LONDON I've recently come out of a long term relationship - im not into one night stands but I have needs and I want to meet someone who i connect with on a physical and mental level. When u meet guys when ur out in a clubbarrave 9 times out of 10 they are only interested in one thing so I'm hoping this post will find me exactly what Im looking for. I am not looking for a relationship, although there is nothing to say that it may not progress to a relationship, but at the moment all what I'm looking for is someone who i am physically mentally attracted to, purely for passion inside and outside the bedroom. Initially we will meet for a few drinks and if there is chemistry we will take it from there. Im 24 yo, white, brunette, take care of my appearance, work full time, independent, down to earth. I'm a deep thinker like to have interesting conversations with the right person, of course. You will find out a lot more when u message me. Please no weirdos or anyone looking for a one night stand only. Send me a pic and a little about you... NW LONDON! Anybody know what roleplaying is? I want to do it. Anybody know what roleplaying is? I want to do it. - 18 Enfield Looking for someone to roleplay text with, who is preferably good at it, hit me up. : IM ATTRACTIVE. Enfield! Any TALLmin6'2CHARISMATIC PROFESSIONAL WILL TAKE ME SOMEWHERE TODAY? Any TALLmin6'2CHARISMATIC PROFESSIONAL WILL TAKE ME SOMEWHERE TODAY? - 26 Central London Hi Guys! Please read before you reply. At first you have to be a guy from the title. Second - older than 34 please! Plus single, living by yourself. Now, I want you to send me a photooccupationheightwhere do you live. I do not expect falling in love or ending in bed the same night but you never know... - you can take me for a drink and we will se where it takes us. Just please be more confident than me, smarter than me, better than me. I like a man to be a Man. If you are a man then act like one. No shy guys, no young boys, no photo-collectors, scammers, spammers or idiots - please. P. S. It is for today. I am free most definitely all evening and night. But don't feel offended if I don't have a lot of time as I feel like I fancy more than a one date today : Oh, and something about me - attractive, tall, smart, confident, white, blond, outgoing. No photo - no response. Seriously. Central London! Only genuine guys, please Only genuine guys, please London Hi there I am easy-going and looking for a like-minded person. I love travelling and eating out and I can say I definitely prefer quality to quantity. A lovely glass of red cannot do any harm, either. I must admit here that I am equally happy lazying around at home on the sofa after a home-cooked meal after trying a new and exciting recipe. I work on projects in a fast-paced environment, which I enjoy a lot. Hopefully I am not that far away of becoming a project manager. I don't mind most kind of music, but definitely prefer R'n'B, latin and rock music. I like watching live gigs, it can give you a good buzz. If you feel you would be a good match for me and would like to get to know more, why not get in touch? x p. s. Only genuine guys, please, let's not waste each other's time. Cheers London! Some people call me the space cowboy Some people call me the space cowboy 22 years old, educated, funny, drinker, etc. Not sure what I'm looking for. Lets go with friendship. Can be a bit blunt- sometimes comes off as a bit bitchy. Don't hit me up if you're just trying to hook up. Not into that :- Do hit me up if you can handle a girl with a decent sense of humor. Your picture gets mine. ! I thought I will give a go and if it written in the stars it might hap I thought I will give a go and if it written in the stars it might hap - 44 all world,... Do know, where to start............ but all I know I can offer........ a lot more than I can...... I am single 44, not been married nor I have long relationship up to now.... Live in small country Southern Europe, live day to day life, work all boring... Just realise my life is passing and I am not getting enough... I have fairly good figure, on the toll side, just average look probably on the good side, educated... Obviously we need to start by communicating via email and either you travel to me or I travel to you, or we meet into neutral territory...... I thought I will give a go and if it written in the stars it might happened...... Well this is my first move and trust me...... Big step for me..... now your turn all world,... ! searching for my storyteller searching for my storyteller - 18 London town I am looking for someone to meet up for coffee and talk to for hours and not notice the time fly by. I want someone who will tell me interesting stories and I will be intrigued by them. I want us to go out and have the time of our lives doing the most mundane things. I want to feed ducks and cycle round London honking at the amazed tourists. I want us to eat dodgy kebabs and not regret it because we'll be laughing at eachother. I want us to just spend the night resting in eachothers arms and making the best of the present. I want to tell you my secrets and I don't want you to hate me for being who I am. I want you to accept that I will never be able to love you and this will never happen London town! Winter wonderland Winter wonderland - 27 Lets go to winter wonderland. It will be a great date, and would let you come back to mine to warm you up. I am free any night this week. Interested?! Young, black female Young, black female - 20 Hi I'm Talia, Young, curvy black female,just looking for someone to have a general chat with. Im at university and sometimes I just wanna have a rant about life or just have a nice chat! gets a bit lonely up here Anyone can chat, I suppose it would be better to chat to someone around my age but I'm not particularly fussed! You dont have to send me a pic but if you do ill send one back. I do prefer white guys but I'm not fussed once again : Im studying law and spanish so some help with that would be brilliant!!!! Hope to chat soon : xx Someone to snuggle up with Someone to snuggle up with - 18 London not looking for 'friends with benefits' or a 'one night stand' Just looking to date someone Go for a few drinks and see where it goes I'm black and a bbw Your racelooks are unimportant but please be around my age and it would be nice if you worked in the Bank area as that's where I work Craigslist is probably not the place to be looking but I thought it would be worth a shot Email me if this sounds interesting London! Trendy Dinner and Club companion Trendy Dinner and Club companion - 29 London I miss having someone accompany me to trendy clubs and restaurants. That's a vital aspect of a relationship where you have to agree on where to go and not just let's grab a drink! Let's exchange our love for new happening places around town. I am new to the city and I have always lives in major urban cities so I am yet to explore London completely. I lean towards upscale non chain restaurants hopefully you do too. This is a genuine advert! Don't flag! I only want to hear from men who are attractive, gainfully employed and understand what trendy means!! It's not the pub down the road. This is probably common sense but don't contact me if you're not SINGLE. I have no intentions of being pampered by married or attached dudes in return for sleazy fun. No thanks! London! Only now or never Only now or never - 23 london Beautiful AA girl seeking a ride to work from an AA on this rainy night. I have to be there at 9 pm... i live in ne and work about eighteen to twenty mins. away. Send APPROPRIATE pic. No pic no response. Thanks london! Used by a charming and attractive man Used by a charming and attractive man - 25 London I'm a slut with quite particular taste. I adore being used by charming, intelligent, and attractive men. By used, I don't mean you fuck me and don't call afterwards, plummeting me into a girlish cave of despair where I weep by my iPhone wondering what I did wrong... I want you to use my body for your satisfaction. Essentially, masturbate using me - touch me because it makes you hard, move me however you want to, order me to do what you need, think entirely of your enjoyment and not mine, you taking pleasure from using me will get me off anyway. Whether this is a one off, of you use my body on a regular basis really depends on preference and our chemistry. I enjoy the juxtaposition of engaging conversation over a drink, with entirely selfish sex designed to fulfil your urges. I'm attractive, I can hold my own in most conversations, don't take myself too seriously, and have very few hard limits where sex is concerned basically, you need to wear a condom, no scatwaterspouts, and no marks... Otherwise, just tell me what you want London! Man wanted Man wanted - 33 London Simple add, want have a baby need someone help me, Im 33 tubby single mixed race girl, not too sure what else to say, open minded as to boyfriend or just stay friends or NSA London! Classy and tall hunky black male for white girl Classy and tall hunky black male for white girl - 28 London Hey guys! Im attractive brunette, 28, E. European, self sufficient, good joker and really down to earth, currently single, If you are single, tall, handsome and classy black male with your life sorted pls attach a picture - apart from message and let's see how it goes. Age 28-34. I'm fussy but hope at lease 1 nice man will reply :- London! Chubby? Asian Chubby? Asian - 25 London Hi there! It's a weird title I know... and I'm not quite sure what exactly hoping to get out of it. Maybe just someone to hang out with, go for food, play video games, go to the movies, etc. with... So if you are chinese, indonesian, malay, nepali, taiwanese, etc. ,etc. British born or from abroad, either way I'd be happy to hear from you. I'm just an average white girl. Haha. Don't judge me... It's just what i fancy. xDD Random post feels creepy and random... London! prince of mine.. xxxx prince of mine.. xxxx - 24 london hello i am clarissa and i am searching for a man who can really accept me for who i am... i am an asian woman.. a single mom of one boy.. never been married... if you are interested just hit me up.. about the photo sorry but i don't want to put it here... just ask me and i will gladly give mine... thanks... london! Is that a rocket in your pocket or are you just pleased to see me... Is that a rocket in your pocket or are you just pleased to see me... - 41 London Attractive, intelligent lady looking for: An attractive, smart no tattoos, intelligent gentleman with a rocket in his pocket who's fuelled up to go on long, fun journeys of discovery. Please be a non-smoker. Age range 38 to mid 40's and looking for a regular connection. Single men only need respond. No services or spammers. London! Looking for an attractive alpha male to be my cuckold in a LTR Looking for an attractive alpha male to be my cuckold in a LTR - 30 London I was born to be a Hot Wife. I would love a normal, loving relationship where I'm being adored to the point that I can do whatever I want with other men... I'm very affectionate and sweet but I'm also a total tease and quite demanding! I'm a slightly alternative yet very normal 30yr old, living in Camden. Pretty and hot with a curvaceous size 16 body, blue eyes and dark brown hair. I like to think I'm fairly intelligent, confident and bright and understand the underlying psychology of cuckolding. It'd be a pleasure hearing from you and receiving a picture! Please put spades in the subject line before sending your reply! Thank you. London! Hello yet to be met loverfriendconfidant Hello yet to be met loverfriendconfidant - 45 London You are educated, worldly, broadminded and kind. Domineering streak in the bedroom - an added bonus... Me: all of the above apart from domineering bit plus lots of exciting contradictions. London! Seeking easy-going guy Seeking easy-going guy London Single. Black. Female. Slim. Attractive. No children. Non-smoker. Seeks male 38 - 52 years to share social events and activities... dining, concerts, reading, sports, cinema, weekend trips, long walks and stimulating conversation. Hoping for initial friendship leading to hopefully LTR. Prefer single man who is non-smoker, honest and genuine. London! seeking a HOT musician seeking a HOT musician - 24 westminster Greetings CL world. I realise this is a bit of a long shot but.. I love musicians. guitar players. drummers. etc I am looking for a hot musician to go on some dates with and hang out. Extra points if you're a song writer : PlS don't be married or really old... PLS include a pic and a bit about yourself trust I am an attractive educated creative female looking for a bit of fun xx westminster! hello there? hello there? - 30 not london I want a long distance relationship with handsome guy... Just send me your photo, then we'll see what happens? You can visit me here or i'll do it? Let's start first! not london! :Im a fun loving, bubbly fun person :Im a fun loving, bubbly fun person - 26 :Im a fun loving, bubbly fun person. I love having a good time and im a girly girl and love all my fashion labels and living the high life. Im open to face to face meetings or some fun flirty chats online. ! someone to be my boyfriend someone to be my boyfriend - 20 london Hi there: I'm not the prettiest girl out there but everybody says I am cute and I am very caring. I would like to share my time with someone nice. I'm pretty out going and spontaneous! I am looking for someone to be my boyfriend. I love music and dancing. If you want to know me email me. london! Ginger or Red head Ginger or Red head - 34 London Hello Any redheaded ginger guys out there looking to meet for a drink and perhaps something more and long term if the chemistry is right! I have always found strawberry blond redheaded guys extremely attractive and hot! I find myself staring at the ginger guys on the train, wishing I had my own Ginger waiting for me at home. I am 34, 5ft9 professional South African lady and looking to meet and see where things would lead to. Even friends is cool but my first preference would be to have my own ginger boyfriend and long term partner. Thanks London! Free Room Job For Ladies Only - m4w Free Room Job For Ladies Only - m4w - 44 London - Greenford A Job and a Home for a Female, The offer is a single room in my house and a part time or full time job with me paid Hi my name is Em if your reading this advert then you must have an open mind and ready for a change in your life. Or just need a positive start. In return you would be required to help with the house cleaning, and every now and then for us to spend quiet quality time together. I m a black man with no facial hairs 5ft 11 tall athletic build. For the right person we would need to talk and see each other before any thing happens. Look forward to hearing from the lucky lady. London - Greenford! Good Dog! Good Dog! London You have longed to hear the words good dog and I am in the mood to meet someone kinky and sweet natured who has genuine interest in THIS form of role play no general submissives,novices or curiosity seekers please only those with playful and pleasing nature will be taken seriously ------------------------------------------------------------------- Randy boys and those seeking for a walk on the wild side do not bother getting in touch with me, as you would be wasting my time and unsuitable note:puppy play has NOTHING to do with real animals and has NOTHING to do with sex Do take the time to tell me about you as a person polite introduction and also let me know how long you have been into puppy play and why you think I should consider you hopefully you have balanced life, reasonable intelligence, and a sense of humor Do not respond if you are under 40 ------------------------------------------------- only those with good mannersand genuine interest in puppy play will be taken seriously London! The consequences of 'confinement'... The consequences of 'confinement'... London Hello, I am hoping to find someone genuine by posting my issues with some of the other ads which seem to be common place in the world of internet dating. I am shocked to see some of the 'requirements' listed in other ads, as they are so specific. I know that the internet helps us find what we 'seek' but I am seeking someone a bit more interested on a person than an image in their head, or a sexual bucket list. I just hope my rants, spark the interest of another - who has a more open-mind when it comes to meeting new people, dating and relationships. Here are some of the common requests: Slim, thin, big booty, BBW, SSBBW... A specific ethnicity, age, build.. dom or sub. I know we all are attracted to different things, but why is everyone confined to an extremely specific type? This post is the counter-attack. I am from the land in-between... mixed european heritage, in my early 20's so neither a 'teen' nor a 'milf'... I am not slim, nor massively obese. Why does hair colour matter? I am a brunette, but doesn't mean I am dark or mysterious... or intelligent. Just because I don't dress classy, it does not mean I lack integrity or culture. It doesn't mean I lack sexiness. My personality isn't completely 'fixed' I am a human - although I could describe in a few vague words. Confine, confine confine yourself! That is all our dating rituals seem to do. If you agree with some of my ranty like points, we may get on. Conversation is where we find spark, not a pre-conceived image in our head. I do wish the more realistic craiglister - luck with their searches. The filtering of this can take some time. Before you laugh, cry or sulk.. I am a genuine woman looking for possible dates... at least you can see I have passion ; London! wanna get cosy in the evening? wanna get cosy in the evening? - 26 ilford Hello guys,i am a decent n nice gal.. looking for some good hot fun n get cosy with a nice genuine man.. i can accomodate and i ll need a man who ll nt hesitatte who help financially a bit. let me know ilford! Across the Atlantic Penpal Across the Atlantic Penpal - 21 Peyton, Colorado USA Hello. My name is Emily. I am looking for a penpal. I know that it can be considered old-fashioned. But I really want to meet someone from another country. Peyton, Colorado USA! Re: How to tell if a photo is fake Re: How to tell if a photo is fake - 99 Antarctica Some photos are obviously going to come up as being online as those people are posting their photosads elsewhere on the web, some people are ex models etc. Moron! Lol Antarctica! Christmas Dates And Maybe More? Christmas Dates And Maybe More? - 42 London Hi I'm finding the cold weather is making me want to find a nice guy to share some christmas cheer with and maybe keep me warm this festive period. I'm an attractive and classy lady who enjoys the odd glass of wine and interesting conversation with intelligent men. If you like what you hear then would be lovely to hear form youx ps I do like to date younger guys so that's a bonus if you are ; London! 18 year old BBW looking for a decent man 18 year old BBW looking for a decent man - 18 Surreylondon are there any out there? So my names Chloe and I am 18 years old. I am brunette, 5ft5 and a size 20-22 so i think that makes me a BBW. I am just looking for a nice man to meet for drinks, or dinner or just to have some fun. I am not looking for a one time thing, but something that can lead on into more. I am just looking for a nice guy, who loves to laugh and enjoys life. I normally go for older men, not sure why just enjoy their company alot more, so if your older and thinking i may be a little young for you, why not give it a try, I promise i am mature for my age. So if you think we will get on, why not drop me an email chloe xx Surreylondon! Bearded gentleman with victorian values Bearded gentleman with victorian values central and north london Having posted in the past, I think I may have given the wrong impression of the specific man I am looking for. I will, however, keep it short and sweet. Me: -Female, 30 something, size 1618 -Generally awesome but quite self deprecating -Jaded in quite a fashionable kind of way -Smiths obsessed You: -Male, over 32 -With an impressive taste in music, specially 80's british pop -Creative types preferred. Vegetarian extra points. -Over 5 foot seven inches -Smart in the ways of the world, compassionate and yet authoritative, wishing to take a willing and impressionable girl like me under his wing -Tattoos also are a bonus -Bearded: this is non negotiable. I love beards. I mean full on beautiful beards. -Short hair. And I dont mean lack of hair by that. I mean short on sides, long on top. This is, also, non negotiable. you pic gets mine. central and north london! WANT TO MARRY AND START A FAMILY? WANT TO MARRY AND START A FAMILY? - 18 London Loving, witty and caring young lady needs a young man to marry and love. You must be - 18 - 36 - Patient and caring - Sensible and sane - respectful and respectable serious replies only please London! mature dark skin man 4 marriage mature dark skin man 4 marriage - 55 kent london roses are red violets are blue if u r a mature dark skin man i cant wait to see you xxx fun and games are my middle name but gents marriage only is on the cards kent london! looking for a decent guy looking for a decent guy - 24 London I am 24 years old an i am a fun and bubbly girl looking for a decent guy. I like going out and having a few drinks on the weekends and i don't mind the quite weekend in. I am so sick of all the doosh bags out there. Please do not send me any nude selfies or shirtless photos that dosh bag and i will not reply London! hey there? hey there? - 31 LlLl 31 years old brunette girl wants to have chat with u. I am not interested with anyone older than 40 pls. And im not in london now fyi: LlLl! NSA fun needed NSA fun needed - 23 London 23 year old blonde girl just looking for a bit of relaxed fun. Recently split with my boyfriend and am enjoying the single life, but missing the physical side of things Just wondering if there is anyone in a similar position who fancies a bit of relaxed discreet fun. Looking to hear from anyone nice and friendly, but especially like darker guys indian, pakistani, black, mixed, latino, etc, etc, just like the contrast with my pale skin Send me a bit about yourself and a pic, and hopefully we can chat soon London! The End is Nigh? The End is Nigh? - 35 London According to ancient Mayan prophecies, the world is going to end. Next Friday to be exact, which gives us 7 whole days to do something. However, the world might not end, and that could be decidedly far more exciting as then we could see where things go. So, just in case this is the scenario we find ourselves in, please be interesting, intelligent, attractive, sexy and ever so slightly leftfield. London! seeking offers - w4m seeking offers - w4m - 18 Surbiton Hello, 17 yr old bubbly student looking for offers of fun or wild fun times, open minded to anything. Surbiton! Seeking Well Endowed Man - 9 Inches - w4m Seeking Well Endowed Man - 9 Inches - w4m - 23 Victoria Evening boys - 100 Genuine Post Here As per title says, I'm looking toot my horns with a well-endowed man, 9 inches Guys smaller than this need not apply, I'm looking for the pierre de resistance. Me: Mixed - FrenchSwedish, Attractive, slim, athletic body - gym trained, 5ft 6, hazel eyes, long brunette hair. I'm very articulate and able to hold a fruitful conversation. You: Attractive, athletic build, non-smoker, taller than me, be able to hold a conversation. I will only respond to those who have included a picture of their FACE and COCK. I'll reiterate that once more, FACE and COCK otherwise I won't respond. If I'm interested you'll receive a set of photos from me. If we happen to like each other, we'll meet at a bar and take things from there. I don't want to be pestered by disingenuous, stupid men. Please be able to construct a sentence when messaging me otherwise I'll think you're illiterate. Victoria! So what is a charming, clever, good looking guy like you doing here? So what is a charming, clever, good looking guy like you doing here? Perhaps you have come to meet the smart, gorgeous and delicious me! A few lines and a photo would be a good start. ! Black girl looking for an attractive guy who's into History Black girl looking for an attractive guy who's into History - 18 I'm looking for someone who's interested in going to watch Horrible Histories live with an orchestra, with me. Sometime between the 16th to the 21st of december, or if you'd prefer to go later. I am currently a History student and have been a great lover of the subject, from quite a young age. Though, my friends are not as ecstatic or interested to go with me. I haven't yet had the pleasure of meeting a guy who is somewhat of a History fanatic, as myself, but would like towhich is exactly why I am posting this on Craigslist. I've been told that I am attractive. However, I am not just a pretty face, with a hot body. I also have a great sense of humour and the personality that accompanys it. It'd be good to get to know each other first. If there's a chance we may not even end up going to the show, I'd be pretty content with going to the museum. I'm open to all races and age is not much of a big deal. ! Black, American, moving to London Black, American, moving to London London looking for love. moving to London soon. educated, no children, business owner. i wear my hair short, because I CAN!!! : London! want someone to take care of me and i them want someone to take care of me and i them - 19 london i want a genuine honest guy to treat me the way a woman should be treated i dont want to worry about money or debts or if you'll be there for me when i need you.. im a passionate caring loving person who has had enough of being treated like crap and taken for a ride.. i am sensual artistic intimate and will devout myself to you in every way. hope to hear from you xxx london! CHRISTMAS TOGETHER?? - w4m CHRISTMAS TOGETHER?? - w4m - 25 London I will be by myself this Christmas. If you too - lets maybe spend it together? Either traditionally and in an old-fashioned way or lying in bed drinking wine or maybe take me to a nice place for this time of the year? I am 25, 5'10, brunette, white, attractive, outgoing, intelligent and sexy : Sorry - no photo and details about you occupationplans for Xmasheightwhere do you live - no response!! London! Black female wltm white boyfriend. Black female wltm white boyfriend. - 24 London Hey guys, I'm a black female looking for a white man for a relationship, and we'll see where that leads. About me: I'm 24, size 20 so you must love your bbw women, 5'5, a couple of tats, black hair, brown eyes, not the best looking girl I'd say my looks are about average, I will send pics to guys who I believe are serious. I have been single for a while now, no kids or baggage. I drink and smoke not excessively. About you: White male, single duh!, between 25-40, I love tall men, would be nice if you had some tattoos mon Dieu, they're sexy, I would prefer if you didn't have any children as I hate baby mama drama. Would be nice if I could get a pic or two. You'd get one in return. I'm not asking for much right? Thanks for reading. Hope to hear from someone. London! Divine Lover of Woman Divine Lover of Woman - 45 SE If you know this song by Peruquois and really get it, we should talk. Extraordinary woman is seeking her match. Love and gratitude. Put divine in the header of your post to ensure reply x lt;3 x No submissives please. I seek union not power. Beyond that, who knows... SE! Perfect Girl looking 4 her Perfect Man Perfect Girl looking 4 her Perfect Man - 32 London I look young for my age, I'm sexy, short, cute, funny, can hold a decent conversation, cook etc. I have great body, dark hair, green eyes and a cheeky smile. No children as yet... Can be the perfect gf for the right guy. You have to have something I find sexy about you... I'm looking for a spark and butterflies in my stomach from my Mr Sexy x tnx for reading x London! Big Black Girl seeks Friend With Benefits Big Black Girl seeks Friend With Benefits - 29 London Hi, I'm a curvaceous, voluptuous, buxom, attractive, sexy, flirty and fun big black woman looking for what I'd call a friend with benefits NOT a fuck buddy. The difference being I'd like to meet someone I can see a movie with, grab a few drinks with, have a night out with and actually call a mate, as opposed to someone whose house I show up to around midnight, we fuck and I leave. I've had that set up before and it wasn't for me, I prefer something a little more personal. However, saying that I'm not the jealous type and would hope you aren't either and this doesn't have to be a regular meet, we can do it sporadicallyas and when it suits, it's not a relationship. I know I'm an acquired taste and that overweight black girls aren't exactly flavour of the month, but I do find myself more attracted to white men and mixed race men in their 20s and 30s. I have plenty of pictures which I'm happy to exchange and it'd be great if we could chat a little first text, emails, skype or whatever and then meet for a 'get to know you' type drink before we commit ourselves to anything. More than happy to keep this going long term, as I hate not knowing where my next shag is coming from - I get horny like everybody else! If you're interested, get back to me and let's talk. PLEASE attach a face picture to your email, as if there's no physical attraction between us it's not gonna work. Yours will of course, get mine. FYI: The women in the pictures are not me, the first one is obviously Jill Scott and they are all clearly! different women. It's just my way of appealing to the visual-ness of men and saying see now big black women ARE hot, right!. I do have real pictures and I will send them to you, but in case my boss is reading this ha! I'm understandably being careful. London! Girl seeks Boy Girl seeks Boy - 39 London Single. Black. Female. Slim. Attractive. No children. Non-smoker. Likes.. restaurants, concerts, reading, sports, cinema, weekend trips, long walks and stimulating conversation. Seeking male over 40 years for initial friendship leading to hopefully LTR Prefer single man who is non-smoker, honest and genuine. London! English gentleman? English gentleman? - 23 London I am a student, currently doing bar at law. I am looking for an English man, preferably who speaks posh English lol n with decent manner. Only friendship, who loves roaming around, take me to pubs n meet over coffee or dinner n make me familiar with English culture. Please someone who has genuine interest in making Asian friends. Age: 24 to 30. London! Drinks tonight? Drinks tonight? - 27 London At a lose end tonight, any hot city guys free by any chance? I'm proffessional slim, petite, 5'6, dark hair pretty, happy to swap pics! London! Xmas alone? 10 days.. to go Xmas alone? 10 days.. to go - 36 London i have no plans and no family here, i am not in the mood to fly home, anyone else liek that? Am single, attractive, 36, am a little bit scared to be alone, but have done that before... wished i had a bf before xmas... but not to lucky this year London! Into Light Skin guys Into Light Skin guys - 18 london what happened to honesty, morals values?? I went sky diving I am sick of dating douchebags. I want the guy that often gets stuck in the friend zone, because he's just too nice. I want a guy that likes to cuddle and kiss, and loves geeky things like video games and comic books. I want someone not afraid of commitment. Someone who lives reasonably close to chapel hill. I usually gravitate towards hispanic or asian guys, but I am willing to consider others. I am looking for a MONOGAMOUS relationship! No hook ups, no just friends, no FWB! london! Looking for a Pakistani Friend Looking for a Pakistani Friend - 36 Central London Hi I am a British born Pakistani female and I work in the city. I would like to meet a single musilm Pakistani male for friendship. I would like you to be 36 or above, single, non smoking and living in West London, South London or North London NOT East London, sorry. I am single, slim, 5'6 with long dark hair. I am friendly, fun, kind, cultured and quite religious. I don't smoke or drink and I enjoy the cinema, music, museums, restaurants and art galleries. Thanks Central London! Real romance and love Real romance and love - 25 london Hello Im 25. White brown eyes black hair. I have tattoos and piercings I like to have fun. I drink, I smoke. Looking for somebody to hang out with.. see where things go. I'm looking for a sexy white boy to settle down with. Ages 25-30. Ask me anything you wanna know. Please send a pic london! Female seeks Male email this posting to a friend london craigslist gt; personals gt; women seeking men Female seeks Male - 26 london Single. Black. Female. Slim. Attractive. No children. Non-smoker. Likes.. restaurants, concerts, reading, sports, cinema, weekend trips, long walks and stimulating conversation. Seeking male over 40 years for initial friendship leading to hopefully LTR Prefer single man who is non-smoker, honest and genuine. london! Looking for a longer term relationship Looking for a longer term relationship - 59 South West London Are you a man over 54 thirty and forty somethings won't get a response, taller than five foot nine, not more than a stone overweight, owner of good sense of humour, able to spell and bother to punctuate, willing to send a photo, not looking for a casual encounter or immediate sex, not a gym bunny but reasonably fit, something interesting to say, active, looking for a mutually enjoyable relationship including banter and laughter. If you are, feel free to get in touch South West London! Looking for marriage Looking for marriage - 40 africa Hi I am a black female,currently living in Africa,although working with a humanitarian organisation based in America. I am well travelled and have done so mainly for work,i have been to London several times,as i have family there. I have also travelled a vast amount in America. Am single and looking for a man who is looking for a wife,i do not have any children,i look much younger than my ageyes black don't crack ;- and am looking for a caucasian male. Do get in touch. ONLY GENUINE GUYS NEED CONTACT ME PLEASE. africa! cute and charming cute and charming - 25 london Hello. I'm looking for some fun with someone cute and charming. I am just trying to find an awesome cool guy. I need company to go to walk in the park, or just chill out. My home is cozy and I cook great. If we click you can stay over. I am a sweet, down to earth girl. Send me a mail if you like. london! BBW seeks BHM BBW seeks BHM Here goes! There's nothing I find sexier than a BHM or a big rugby guy. It's incredibly sexy. I'm a black BBW. Big boobs pretty stunningly hilarious! If you fit the discription get in touch! If you don't still get in touch!! Travel Partner for the NYE Travel Partner for the NYE The World I'm stuck in London and would like to be somewhere warm for the NYE. If you're travelling alone and looking to meet someone new and celebrate NYE together, why not reply and see if we click? Please reply with your photo and destinantion of your travel and dates. Look forward hearing from you soon. The World! Live-in Lovers?? Live-in Lovers?? - 25 london Recently seperated and my abusive ex has possession,of all of items. Im without housing and need a trustwirthy single guy or couple who has the extra space an wiuld like to spice up their life as well to allow me to cook, clean, run errands, or adult fun.. plz respond with angel in sbjct. london! sekin true love sekin true love - 18 london Hey I'm lookin for real love with a young black guy 18-25 I'm single white 5'4 green fat asz ; nice body if u wanna no more and see a pic hmu please send me a pic I won't reply without a pic sry much love nicole london! Genuine girl for guys Genuine girl for guys - 19 Tooting Hey, My name is Lou, I'm 19 and I am in south London looking for genuine guys to get to know... drop me a line Lou x Tooting! Looking for friendly man Looking for friendly man - 22 london Hey, My names Keeley. I just got out of a bad relationship, so im looking for a great guy to have some fun with. This is my first time on Craigslist sooo im not sure how this is going to work out. Im 22 years old and love to have fun. im looking for a mature guy around my age to hangout with and maybe more : Cant wait to hear from you!!! london! Angel looking for a Sweetheart Angel looking for a Sweetheart - 29 london Im a nice girl looking for a genuine sweetheart to spend time with, hang out with and take it from there. Im 5 ft, 140 lbs curvy im pretty and have pics to prove it : I enjoy Karaoke, bowling, going to the movies, Dining out or in, playing pool, skating and a couple of other fun things... I dont drink or smoke and prefer that you dont either. I'm kind of old fashioned when it comes to dating, I'm very much a lady but im also open to fun and excitement depending on how the flow is going. Please send pics along with your response. london! Looking for a meet up Looking for a meet up Central London Only respond if interested in a meet up in Central London in a couple of hours. Age, a little about you and a picture required for a response. Central London! SEEKING MARRIAGE SEEKING MARRIAGE - 33 LONDON Single young woman looking for a mature man for marriageAm Black british Only contact me if this is what you seek, i stand at 5'6 tall very slim and elegant. I need someone mature who can be my mentor,friend and partner,he should like travel and good food and wine like i do : He can be of any nationality but i do prefer white If you are already married please do not contact me,thank you. LONDON! 34J 34J - 26 North London Hello to all, Now this is a long shot but thought I would give it a go! From the title of my posting I am hoping that there are some men out there who immediately know what it is referring to! If you do, then you are just the man that I am looking for. If you don't then let me educated you! 34J is my bust measurements. So it's safe to say I am very well endowed in that area. So I am looking for a guy who finds that sort or thing attractive and is happy to date see themselves with on a long term basis, a women such as me. A little more about me... physically I am 5'2, brown eyes, shoulder length black hair, a curvy build size 14 overall except for the top naturally! Button up shirts are an endless problem!!! I have a decent sized shapely bottom and thighs. Not extra thick... but certainly there! I workout with squats and lift weights so trying to keep everything stacked so to speak!! I am easy going, witty, fairly smart and just generally a down to earth, low maintenance kinda gal! So hopefully you will be the same. On a side note... I am very much attracted to white guys just a preference so would love to hear from you all if you find black women attractive. I feel I should say at this point that I'm not looking for a freakykinky type thing. Or to fill a mans deep desire to be with a black women blah blah blah!!! I'm just hoping to meetget involved with a lovely man! Too much to ask?! So do get back to me. Emails with well thought out words telling me a bit about yourself I fnd txt spk rly annoyin! and even a photo will get a prompt reply. Cheerio for now! North London! 5'11 tall, size 14 white girl seeking a man to buy me a drink this eve 5'11 tall, size 14 white girl seeking a man to buy me a drink this eve - 27 Central London Simple - I'm free this eve. Send a photoageoccupation and where will you take me for a start. no photo - no response as the evening is coming and there is no time to waste : xx min30 yo max 60 please xx Central London! Don't like the cold Don't like the cold Looking for someone who doesn't take themselves too seriously. And is up for a laugh. But can only hold their own and be serious when the situation requests it. So if this sounds like you give me a shout. ! Well Educated, Smart, Safe and Fun!! Well Educated, Smart, Safe and Fun!! - 28 london - Congratulations, you are one of the select few who are reading this!! Just kidding. In great shape and take care of myself, but not looking for just great shape guys - Be normal and happy. Enjoy an intelligent conversation and that means someone who can talk about real matters with some knowledge of what is discussed. I like to be active and I like to take it easy. Work hardplay hard. I like to go out, but not a club guy. Honest and up front, not into games. Great sense of humor and very funny, enjoyable to be around. Please respond with something about yourself, interests, stats and a photo in the FIRST email or be deleted. I am looking for safe mutual fun, 100 clean Hiv negative you be too. london! Any American Guys Looking for a British Girlfriend? Any American Guys Looking for a British Girlfriend? - 19 UK USA I'm looking for a sweet American male who is A looking to move to the UK or B wants to stay in the USA, and is interested in having a long-term relationship with a smart, beautiful English girl leading to marriage. We can meet in person after getting to know each other via email and Skype, and after spending a year or two together we'll get married. I want a relationship filled with excitement, romance and travel before we settle down together. I want to move to the United States, so if you want to get married and stay where you are that's even better, but if you're looking to move to the UK that's fine too. Any questions please ask. I'm 19, single, never married, no kids, white, a British citizen, Spanish-Irish, long dark hair, curvy, beautiful, intelligent and kind. Please be single, childless, similar age around 19-25 and a male American citizen. All races body types belief systems welcome. Please put the name of the American state you live in as the subject line of the email so I know your message isn't spam. Serious responses only. Your picture gets mine. I look forward to hearing from you! Love, Erica UK USA! Naughty Breasts Naughty Breasts - 39 London Looking for a tall meaty and delicious man whose head is not made of spam. I have time this week to dine if your dish is fine. Enclose a picture of yourself or you'll be left on the shelf. London! Black Bbw looking for friends first Black Bbw looking for friends first - 29 london I am a 29 year old black female. I'm single, no kids, with my head on straight, I'm not crazy or a stalker so I would ask the same from you as well lol. I am a bbw, so if you are not into bbw's, then I am not what you are looking for. Just looking for friends and to possibly see where that goes, IF there is something there. I dont believe in trying to make something out of nothing, so it would have to be mutual feelings. I am NOT looking for a one night stand as well. Would prefer you to be 27 and race is not an issue. Looking to get to really know a person and them know me as well. If interested, send me a email with friends first in the subject line, so I will know you are real. Thanks! london! Mr. right... Make me perfect Mr. right... Make me perfect - 24 london Im single, no kids, live alone and work looking for an attractive male who s down to earth funny, single who can dress smell good and knows what he wants aand know how to treat a woman like a queen someone thats not a player and looking... To be with 1 woman when responding please reply with a picture thanks... london! Are you attracted to slim black girls? Are you attracted to slim black girls? London My Basic description: I'm slim, reasonably attractive, around a size 8-10, 5. 8 tall, genuine, GSOH, caring, perceptive and just an overall 'nice girl'. Are you about 5. 8 minimum tall sane, consider yourself fit, reasonably attractive and intelligent, genuine and attracted to slim black girls? Then why wait to get in touch, I look forward to hearing back from you. Although I am attracted to white guys, I remain open-minded regarding colour and race. Assuming you'd like to reply and why wouldn't you... lol, please respond with PHOTO - I will do the same. X London! looking 4 nice man of love looking 4 nice man of love - 25 City of london Hi! I am looking for a long-term relationship. I think appreciation,communication and similar interests are very important in a relationship. Call me old-fashioned, but too many relationships these days are reduced to texts and emails. City of london! seeking a good guy seeking a good guy - 28 Borehamwood, United Kingdom Hey!I am here hopefully looking for the same thing you are, companionship and hopefully a life partner. I am 23 years old and very content with where I am at in life. I live alone, have a full time job, and a car. I have dark brown hair and hazel eyes. I'm 5'3, thick, and very pretty. you will never know, unless you take the chance Borehamwood, United Kingdom! wanna expending time with nice woman?... wanna expending time with nice woman?... - 27 Dartford, UK I'm dressing up as little red riding hood this year for halloween,I'm 5'10, brunette, blue eyes. I love football and going out and having a good time. I like drinking beer, uggs and cheap sunglasses. email me if you want to get to know me a little better : Dartford, UK! Blonde girl for white male Blonde girl for white male - 25 London s if you are from 23-35 we can have chat.. what you need to do tell about your self.. im slim 25 years old blonde girl.. see you soon.. London! Decent Guy Anywhere? Decent Guy Anywhere? - 18 London Names Lauren : im single. amazing right? Looking for a decent guy i can get to know, and maybe become more on the way. i am a very laid back person, very chilled, i love going out, i can be loud but very fun i get on with absolutely everyone, im nice like that : NO COUPLES! Would prefer if you was 18-21 : Dont care what you look like but if your interested id appreciate so photos of yourself : Much Love!xx London! Part-Time Lover.. ? Part-Time Lover.. ? - 26 London Strangers by day, lovers by night? I am only 26 and not looking to settle down in the near future. A part-time relationship idea sounds nice, never tried or done this before. No fuss and no strings attached. No age limit but strictly over 26. London! looking for big cock looking for big cock we are a couple, we are seeking a big cock to play. my partner black girl, big tits, wants to be fucked while i watch, so we are looking for the right guy. P. S. : probably you have seen another ad like this one, DO NOT ANSWER to the other you have seen cause we are having a problems with the email. this one is the good one. if you have a big cock n want to fuck a nice n hot black girl let us know. the day is next saturday. ! In search of a nice guy. In search of a nice guy. - 27 london Looking for a nice guy to meet for some drinks to see how it goes... hopefully something long term. please dont reply if your after casual fun. Thanks london! Lets play us!! Lets play us!! - 23 Waterloo I am currently seeking boy friend I'm not speaking just of sex, I'm talking about somebody who enjoys play with me Waterloo! Girl, Interrupted Girl, Interrupted - 28 London I am Girl, Interrupted... I am a black version of Winona Ryder... and maybe a bit of Angelina too... the characters they play of course... if you have not seen the movie Girl, Interrupted then you won't understand where I am coming from... so... only guys who have seen the movie please because... I am a handful... and I need a strong guy to hold me down in times of trouble. Me... well, I am cute, crazy, classy and caring... all the C's. I am into all types of music... well there is like a million songs to each genre... I am going to like at least one right... ??? I am a massive fan of Stephen King and I am all about learning... I make it my point to say I have learned something today every day... which brings me to the kind of guy I want... I want a guy who is open-minded, funny, caring and most of all, interesting with interesting facts. I want a guy who can teach me things and loves to learn... so I guess a nerdy kind of guy would do... who is at least 5'10... I am 5'7 and i love heels so I reach 5'11 most days... I would also like to stress that I am looking for a serious relationship... and friendship isn't so bad. I am ready to be with someone and be their only one and in return be their only one... and I don't believe in sex on the first, second or 8th date... I'm looking for something deeper and one night stands are too shallow... So if you likey and would like to get in touch... please send me a photo and details about yourself and I will return the favour... ; x RiRi x Also my ideal first date would be in a haunted hotel... I am on the ghost hunt at the moment... darn things are hard to catch London! A bit of Filth, and holding hands A bit of Filth, and holding hands - 27 London I like rough sex. I like being made to scream. I like being taken control of. But I also like holding hands, and maybe finding someone that wants the same. There must be a spark between us, an attraction. You must be open to the idea of a relationship forming. Aged between 25-35, NO OLDER. I like science, art, photography, culture, acting impulsively, going out drinking or staying in. Being able to have fun is important. x London! fun spontainouse with a lonly heart fun spontainouse with a lonly heart - 22 london Hi I'm feeling lonely. I've no one to give my love to lol. I really should have gone for that dance class with my friends tonight! About me: I'm quit fun, spontaneous, quirky, classy, and always seeking and adventure. I'm always smiling and tend to be quit positive. I'm the sweet kinda girl. I've a soft heart and am quit deep and meaningful. Love creativity and open mindedness. Love shopping travel, dinner, lazing around and something extraordinary to do. I'm also 5'9 slim black and very attractive. I'd like to meet a genoese, kind hearted man who knows how to lead is open minded and likes to listen and talk and of course likes to instigate the above activity or be around it! Get in contact with a bit about yourself Thanks london! I want to enjoy an encounter I want to enjoy an encounter - 24 london I'd like to give this craigslist thing a try... Seeking some one to have a one night encounter with which ends in sex. Call me london! Angel looking for a Sweetheart Angel looking for a Sweetheart - 29 london Im a nice girl looking for a genuine sweetheart to spend time with, hang out with and take it from there. Im 5 ft, 140 lbs curvy im pretty and have pics to prove it : I enjoy Karaoke, bowling, going to the movies, Dining out or in, playing pool, skating and a couple of other fun things... I dont drink or smoke and prefer that you dont either. I'm kind of old fashioned when it comes to dating, I'm very much a lady but im also open to fun and excitement depending on how the flow is going. Please send pics along with your response. london! Asian Cutie Asian Cutie - 29 london I'm looking for a long term serious relationship with a good guy. I'm easygoing and laid back and sweet. I'm family oriented but I don't want kids. I have never have wanted children. So if you are looking for something long term and not wanting kids send a reply and we can exchange pictures. london! drinks? drinks? - 22 Let's go for drinks on Friday. I'm funny, down to earth and I worked a busy week and just want to meet someone new and have a few drinks. I'm a sbf, beautiful with a great smile ;- send a pic and a few lines about yourself! Hope to hear from you soon :! sweet and fun girl ltr sweet and fun girl ltr - 3 london Hello my name is Christine, and I am looking for long term relationship, anyone out there seeking the same thing in life? If you are interested in getting to know me better, I am very sweet and fun to get to know, please no games and no lies, only serious to email me, put your favorite color in the add when you email me back, so I know you are not a bot. london! Looking for a creative, easy going, nice guy between 23-27 Looking for a creative, easy going, nice guy between 23-27 - 22 London Hello there, I am a 22 year old woman living, working and studying in London. I am looking to meet a nice, funny, easy going guy preferably artistic, between the height of 5'10 to 6'3 with dark features such as dark hair, eyes and olive skin. A bit about myself I enjoy reading, dancing and listening to music I have other hobbies too but I can't be bothered to list them all. I am petite with brown hair and eyes and a little bit nerdy. I am looking for someone into art and music all kinds of music I listen everything from Metal to Jazz and love 60's soul music. Would be nice to go to a gig or a gallery If you and match what I am looking for then please reply with the heading Hello London Girl and a picture of your face so we can get to know each other. DO NOT REPLY IF: 1. Your going to send indecent pictures of yourself I do not want that rubbish filling up my inbox 2. Looking for a fling or anything of that sort 3. Or if your already in a relationship London! Looking for my prince Looking for my prince - 22 Davao city, Philippines Hey! Cyndi here... I am a friendly lass who is so passionate when it comes to music and arts. My hobbies are singing, listening to music, watching movies, internet surfing and drawing. I am currently working as an English Teacher. I just graduated in 2011 with a course of International Studies. Joining this site is kinda weird for me since I'm not used to obviously posting an ad looking for a guy for myself. My sister forced me to try looking for a man here who's different from other guys who are just aftering sexual pleasures. I really don't like that, sorry. I ended up joining this site maybe because I want to try being in a relationship since I haven't got any boyfriends ever since. It's hard to believe maybe, but it's the truth. I've been so busy fulfilling my studies and now my job that is why I didn't have the chance to really go on an official date. If you're just interested in me for a short-term relationship, sorry I'm not up to that. Davao city, Philippines! City Gentleman City Gentleman - 30 London Hi, I'm a 30 year old professional female,nice curvy in all the right places. I like to shop, cook, go to bars and restaurants im just a social butterfly. I'm very easy going, have a very good sense of humour I'm big on taking opportunities; making things happen, really living life, work to live not the other way round. I like honesty in a male be it good or bad I do appreciate honesty. I like a man to speak, hate silence. Not just about general matters but about aims and goals things that are important to him. I like to debate, intellectualize about politics, social issues etc. I'm looking for a City Gentleman Who is ambitious, professonally employed, most definitely single, no kids, non smoker, athletic, over 5'10 in height. Who's honest, open and not into game playing. Between ages 29-35, articulate and has a really good sense of humour, likes comedy clubs and a good glass of wine, for dates and possibly romance So if there is anyone out there who likes what they have read then reply back with a face photo and one will be returned and Not looking for email tennis so a detailed reply from serious men only would be great. Thanks for reading and hope to hear from you soon. PLEASE DON'T REPLY IF YOU DO NOT LIVE IN LONDON OR YOUR LOOKING FOR NSA! London! Half caucasian half latina model alone this Xmas... Half caucasian half latina model alone this Xmas... - 24 central London I will not be going back to see family this Xmas I would like to meet a nice guy to spend this time in a mutually beneficial way ; Please get back to me with a little info about yourself, a pic would be much appreciated! central London! Any nice tall guy near Bank now?? drink before heading back home? Any nice tall guy near Bank now?? drink before heading back home? - 27 Bank area send me a photo a little description and lets go xx I'm attractive and lovely : Bank area! Genuine Ebony Lady Genuine Ebony Lady - 26 Stratford Hello I am based the East side of London 26 yrs old also in great shape love excersing and keeping healthy. I currently work in the city and would like to meet sane,educated male friends not for sex!!!!!!!!. I attend alot of fashion or business related events,launches etc to socialise Please send a picture and some infor No time wasters or people looking for sex C xxx Stratford! In london for Christmas In london for Christmas - 20 London Hi I'm in London for Christmas from hong kong staying with my family but want to get out and see the city and have someone to show me around and maybe go for a drink and a meal would be nice, Sally Wong x London! Subslave vacancy Subslave vacancy - 25 zone 2 I am not looking for married men and my requirements are very STRICT especially age and location, If you are not what I want or fail to include a picture you will be ignored. New to living in London currently studying and working, very stressful I need an obedient slave to let off some steam with. You should be White, UNDER 40 years old but preferable in your early 30s, you should be able to accommodate living in centralsouth London. You should be intelligent, professional and well presented, and subscribe to the bdsm lifestyle. I am in my early 20s, black British, educated and very serious. Send me your application with a picture and some information about yourself. zone 2! sweet and sexy sweet and sexy - 20 london I am sweet and sexy with a curvy body and I'm pretty out going and spontaneous. I would love to have some one nice by my side with whom I can chat and spend my evenings. If you're interested, mail me back. london! Looking for a serious relationship in view of marriage Looking for a serious relationship in view of marriage - 31 Dhaka, Bangladesh Hello, I really don't know how to put this as I have never done this before. This is my first time on Craigslist so I just thought to give it shot. I am genuine a decent Bengali girl from Bangladesh looking for a serious relationship in view of marriage. I am from Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh and I live with my family. I don't know if you would be interested in me as I am living in Bangladesh but I thought to drop a line here in case you never know! I am 31 years old and a Masters Degree holder in Fine Arts. I am interested in Arts, music, movies, cultures, museums and exhibitions, photography, dining out, travelling. I am very romantic, kind, sensitive, generous, compromising and trustworthy. I am Muslim but I am not conservative and very much westernized. I would like to know a like minded decent man who is serious about love and marriage and not a time waster. After exchanging a few emails I would like to talk to you on Skype and take it from there. I am not looking for a long distant relationship but initially It has to be as I don't live in UK. I have my friends in the UK so it's not a problem for me to travel there and you can always come to meet me in Dhaka. Kind Regards, Dhaka, Bangladesh! Open for anything really Open for anything really - 24 london Hi guys I'm very outgoing girl. I love to go out and have some fun. I love meeting new friends. I'm open for anything that will happen. london! ENGLiSH LADY SEEK's Out of Tow GENTLEMAN ENGLiSH LADY SEEK's Out of Tow GENTLEMAN - 38 London Central English Lady seeks Out of Town Gentleman Hi Thank You for viewing my Ad. I'm An English Lady Age 39 Long Blonde Hair, Medium Height n Figure Looking to meet a Gentleman Biz Traveller who is planning to b in London for a Nite or Few London Central! Got some sexy plans tonight? Got some sexy plans tonight? - 23 london I'd like to consider myself easy to get along with. I have a great sense of humor, am intelligent, caring, considerate. I don't need a boyfriend. Sex will do fine for now. Pic for pic first? london! Do normal men use this site?!?!? Do normal men use this site?!?!? London Tall black, educated,woman for VERY TALL, educated Single man,29-36yrs. Send pic with response. London! Single lady Single lady - 34 West london I am looking for a boyfriend, to have a great time together. Please send me your picture and your description West london! Quick drink after work? Quick drink after work? - 27 Oxford street Busty attractive black lady Seeks sweet natured intelligent Older white male tonight. To treat me to a classy cocktail? Or glass of something Fizzy? This Evening - Oxford street area. Just a drink or two Nothing more expected from you Would be nice to strike up friendship That may last beyond 2012. City Worker type preferred. I like a man in a suit :- Please attach a photo with your reply If you cannot make tonight Please dont waste your time replying Thanks x Oxford street! serious relationship serious relationship - 26 London I'm 26 years old, professional in Advertising, friendly, good-listening, easy-going, reliable and a Latin girl how loves good surprises. reading and learning something I didn't know before. watching good movies,I have a happy and positive outlook in life. I face life as a challeng, sociable and with a friendly nature. Independent and outgoing and values the essence of life. I can be sweet and romantic. I hate pretenders... So if you got your game plans, don't waste my time. Being true and honest doesn't cost anything. So, I am me... please send me e-mail saying about yourself and pic. so I'll send a pic. as well London! Looking for someone to be my gaint teddy bear with fluffy balls 23-29 Looking for someone to be my gaint teddy bear with fluffy balls 23-29 - 21 london I want a man to dress up like the teddybear from the film Ted but you most have wollie balls on your dick! I want to have a picnic on your teddy bear tummy. I shall be dressed as pikachu and we can watch hentai reply back if interested london! What if it's just me and you... What if it's just me and you... - 28 Somewhere Left to re-populate the entire human race on Friday? I'd like to get to know you first, just as a precautionary measure. You will be fun, I don't want to wait around with just you and not even be able to laugh. Intelligent, I'm just a simple girl after all. You don't need to be able to hunt or start a fire, I can skin a rabbit and rub a flint like a pro. Ideally you will already have a supply of fur skins for us to parade around in, a girl still has to keep her modesty. I come fully equipped with hand made spears and I'm developing my very own distress call in case one of our many hunts for food goes wrong. So if you think you have what it takes to survive in a post apocalyptic world with just myself, please apply stating your skills and relevant background. Somewhere! I'm very good with plants... I'm very good with plants... - 26 Nice girl seeks less nice boy for nice times. Title nothing more than an obscure reference, not the quiet intimation that we should form some sort of drug empire. Points for knowing song without googlingI know you'll just Google! I could be your girlfriend I could be your girlfriend - 22 london Hello. If you're a loving and caring man, with a good sense of humor I could be your girlfriend. I am looking for someone to share my live and my best moments. I'm very pretty, sweet, and know how to make someone feel very good. If you are interested in meeting up with me, send me a line. london! I don't want to be your girlfriend I don't want to be your girlfriend - 24 Although I am very nice. I should probably post in casual encounters but I'm not sure I have a sufficiently graphic vocabulary to do it justice my eyes, my bleeding eyes. You might be tall, charming, a little bit arrogant with a fondness for red wine. That'd be nice. ! Only if your Ready? Only if your Ready? - 24 North London I'm not looking for anything casual -... would actually like to get to know you before we share fluids :-D I'm a Quirky tall Black lady, who quite shy at first - not to be mistaken for a mute. But I do tend to saydo the most sillyrandom things once I get all comfortable... - I know - fun times ahead! :- I'm looking for someone who doesn't takes themselves too seriouslybut has a mature side. it would help if you were amazingly good looking :-p, white personal preference, tall - 25-35 -with a great personalitysense of humour. Basically someone who's fun, and knows how to have a good time - just a nice guy, who's affectionate and caring - -someone to beat the winter blues with - possibly beyond.. If you are and looking for someone who's 'interesting', someone who's going to make u laughsmile - and if it helps not to bad looking... get back to me with some info about yourself and a pic - a must. x p. s - please have nice teeth - oh and wash always helps! North London! Seeking cute guy to have sex wtih Seeking cute guy to have sex wtih - 24 london Anyways the title says it all... i've always wanted to meet someone online for a one night stand of sex with no strings. Your pic gets mine back. london! i am along search for a man i am along search for a man - 32 london I am for long time so I seeking for a man to build relationship. So, reply with your photo. I will be waiting for your response. london! Beware Of DORIN FROM ROMANIA! Beware Of DORIN FROM ROMANIA! Just warning anyone who responds to an ad from a girl from romania. She poses as a broke accountant,is very convincing.. even providing a phone number,and photos of a gorgeous girl. ITS A SCAM! She asks for money under the pretence og wanting to buy a ticket to come to london. BEWARE OF SENDING MONEY!I am an educated guy,who is quite strret smart... but she has made an idiot out of me... just dont want anyone to be a victim. And guys... dont bother replying to me... i am a GUY!! date christmas night date christmas night - 55 kent tonbrdge looking for a mature professional darkskinned man to treat me to a hotel xmas night as working all over the festive season and would like some fun kent tonbrdge! A FREAK WHO RESENDS MY PICS ACTING AS ME-STOP IT! - ANNA A FREAK WHO RESENDS MY PICS ACTING AS ME-STOP IT! - ANNA London Ok if you read it you know its you. Whay kind of pleasure does it give you? Stop it now. I have found it out when I posted for my friend an ad in m4w - and received a response from a girl. With some pictures of myself. What a surprise. Please delete my photos and don't use it for your mad jokes. Thanks Anna London! 5 slaves wanted for Boxing Day!! 5 slaves wanted for Boxing Day!! - 34 London That's right, welcome to my post. I am seeking 5 slaves for Boxing Day for my girls party at home. This is a serious enquiry so please no timewasters. I seek 5 slaves to stay for the day and entertain us, whether this via strapon play, worshipping, domestic cleaning, etc. Limits and discretion will be respected. I would like you to respond by sending me a face picture, your background as I am looking for slaves from different backgrounds, and your measurements both when erected and not erected -- BUT PLEASE NO PICTURES OF THESE!!. The venue will be base in South East London and have up to around 15 Women present. If you are up for this and are available to meet before the 25th December 2012, then give us a shout. I don't have time for ping pong email, so make your message count, please do let us know what level of experience you have and if you have any sissy outfits. Goddess xx London! Ladies please this is a dating section Ladies please this is a dating section - 99 CLEAN CL UP If your looking for sex cash or fun please use the casual encounters section w4m! Sorry that craigslist has made it so crap but if that's what your looking for that's where you post! This section as you post is specifically described as romance and longterm not a quick shag! Hate to say it but some of us guy's still believe in longevity love and true romance and deludedly of sexual equality although it always seems to be a one way street. If you don't like what you see in the section I have mentioned due to the constant spam posts I suggest you complain to jim at craigslist dot organisation it used to be the email address for Jim Buckmaster the CEO of craigslist. Women or men please don't reply to this address as it's a throw away email address and you won't get a reply as there are to many spammers on here now. CLEAN CL UP! I Am Beautiful Long Haired Lady I Am Beautiful Long Haired Lady London Hi, I am a beautiful long haired lady living in own house in London. It is boring to living alone which I am doing. I am looking for a partner, there is no bar about race. London! Curvy black woman looking for LTR Curvy black woman looking for LTR - 32 East London Excuse the waffle... it's hard to know if someone is right for you until you spend time together. Although I have a vague idea of the type of person I would like to date, I'm ultimtately looking for chemistry which is something you can't force. I'm a size 14 black woman from East London. I'm average height, dark skinned, big brown eyes, big smile and curvy body frame. I would like to have a serious LTR with a lovely professional ambitious guy. I'm not interested in a one night stand or a booty callfriends with benefits type relationship. I want the real deal. I've been single for 9 months after breaking up with my ex whom I was with for over 2 12 years. You either have to be black or white English man. You must be emotionally and financially independent. I love laughing and enjoy being around funny and intelligent people. I love music, the arts, concerts. going out and I'm very much in to being affectionate. Let's meet for drinks andor chat on the phone this evening or tomorrow eve. Please reply with a picture of your face. Take care xx East London! woman's dream to meet the perfect man please all women read woman's dream to meet the perfect man please all women read - 27 london Come on ladies are there any real women looking for a men or you guys just need a car who got all the top of the range gadgets, that he should be tall, he should be smart he should have big goals in his life and bla bla bla. Its like a checklist i think to find a right person should feel more of a connection and compatibility to have a right material to get on. Not like the materialised stuff of this modern friendship or showing off people and making fool of yourself by making a checklist that he should be like this or something... If you need this kind you guyz will never find it and there is a chance of ending up lonely or choosing a wrong man,Com'on guyz let it flow explore the options dont always go on looks you should see how loyal, honest he could be has he got something that you both can make something out of the relationship... dont look for the special ones with the checklist look for the average guys around you and give them a try if you women where soo speical by this time you wont be alone or thing stupid stuff go out and enjoy, men are not soo complicated you just need to understand themmmmmm Guyz i am sorry if i had offended anyone... Any single women out there looking for relationship... lol just messing around feel free to leave your feed back and messages london! Black woman in NW8 Black woman in NW8 St Johns wood Black woman in St Johns wood wants to meet somebody local to the Abbey road area -coffee and a chat perhaps? You should be a tall, working professional based in the area. early to late 30s I guess. I hope to hear from you soon. St Johns wood! Submissive girl for 247 Master Submissive girl for 247 Master - 20 I'm a slightly bratty submissive looking for a master. This would be a 247 relationship, you're the boss always. I have brown curly hair, green-grey eyes and pale skin. Outside of debauchery I like to read Life of Pi, Crimson Petal and the White, Cracked. com and go for long walks. You, ideally, are taller than me, physically fit, confident arrogance works to a point, older than me, experienced with BDSM and ready for a 247 relationship. Newbies, subs, well wishers and the general public need not apply. ! Email chat Email chat - 26 london I'm looking for a white handsome, toned,sexy guy to talk filth to me via email. Who know's if you are that good we might meet. I am sexy,black and slim. lets get chatting, put SEDUCE YOU in the heading otherwise i will not respond x london! insert christmas related title insert christmas related title - 23 East London Christmas is that time of year when being single is crappy so I'm aiming to meet someone lovely. No criteria other than you have to write a little paragraph telling me what makes you so nice! I'm at Uni just now, like going interesting places. I don't go out drinking all that much as I seem to have got the need to get hammered out of my system when I was younger. I still enjoy it, but it's not what I do every weekend. I'd rather go ice skating or to a museum or something. I'm attractive enough to be pleased with how I look, but I'm more about personality. I'd say I'm quite... cheeky. Which makes me sound like a child! I'm sarcastic in an amusing way, not a mean way! And I love intelligence. If you can tell me all about something I have no idea about then bonus points to you!! And if you want to send a photo, do. If not, don't! : East London! I fancy a drink in central London tonight with a nice fun guy xxx I fancy a drink in central London tonight with a nice fun guy xxx - 28 Central London Mayfair maybe? Hi! I'm free from 11. 20pm onwards : photo stats and lets meet xx tall white brunette in here xx Central London Mayfair maybe?! Looking for Love in the wrong places Looking for Love in the wrong places - 27 London I'm looking for an attractive, educated, fun, spontaneous guy who is after a relationship. I'm 27, a student, and even though I don't have problems finding or meeting guys to date, they're just not the right guy for me. I can be fiery at times, but mostly I am caring and giving. I would describe me as submissive but adventurous in and out of the bedroom. If you want to know more then I would love to hear from you. I'm looking for someone between the ages of 25-35 please no older Reply with a photo, and I will reply with mine x x x London! Single lady Single lady - 63 Central London I am a Russian, a pensioner. Higher technical education. I am looking for an honest man well secured, suitable age for a long relationship. Central London! Are you seeking a bit company? Are you seeking a bit company? - 35 london A good companion shortens the longest road. As the title says You have just arrived to London and seeking a bit of company? I am Smart, Attractive, intelligent, mature, and more.. My personality is warm, friendly, playful, caring and kind, with a great sense of humor. If you are really open to ideas and would like to spend nice time with me, just get in touch with me.. london! BLACK GIRL FOR MARRIAGE BLACK GIRL FOR MARRIAGE - 25 I am a beautiful, black girl with curves, who is looking for a handsome British guy who's ready to settle down. P. S I don't live in London! marriageltr, serious, attractive marriageltr, serious, attractive - 45 Sw10 Attractive woman, looking for emotionally mature, independent male age over 40. I have a home, cooking, laughter and a kind heart to share. I am exhausted from p-ss-takers, bullies or insecure. If you would like a great woman, security and maybe love, write to me, the world did not end so we have to do something! Sw10! Good woman looking for right man Good woman looking for right man London Looking for someone who enjoys laughing and having fun!! Someone who can carry on a conversation.. I like anything outdoors. looking for a one night stand!!! Not looking for anyone over 42. London! Black expublic school girl for expublic school boy Black expublic school girl for expublic school boy London... Ex-public school boy. MUST BE SINGLE.. London based, well mannered and great fun -certainly is a must. Please be between 30- 36yrs old,well groomed, taller than 6ft1 and easy on the eyes! I dislike poor time keeping and arrogance. I am a big flurt, pretty laid back, practical, well rounded,honest and to the point hate having my time wasted -thus not having time for any ' hooray Henry's... Tarquins or anybody in need of a 'gap yah'... please be warm and engaging. If getting to know a person is too much like hard work,, it usually is not worth the effort. I am certainly not hard work, if you are, then move on... Respond with a picture and I shall do the same or we could even do a skypemsn cam chat. PS: FOR THOSE LOOKING FOR NSA... PLEASE MOVE ON!!! London! Secretly dominant and aggressive? Secretly dominant and aggressive? - 34 London City girl but not a City type bored of the usual seeks a charismatic and attractive man who can't ignore his dark and deviant dominant side... I'm innocent looking and normal in everyday life - intelligent, attractive and reasonably well educated. I'm lucky enough to be surrounded by good friends and family, I'm a happy, optimistic person who gets on well with pretty much everyone. But I like rough, violent, aggressive sex and all that goes with it. I'm interested in exploring this submissive side so I would like to find a relationship where I can embrace this. If you're a man who's equally sane, intelligent, normal and easy going, who feels the same way as I do, then it would be great to hear from you. There must be a spark between us, an attraction and some sort of meeting of minds so please don't answer this ad unless you are: -Aged 30-45 -Minimum height of 5'10 -White or mixed race -Open to the idea of a relationship with the right person -Willing to send a picture with your reply I'm very discrete, totally genuine and will send you a picture in return x London! Tall healthy size 16 sub female looking Tall healthy size 16 sub female looking - 50 St Albans, Herts looking for some fun... looking for adult conversation... looking to party in and out of bed I am ft 8 and love wearing heels so sorry looking for a tall man... I think my friends and family would be shocked to know i am submissive, but i thrive on the power exchange... No longer married and with children living at home I can not accommodate... Chemistry is important to me, so happy to answer questions but early meet in a public place preferred xx St Albans, Herts! Browsing for Something Different Browsing for Something Different - 19 Central London I am looking for someone who can be there for me. Someone dependable, someone I can talk to for hours. Someone who can keep up mentally and emotionally. I'm temperamental, but not bitch-I-wanna-kill-you type. I'm smart and I'm easy on the eyes. I have my flaws, but so do you. I'm a student and I take my stuff seriously. I don't see the point of clubbing- I believe I've outgrown it; the novelty just wears off. Looks don't always matter, they just help. I like tall guys. I'm tanned, tall 172cm, brown eyed and haired, decent body. Humorous at times but my friends say that I am too serious. I'm 19- the oldest I'm willing to go is 25. Pictures would be nice, but I don't mind just chatting first. Send me a message if this piques your interest. Central London! Attractive brunette Attractive brunette - 34 LondonEssex Great, the world hasn't ended! So here I am -- attractive, single lady looking for LTR. Actually, a date and cuddles to start would be just fine : Added bonus of being intelligent, fun and independent. I really would like to meet someone nice, caring and confident, who knows what he wants. I'm 5'5, slim, long dark hair and brown eyes. I work too hard and need some romance in my life! Will you come and sweep me off my feet? PLEASE be good-looking, unattached, intelligent, funny and tall - and send a pic! Ok, maybe I'm asking too much but you don't get anything if you don't ask. LondonEssex! Black girl for Oriental guy Black girl for Oriental guy - 22 London Hi ya If there is a cute Oriental Asian guy interested in Dating me! A Pretty and sweet black girl - get in touch. I am 5'9 in height, so quit tall and slim too. Please writ in with a bit about yourself, a picture wold be nice too and I'll happily respond with my own pic too : London! Be my New Year's Resolution Be my New Year's Resolution - 33 Londond Sweet, funny, blunt, sometimes reserved, often eccentric, laid-back girl with a full and busy life seeking similarly solid and mentally sound men to have coffee andor dinner with. I'm dark-skinned with messy hair, and a nice smile. Please only reply if you're single, 30 - 38, tall, and include a photo with your reply. Don't reply if you struggle to put a coherent sentence together or if you're only into chatting online. Regardless, happy Christmas to you all. xx Londond! Belated Christmas present for a loving Master Belated Christmas present for a loving Master - 27 London I am a kind caring submissive girl looking for a Master. I would like to meet the right person to take control of me, and to love me. I love making people happy, and pleasing and obliging to their every command. I am currently out of the country until after the New Year, but thought that this would give us time to email and get to know each other better, before commencing a relationship. Does this appeal to you? I hope my perfect Master is out there. X London! Black french bbw woman seeking for english man Black french bbw woman seeking for english man - 25 Paris Hello, I am looking for a good man that seeks love. I hope to hear from you. I'm french but would love to meet an english man. I'm the thickbbw type so if you prefer the runway model type, you are with the wrong one. If you are interested, please email me with a photo and I'll send u one of me : I don't mind the race, I'm very open, long as you're charming and honest. I live in Paris now but I am completely ok with relocating to London. My age interest is 26 - 40 Paris! Attractive slim ebony princess seeks her ivory prince Attractive slim ebony princess seeks her ivory prince - 33 london Dark skinned black lady, 5 ft 4, early 30s seeks good looking and fit White gentleman for friendship maybe leading to relationship. I most attracted to tall White guys, fit and athletic build. If you fit the profile and are 35 to 40 get in touch! Please email me with a pic - not interested in naked pics just vulgar! london! Young lady,doctor,31 years old,seeking for a serious relationship. Young lady,doctor,31 years old,seeking for a serious relationship. - 31 Stratford Young russian lady with a pure soul and a good heart,doctor-criminologist,like sport,music,not smoking seeking for a serious relationship with man. I answer to 27-40 years old. Stratford! Let's try... Let's hope! Let's try... Let's hope! - 27 London Hi! Looking for sth a bit serious... Not for a husband, to get married or all these shits though! Just for a good guy, caring and SINGLE! Tall and white are personal preferences, around my age as well. May I see a picture of you? ; London! I miss you guys I miss you guys - 24 london Hey guys... I am sure you will regret this moment if you will ignore my post and keep looking for other post and you find nothing. I will not explain further about myself but I wanted to meet you. Let say I am your sexy girl. what do you think? london! Busy to search of a sexy guy Busy to search of a sexy guy - 26 london Any guys out there actually reading this? I would like to meet and date a single white man who is older then me and more experienced in the bedroom then the young guys I am used to. Send a pic and I will return one. london! Christmas eve date? Christmas eve date? - 28 Looking to go out with someone on christmas eve. We can go for dinner and drinks. Your welcome to come over to mine too. Your pic gets my pic. ! any black guys out there? any black guys out there? - 27 london black lady for black gent. lets go for a drink and see how it goes? ps: not after any sort of casual fun! london! Looking for a creative Asian guy Looking for a creative Asian guy West London Hola I'm sick of meeting guys with who I have nothing in common with. So would like to meet other guys preferably Asian Muslim like myself who are into screenwriting music production. Would be great to work on a creative project together? I am seeking a LTR so please be single childless. 25 - 35 from London. Please send an intro telling me about yourself what you're working on in regards to the above. Do attach a photo so I can see who I am conversing with. PS This ad is for CREATIVE guys only so if you don't fit into this category then do not email me. West London! How to spot a fake photo How to spot a fake photo - 99 Antarctica Want to check if a poster has attached a genuine photo of themselves? Here's how to do it: 1 Right click on the photo and select Copy image URL 2 Go to Google. com and select the Images option. 3 On the search bar... a little camera icon appears at the right hand end of the bar. Click it. 4 Right click on the bar and select Paste 5 the URL of the image will appear... hit the search button. If the image has been stolen from another website... it will show you where it came from. PLEASE SHARE THIS INFORMATION... IN THE HOPE WE CAN REDUCE THE NUMBER OF FAKERS AND SCAMMERS ON HERE. Antarctica! At a loose end over the next couple of days anyone else the same... At a loose end over the next couple of days anyone else the same... - 37 London If you fancy the company of an attractive, intelligent, professional, well mannered, black British female over the next couple of days get in touch. Kind regards, x London! This is me looking for close match This is me looking for close match - 32 SE London I am black, size 14, been locked away on my own for a while now looking for some company. I have always been taught, don't talk to strangers so I'm taking a chance here. I would like someone I could at least have a conversation with Someone funny and interesting who is not easily offended, non smoker would be prefered I am quite easy going really, my friends usually love hanging out with me Love having a bit of fun but do not go clubbing myself I'm more of a restaurant, movies or theatre or quiet evening at home kind of person If interested drop me a picture and a line and I will respond with the same... No one too old please... no offence... SE London! String along ask for cash String along ask for cash - 24 London Is there any way of reporting these scammers to the police or inland revenue? Very sorry but CL is flooded with these time wasting morons! London! I want to know what love is. I want to know what love is. - 29 London Any Real English professional cute gentle man out there? who genuinely likes EBONY lady and wants to settle down some day... I don't want to become my own lonely state. Not much to say, but one thing for sure is i am very charming with a God given curves... I think i am still young at 29? hun er... Your Picture and a brief message of what you actually looking for we get a reply. You must stand out from the crowd and be physically fit!!. TIME WASTERS I HAVE YOU ON MY SHIT LIST AM WATCHING YOU... London! 18 year old BBW looking for Mr Right 18 year old BBW looking for Mr Right - 18 surrey london Hi There Im Chloe, 18 years old and live within Surrey, however am not to far from London. I am 5ft 5 brunette, green eyes and I would describe myself as a BBW so therefore curvy, and a size 20-22. I think it would have to be a man who likes the larger lady who is more suited to me. I am looking for someone mature, interesting and fun to just see where it goes. I normally go for older men, not to sure why, I just seem to find the company more interesting and more suited to me. However if your around my age please still email. I am looking for someone who is looking for dating and a future and not just a one night thing. I know craigslist is a weird place to look, but if you like the sound of me Im looking forward to hearing from you xxx surrey london! How to spot a fake photo How to spot a fake photo - 99 Antarctica Want to check if a poster has attached a genuine photo of themselves? Here's how to do it: 1 Right click on the photo and select Copy image URL 2 Go to Google. com and select the Images option. 3 On the search bar... a little camera icon appears at the right hand end of the bar. Click it. 4 Right click on the bar and select Paste 5 the URL of the image will appear... hit the search button. If the image has been stolen from another website... it will show you where it came from. PLEASE SHARE THIS INFORMATION... IN THE HOPE WE CAN REDUCE THE NUMBER OF FAKERS AND SCAMMERS ON HERE. Antarctica! Warning!Scam Girl from Romania! Warning!!! Warning!Scam Girl from Romania! Warning!!! Dont reply to this ad... she has scammed me... calls herself Dorin florin... Dont reply as she will scam you!Warning!!!!! I need someone to come over... tonight for enjoy I need someone to come over... tonight for enjoy - 23 london First time posting on here... Send a pic and I'll send mine. Please only email if you are somewhat normal! Title says it all. more love more enjoy. london! looking for hot oriental Asian guys looking for hot oriental Asian guys - 17 London Here's the deal... Im really into far east Asian guys : I just think their really good looking and hot. So if your fun, adventurous, good-looking has great personality, funny and young 17 - 25 then you might have chance A bit about me : im a 17 yr old black girl, long brownblack hair, brown eyes, light brown caramal skin. A lso Fun to be around and loves all stuff geeky - comics, mangas and animes and used to be into cosplay back in the day :p So go on don't be shy hit me up with a photo face photo of course and you might get one back if your what im looking for XD London! Anybody 20-40 fancy doing something on New Year's Eve? Anybody 20-40 fancy doing something on New Year's Eve? - 24 central London Hi, I'm a laid back, fun loving girl and I live in West London. New Year's Eve is coming up next week and since most of my friends have gone 'home' so I thought it would be nice to do something and perhaps meet somebody new. There are loads of events on whether it be a comedy show or a club night so I'm open to some suggestions. Let me know if you fancy meeting up. Tube is open all night and it's free so it's a good excuse to take advantage for once! central London! arrangement arrangement - 25 central 'Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily. All other sins are invented nonsense. ' I am a young artist looking for true gentleman to embark on a journey of pleasure.. Are you the patron of the arts whom would provide a hideaway where I could work in peace and where we could regularly meet to revive our senses? I am looking forward to learning more from you. central! In search of a sexy guy In search of a sexy guy - 23 london I wonder who is reading this? I would like to meet and date a single white man who is older then me and more experienced in the bedroom then the young guys I am used to. Send a pic and I will return one. london! Christmas time.. Christmas time.. - 19 Christmas reminds you how nice it is to have loved ones around you.. Looking for someone new in my life for 2013. Looking for someone older 20-40, someone intelligent and British. Tell me more?! chat? chat? - 41 Anyone feels like a chat? In town for work yes even on this day and up for some blabbering... ! Looking for a cute guy for night celebration Looking for a cute guy for night celebration - 26 london So funny that I've decided to post an ad here... Good young girl here with much to offer you to a worthy man... here is what I don't want... short man, drug addict, cheater, liar, married, convict... you get the picture, I would like a normal man who has above average skills in bed. how does that sound to you london! Overseas American interested in British Overseas American interested in British - 19 Ohio That title is totally horrible. I almost didn't post. Still not sure if I'm in the right section! I'm living in Ohio but I wanted to chat to someone from England - my family used to be from there here? and I really love the culture! Even if our version is completely exaggerated. Could maybe meet, I'm planning to be in London this Summer. So if you're interested in America, or you just want to see how we get on, message me; here's a little info: I tend towards being quite nerdy, love alternative music rockscenepunk, dress relatively normal. Live in Columbus, Ohio and travel round the States a fair bit. Going to USC out of the holidays. Ohio! I am Looking and want a boy for good sex I am Looking and want a boy for good sex - 25 london I'm looking for someone genuine and down to earth I like sports family working out and having a good time. Looks don't really matter to me I'm more of a personality kinda girl I'm looking for someone around my age. london! smooth, handsome with personality, educated, travelled smooth, handsome with personality, educated, travelled - 29 london ok this is it, I have been in London long enough and quite disappointed in guys, I always dated either hot but not stable or hairy, fat and not particularly handsome which I wasn't interested in and not happy, so now I am seeking man, who is handsome in my words - smooth everywhere, 6pack and toned, beautiful face and has got personality, ready for some steady long term means longer then occasionally sex relationship, about me, gorgeous, stylish, professional, speaking 3 languages fluently, well travelled, educated two degrees oh and if you don't belong to this kind of group but know website where I can search for this quality man let me know please thx, no sex websites or those boring dating sites where when you finally manage a date you get heart attack, no thx done it and never again ; Love K london! Have you been a good boy this year? - w4m Have you been a good boy this year? - w4m - 30 London Have you been a good boy this year? Santa Claus brought you so many gifts? Then do not reply to this adv : I'm looking for a naughty boy, a bad bad boy... someone who would like to play with a bad bad girl! I am looking for a nice looking, fit, hot,white man not older than 35 for a fun night out. So if you feel that you could be that person do not hesitate to send an email with your picture please and I will replay with one of mine!!! London! Female for confident intelligent man 2nite?! Female for confident intelligent man 2nite?! - 29 Deptford Oh dear... I'm picky... can this possibly work? I'm intelligent. Too intelligent for my own good. This intimidates some men. I understand that intelligence comes in different forms. That's cool. I just need a man who can take me down - verbally or physically - who may enjoy sparring, but knows when the girl just needs to be handled, even taken. I'm willing to try a lot of things even tonight! with the right person who is respectful of openness and doesn't abuse it: if you are confident in person and good in the bedroom, sensual, and understand that sex is about mind and body- and oh! It would be really lovely if you understand the importance of energy as well... I really enjoy play. Open for you to set the agenda or we can create something together. I am 29, 5'8, wdark hair and greenish eyes, medium athletic build and strong energy. Generally accounted very good-looking, feminine, but definitely not a conventional 'girly' girl. You are probably at least 5'10, under 40, and handsome - my taste isn't predictable though - with a good sense of humoured. If we get along, no reason this couldn't develop into something regular. Your picture for mine a little banter to see if we get along. X Deptford! I would like to meet a soul mate... I would like to meet a soul mate... - 63 London Woman from Eastern Europe. Tall, not thin. Higher technical education. I am looking for my fortune in the UK. I would like to meet a soul mate relevant body type, age, and education. I will respond to men 59-72 years old. London! Enjoy with me about sports then make love? Enjoy with me about sports then make love? - 24 london hi I am looking for a nice single guy who is standard qeality. someone to hang out with and have a few drinks with. just meet someone nice and new anything creating. london! free this week? free this week? - 29 London Hi there Are you, like me happen to be free with nothing much planned this week? It's been a while but I'd like to go to a comedy club sometime this week. If you have a pretty good sense of humour, don't take yourself too seriously and fun, then let's go for a date. : I'm oriental, 5'5 tall, live in London. London! I'm bossy, apparently... I'm bossy, apparently... - 23 west London Now don't laugh at me, but I've recently come to realise that my natural nature is actually pretty dominant. Not in a dominatrix kind of way but in a bossy kind of way. The funny thing is: I really like serving others, and I have this habit of trying to make the important people in my life happy, but I've noticed this 'Boss Bitch' streak only because somebody pointed it out to me! I'm fussy and can get impatient sometimes as I'm an ambitious perfectionist - but I already knew that. I don't really do nagging in relationships... if something isn't done, then you can be sure that you won't be making that mistake again. I genuinely don't have time for unnecessary drama so I'm generally quite easy-going and looking to enjoy life rather than making it more stressful than it already is! When I'm not being bossy, I love to laugh. And eat. I'm quite feminine so I like all the usual things like getting my hairnails done, shoes and sparkly things. Also, I'm pretty sarcastic and cheeky, so if you can't handle banter it's probably not a good idea for you to respond to this posting. Just sayin'. Physically, I'm a size 8, just over 55 and black, with naturally curly, shortish black hair and brown eyes. But of course, this is not all about me - please go ahead and tell me about yourself in your reply. I'm guessing that if you're responding then you probably have a thing for bossy women. And I'd like to add: I'm open to a few different types of relationships but I would prefer something a bit longer-lasting and rewarding! Have a great Boxing Day : west London! Still looking good in your 40's? - I know I do ; Still looking good in your 40's? - I know I do ; London Are you looking for friendship which will hopefully develop further in time? Me too - I'm the eternal optimist... well, this is Craigslist! Are you in your 30-40's and still well preserved so to speak lol, then please read on... Are you sincere, emotionally intelligent, respectful, about 5. 9 I love a man taller than myself, reasonably fit and looking for a potential serious LTR? Well, not too much to ask considering I'm confident I meet the same criteria and more besides! Smile. Race, colour and nationality isn't an issue - after all, we all want our basic wants, desires and needs fulfilled. I'm a slim black woman in my 40's, around 5. 8, open-minded with a GSOH. I possess all the characteristics mentioned above and ideally looking to meet someone compatible. Does the sound of this ad resonate with you? - then why not get in contact. Please respond ATTACHING A PHOTOS of yourself and I promise to do the same. You don't get if you don't ask - right.. ?! ; X's London! A French love affair A French love affair London Highly educated, feminine, elegant and charming French lady would like to find an English lover. You must be whiteCaucasian, tall, slim or muscular and extremely well educated. You will know how to behave like a gentleman, interested in exploring and be adventurous on various levels. A great sense of humour is very welcome and will be in a compatible age range : 40-55. If this is you, I would appreciate a picture. Of course, you must have a faible for French women, culture, champagne and fine food. London! TOY BOY 4 girllady TOY BOY 4 girllady - 25 London Hi beautiful... I'm here for You... Would You like to have a perfect toy boy only for your desire? I'm not a dream... If You want know something else about me, Write me... Get in touch... Kisses... lt;3 London! A MAN OF CHRISTIAN FAITH TO BUILD A FAMILY AND LIFE WITH marriage A MAN OF CHRISTIAN FAITH TO BUILD A FAMILY AND LIFE WITH marriage - 18 London Hi there I would like to date and possibly marry a Christian man convertedconverting is fine. I am affectionate, sensitive and occasionally people call me cute I'd like 2-3 children, a man and maybe a small furry familiar : If you'd like to know more send a message aged 18 -36 only I am serious I am actually making savings for if and when I have children. Below you can see a picture of my free range piggy bank grazing away on her green towelly pastures lol London! 22 years old girl want to meet new boys - w4w 22 years old girl want to meet new boys - w4w - 22 London Hey, I'm Claudia Hill and I just broke with my bfriend. Now I want to meet a new boy just for fun ; I'm not searching for love stories If you want to meet me send me an email at claudiahill90 at aol dot com London! SEEKING WHITE GUY SEEKING WHITE GUY - 28 LONDON Slim, black attractive female seeks white man to spoil and for something long term. Reply with a pic and please be young - late 20's to early 30's only. Happy hunting! LONDON! german girl visits london in january german girl visits london in january - 26 London Germany Hey Londoners, I am a german girl in her 20s and I'm planning to have a short trip to London in january. London is big, so I'm looking for a nice british guy that has some time to show me the real London! Drop me some lines with your pic and ideas and who knows - maybe we'll meet in january! :- London Germany! something for everyone on CL -Genuine post something for everyone on CL -Genuine post London Hi there, genuine post The good thing about CL personals is that there is something for everyone! As for myself, well.. I'd like to fall in love again and embrace the time invested, in getting to know someone aged 32-38, never married, no kids. is that being too picky!?! I'm in my early thirties, post-grad educated, articulate, never been married, no kids -physically: long dark hair, 5''8, olive skin, in good shape... beauty is in the eyes of the beholder. I've worked mostly around the UK, Scandinavia and the Benelux. Love travelling and occasionally consulting in the US, Canada, Dubai and Australia. Love my work because colleagues have all made me laugh out loud every single day.. being politically incorrect, most of the time! Genuinely very sporty, clean living, creative and cultured... enjoying technology and yes, charity work. The kind of guy I'd like is an astute soul. His values around integrity and ambition have allowed him to: achieve and sustain an appetite for the finer things in life: spiritually and physically. So, I ask for: A wonderful man I can laugh out loud everyday with. Choosing romance for the right reasons will guarantee a lifetime of happy surprises, peace, harmony etc. It's time for a fresh start, don't you think? London! Time to Marry Time to Marry - 27 London Here's the deal, next week I will be 28 years old. I have a budding career and a fairly good life, and now I think it is time to get married. I am: A Greek-American I am from Denver, CO and have lived in San Francisco, Barcelona, London, Cambodia, and Berlin An academic A sometimes cultural critic and writer A lefty of sorts Oh, and I have Rheumatoid Arthritis so I get achy and stuff Ideally you would be: A medical doctor a fortune-teller told me I would marry a doctor when I was nine--I have become fond of the idea Ethnically Greek Between 33-45 Open-minded Have a good sense of humour Ready to settle down within the next 2-3 years. Must love dogs If you check at least three of the above let's talk. Your picture gets mine. I am not one of the world's great beauties, but I am not too bad either. London! Need a boy friend for relationship Need a boy friend for relationship - 23 london I'm 23 years old, professional in Advertising, friendly, good-listening, reliable and a Latin girl how loves good surprises. I hate pretenders... So if you got your game plans, try to me. Being true and honest doesn't cost anything. So, I am me... please send me e-mail saying about yourself. so I'll send a pic as well. london! Attractive educated woman Attractive educated woman - 45 london Attractive educated woman would to find a male equivalent for a romantic relationship. london! I think I am paranoid... I think I am paranoid... London Just like the wellknown song said, at times, I too, feel I am paranoid. Just like now for instance... Posting a pic on CL does not seem like a very sane thing to do... Anyway, here's me. Weird most of the time, paranoid the rest of it. Looking for a friend. A real friend. Then looking for a Boy-friend. One that will stick around. Then looking for some fun times. You know, hanging out in parks, getting to know London and stuff... Take care, be happy, and stay crazy... If you aren't, now is a good time to start... PS gt; relevant people only please... London! Young, attractive girl seeking older mentor Young, attractive girl seeking older mentor - 18 London I am a young, slim, reasonably inexperienced girl and I am looking for an older man to get to know, then see how it goes from there! I am a student so education is important, and I would like to meet someone who is caring an has a good sense of humour. Weight is not an issue. Please put Green Eyes as the subject for the email so I know you're not spam! xx London! tierd to be single tierd to be single - 38 south east london Black lady in her late thirtys is looking for a soul mate.. I would like to find someone who want a serious relationship who is ready to marry and build a family, but also like to enjoy life together please get in touch if you fill you are the one, if you know you are a player please dont waist your time... no escorts,scams please be genuine.. reply me with your pict... south east london! looking for fun right now! looking for fun right now! - 26 hello all, i am looking for some one nice genuine man who loves to ve fun and should be nice n gentle n can help financially too.. let me know if anyone interested.. i can accomodate. let me know if anyone can meet me now with a pic n we can meet. Please put in the subject line!!! Please put in the subject line!!! - 99 The artic Don't do it! It offers a degree of acceptance to the post and you will be spammed from here to eternity! Don't believe me well just think about it you have replied to one of the adds stating this, you get a reply but not to your reply and it will make no mention of anything you have said. What happens next you get loads of spam that states you agreed to the terms of some website should be Web shit as that's all it is and you constantly have to opt out unless your sensible and have used Gmail no spammers like to piss off Google. Sounds familiar doesn't it, we'll don't feel down or stupid if you can be bothered to read this millions have done the same, but now you know don't change the subject line of a reply. The artic! looking for american guys ONLY to have fun while in london looking for american guys ONLY to have fun while in london - 26 west london I am looking specifically for american guys, love the accent, etc... So If you are here on holiday or living here and you find yourself to be a nice, easy going, educated. I am an attractive busy woman looking for fun with the right guy... west london! Seeking a fit, sexy jack-the-lad to dominate Seeking a fit, sexy jack-the-lad to dominate - 34 London Hi I'm an educated, intelligent, in-control 34 year old white woman seeking a fit, attractive jack-the-lad i. e. masculine, confident, maybe 'streetwise' type to tease and dominate. Starting off online, then maybe I'll meet you if I think I'll find you satisfying. Maybe you hate the idea of women in charge, but you get hard over it? Thats the type of guy I'm looking for. Send a clear clean face photo, and self-description age, job etc and I'll definitely respond. Title your response 'Sexy Jack-the-lad for dominating'. Only white or black men please. Good luck boys. Mwah x London! Curvy Asain baby... Curvy Asain baby... - 26 I'm a nice young Asian female... adorable with a great personality... just looking for a great dude to be cool with.. maybe a few dates or what ever... then see where it goes from there... race doesn't matter... send me your pic in your first email and pls be real. ! Free on the weekend : - w4m Free on the weekend : - w4m - 33 London I would like to meet an attractive white man who I can have a laugh with... Are you passionate, good looking, between the age of 30 to 40, unselfish, funny, caring and sweet? I am good looking : and also very modest and I have sometime on my hands to spend with the right guy. If you are up for meeting, have a relax and fun time over a few drinks please get in touch. Make me laugh, send me a picture of your face and I will reply with one of mine.. : London! I want to have fun in London! I want to have fun in London! - 34 Amsterdam I am an intelligent, sophisticated and very attractive black woman a former model looking to visit London soon. I would like to meet a charming, sophisticated man to wine and dine me, i prefer the finer things in life and hoping to meet my perfect gentleman to show me some good times. If you are interested in being pleasantly surprised by this gorgeous beauty, then please drop me a line and include a pic. xxxx Amsterdam! Date tomorrow? Date tomorrow? - 31 London Let's just start off with a drink or two and then go where the daynight takes us. If there's a connection - dinner. If there's an attraction - back to your place for dancing and more chatting of course. I am attracted to strong men who are funny, well-read and have some smarts. I'm tall, firey, full-figured with an appetite for life. I'm mixed race if that matters to you with curly dark hair. Please put your favourite colour in the subject line so I know you aren't spam yes, us females are plagued by it too. Messages with 'pink' in the subject line get deleted! As do those without a face pic : London Seeking a partner in crime Seeking a partner in crime - 31 West You: tall, intelligent, articulate, unattached, respectable but with a secret side. Me: tall, intelligent, vivacious, unattached, respectable but with a naughty streak. The scenario: I am looking for a long term and loving relationship with one man - even marriage and kids in the not tooooo near future. However within that relationship I want to explore everything the sexual world has to offer - threesomes, foursomes, swinging, orgies. I have never felt more comfortable or more free than when I am in a room full of attractive, intelligent and interesting people, who also happen to want to have a lot of fun playing with each other! You don't have to have experience in this area I do as a single girlwith casual partners, but you do need to be open minded, and turned on by the idea of your woman playing with other boys and girls. You also like the idea of playing with other girls while I watch or join in. You could like the idea of playing with boys, too - this is optional but welcome. If this sounds like something that you would be keen to explore, drop me line. Your pic gets mine. I would prefer to exchange a few emails to see if our personalities click, then meet to see if the chemistry is there. Please note: I am not looking for one night standsNSA fun - I get plenty of that already. This time I'm looking for something special. West! Submissive with a passion for body modification Submissive with a passion for body modification - 25 London I am a very submissiveslave girl looking for her Master. I would like someone who is into body modification such as nipple and clit enlargement, and multiple labia piercings for stretching with weights. Also, nipple piercings preferred a cross effect with two bars. I am size 14, red hair and hazel eyes. I am willing to be the right Masters slave. Does any of this turn you on? X London! interesting, polite, graduate, affluent interesting, polite, graduate, affluent - 45 London attractive, graduate, polite, affluent interesting woman would like to meet gentleman for company, laughing, passionate encounters and if possible more London! A Chat During This Festive Period A Chat During This Festive Period - 39 London A chat during this festive period? Compare our Christmas antics: regretting over-indulging in food and drink, surviving the full-on family get together :-. I'm single, genuine, and intelligent and looking for similar. Please reply with a photo. London! Looking for a man to fulfill fantasy with girlfrined 22-25 Looking for a man to fulfill fantasy with girlfrined 22-25 - 23 London Hello, I am looking for a man to have a threesome with my girlfriend and me. I have never done anything like this before but I have a longing to try it. If you think you could be that guy then message me with a picture of your face and about 200 words about yourself and what you like in a woman. Eg personality and looks. If I think we could all get alone then I will message you back. Please do not reply if you are not within the right age, going to send nasty pictures or just nasty in general London! I have a weakness to designer's shoes I have a weakness to designer's shoes - 25 London Louboutin, YSL, Prada - I love them all, it's the quality and designs which make perfect connection. Well for now I can only adore them, though there is a lot of sales now.. Apart from that I am educated caucasian woman with beautiful feet. please write more than 1 line London! This posting has been flagged for removal. ? The title on the listings page will be removed in just a few minutes. ! looking for a potential boyfriend looking for a potential boyfriend - 20 London I'm looking to start a potential relationship with a guy who wants to be in a relationship and isn't just looking fir a quick shag. I'm black, cute, 5'9, intelligent and pretty easy to get along with. I'm attracted to guys with long hair bookworms solitary souls. So if you're interested send me an email and we can start to get to know eachother, your picture gets mine. London 