I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A. C. Company to stay in the U. S. Indiana. MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years. 
The failing just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice
Many people would like to see represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world. Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!
General James Mad Dog Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!
I watched parts of Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
The Theater must always be a safe and special place. The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!
Our wonderful future V. P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing. This should not happen!
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country. 
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA
Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me. 
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing said. Russia, U. K. , China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,
The failing story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders. 
I am not trying to get top level security clearance for my children. This was a typically false news story. 
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in N. Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
I will be interviewed on tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P. M. Enjoy!
The states today that DJT believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons. How dishonest are they. I never said this!
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!
Jeb Bush, George W and George H. W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!
The sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
Wow, the is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the Trump phenomena
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
A fantastic day in D. C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
Just out according to : Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina. 
Evangelical women live at #trumptower 
#Billygraham's grand daughter #SupportsTrump So nice, thank you Cissy Graham Lynch!!!!
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U. S. Congress. RIGGED!
Wow, now leading in Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
I follow Mr. Trump at all of his rallies by watching them on. He is a lion-hearted warrior, who inspires hope
Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!
We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!
In my mind, #DonaldTrump is the only way out of this mess. - #PhilRobertson of TV's #DuckDynasty Thank you Phil!
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
BOMBSHELL: FBI reopening its investigation into HillaryClinton's email server after new discovery!
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!
FBI must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service, FBI, or Dallaspolice
People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a 116 increase in premiums. Repeal and replace!
I will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00 P. M. Enjoy!
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump. We are going to WIN!
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U. S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!
If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
I #Voted for DonaldTrump! #Arizona #Economy #Immigration #Jobs #Veterans #BorderControl #Trade 
Best way to pay Hillary back for what she did to #DNCleak is a DonaldTrump LANDSLIDE 
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times. 
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary. 
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
41 of American voters believe the election could be stolen from DonaldTrump due to widespread voter fraud. - Politico
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
Wow, new polls just came out from Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44. 
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama or worse!. 
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
Peter Thiel chooses now to give 1. 25mil in support of Trump 
Trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as April! This is all yet another hoax. Terrible
Watch Joe Biden's Long History Of Grabbing, Kissing and Groping Women Who Are Cringing: 
Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100 made up by women many already proven false and pushed big time by press, have impact!
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all! 
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning 
Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows quid pro quo in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe. Such a dishonest person - amp; Paul Ryan does zilch!
Finally, in the new ABC NewsWashington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win including failed run four years ago, must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc. 
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me. Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
Go Mr. Trump! Israel is behind you!
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGA
The failing reporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
100 fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the incident in her story. Because it did not happen!
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
Wow, Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary amp; CNN FRAUD!
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his primary I gave, he won, then dropped me over locker room remarks!
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty. 
Wow, got caught fixing their focus group in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
This Black Democrat is on the TRUMP TRAIN!!
GOP traitors! Not supporting U is voting for her, destroying America. 
politicians don't count. It's the people. We are behind trump all the way to White House. 
Republican leadership should have only one job: Help elect the nominee we voted for, Donald J. Trump. 
I am a woman who continues to support amp; stand with #Trump! #dtmag Thank you. 
Tremendous support except for some Republican leadership. Thank you. 
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly - I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #Pence vs the other guy... so obvious So true!
.. Kaine is awful, Trump and Pence are the ticket.. no more lies, we are ready to see America Great Again!
That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton. Vote for Liberty! Vote for 
Pence is so prepared! He did his homework to outperform Kaine. 
good!!
No she only gets #Americans killed #Benghazi - we need #MAGA
Loving he's so likeable and sensible. Kaine is just talking bull!
Kaine says Hillary and he have plans. She could care less what Kaine thinks. 
I want a you're fired president with people in Govt who are WASTING my tax 's. 
is doing a great job - so far, no contest!
amp; are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!
Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies
I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!
is so angry. Our looks great. kaine can't defend all those lies #makeamericagreatagain
#pence is so much more likeable than Kaine #cbsnews 
Great opening Pence
Wow, Kaine couldn't go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running. #bengazi
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
Here we go - Enjoy!
I will be live-tweeting the V. P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning to where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Just announced that Iraq U. S. is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
There will be MASSIVE turnout for you, Mr. Trump - These polls don't register the pulse of the PEOPLE!
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, just saw the really bad ratings. People don't want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary. 
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio amp; sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided spin that followed. This despite the really bad microphone. 
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!
Remember, don't believe sources said by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist. 
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting check out sex tape and past Alicia M become a U. S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con. 
Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an angel without checking her past, which is terrible!
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying sources said, DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!
Wow, did you see how badly Clinton News Network is doing in the ratings. With people like , who could expect any more?
Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc. , has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox amp; Friends for so reporting!
Well, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!
I really enjoyed the debate last night. Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things. Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!
just said a historic victory for Trump. NICE!
Wow, did great in the debate polls except for - which I don't watch. Thank you!
Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the King, has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed. 
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N. C. riots!
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A. M. 
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!
Trump is headed for a win, says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes 
The endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th. 
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!
Will be on now. 
I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on - Tonight at 10:00 P. M. Enjoy!
I love those beautiful gals. D S Two amazing women!
Thank you!
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change. 
Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males, poorly vetted. 
he's the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!
Will be on at 7:02 A. M. Enjoy. 
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC. 
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U. S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama. 
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good. 
My lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no for now, but they are watching. Really disgusting
The failing has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D. C. for a major statement. 
#TheDonald's hair gets the #JimmyFallon treatment on #TheTonightShow #TrumpPence16 So true!
Tonight: , , a performance by Kiiara,and your funniest #MyTeacherIsWeird tweets. #FallonTonight
Will be on at 7:00 A. M. Enjoy!
you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump 2016 Thank you!
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq disaster. We can do much better!
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 urour success. 
Just got back from Asheville, North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you! #MAGA
Will be on at :22. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A. M. 
The seriously failing , despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!
Hillary Clinton just had her 47 moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
Just Watched. Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job 
Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible. 
I havn't seen in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!
Dummy writer , who wanted to do a second book with me for years I said no, is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
The documentary of me that just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
A rough night for Hillary Clinton ABC News. 
Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!
COMING UP on 
Thank you to for the nice reviews of last night. 
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!Kudos to for standing up to CNN's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending #media bias
Message for undecided voters: Please wake up and vote DonaldTrump now! TrumpPence very important save our America before too late!
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama the son of a whore. Terrible!
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!
I followed you because you are a patriot amp; support , as do I. #MAGA by sticking together. 
I'm at a biker rally in Perry, Kansas... and everyone is a fan. Love it. 
Trump now leads her by 2 - get real, she will lose big
We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!
It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then it's this, then it's that. 
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the C markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE T
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow. Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally amazing people, has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as , if it is going to stop illegal immigration. 
CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016!!
Crooked Hillary's V. P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Wow, the failing has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals. 
Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!
Just heard that crazy and very dumb had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings. Joe a mess!
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Thank you to for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Great trip to Mexico today - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting. 
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the f bomb. 
Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house! 
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated. Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D. C. She was forced to go elsewhere
I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in blank amp; she still has room. 
Thank-You Clarence Henderson for telling you know racism amp; it's not DonaldTrump via 
Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron, Ohio is a Sea of Women, Minorities, Independents, Dems via 
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote TrumpSAFE!
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue. 
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
America loves Trump and -- praying for you every day. Stay strong. #TrumpPence2016 #NeverHillary
#BlackMenForBernie Leader: #Hillary2016 No Regard For Black Race via #BlacksForTrump
Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump. , she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor. 
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border amp; WALL!
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth SUPER PREDATORS - Has she apologized?
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Wonderful was attacked viciously and unfairly on by crazy on low ratings. Apologize!
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American amp; Hispanic communities
Your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows, you represent HOPE!!
Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner via dailycaller
Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as 'Friend and Mentor': 
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short stamina. Media gives her a pass!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!
of the #brexit fame - We CAN do this! We can #MAGA with 
Hillary Clinton strongly stated that there was absolutely no connection between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact, that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas. 
Will be interviewed on at 8:30 A. M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of and his very insecure long-time girlfriend,. Two clowns!
Tried watching low-rated this morning, unwatchable! is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
Trump leading LA Times poll 
The ad was actually very good!
#TeamTrump You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K
TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER! #MAGA #TrumpPence16
Video: Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel. 
I heard that was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV amp; someone I helped, was nasty. Irrelevant!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states.... sooo powerful Good!
been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!
Will be interviewed on at 9:00 P. M. Enjoy!
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
200,000 new followers for. From 10,800,000 to 11,000,000, All in the last ten days or so! #MAGA #AlwaysTrump
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P. M. on - 
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U. S. Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
Stay on message is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!
I have always been the same person-remain true to self. The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
It is not freedom of the press when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm. 
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20
The failing , which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said
The failing talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #USA Loves U Thanks
We're all enjoying you, as well, Mr. T. ! You've inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you! Nice
yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres. 
Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions. We love you! #TrumpTrain Thanks
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
The failing has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
I love watching these poor, pathetic people pundits on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible and boring rollout that was yesterday!
Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm
Ratings challenged reports so seriously that I call President Obama and Clinton the founder of ISIS, amp; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?
People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump. That would indeed be nice!
THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton 
Everything coming from this administration is a lie. Only will change it
Really admire your determination: Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media. 
You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
Now cut off my mic! Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump, 2nd Amendment HEATED! 
Loved Trump's answers to voters questions this morning! Trump's economic plan will help #MAGA #NeverHillary
great interview..... all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U. S. a mess!
Will be interviewed on now!
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P. M. Enjoy!
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C. I. A. , and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, the baby and so much more. Very dishonest!
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!
Anybody whose mind SHORT CIRCUITS is not fit to be our president! Look up the word BRAINWASHED. 
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she SHORT CIRCUITED when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying 400 million in cash going to Iran!
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
When I said in an interview that Putin is not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down, I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U. S. Get smart!
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T. V. doing the same - Nice!
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing is a joke. is laughable!
Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, HillaryClinton wouldn't stand a chance. #VoterFraud and #MSM her only hope. 
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our leaders to eradicate it!
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32. 2 MILLION. CLINTON 27. 8 MILLION. Thank you!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS. 
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! 
Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
The Rust Belt was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two Big Thursdays when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMA'S MISTAKES!!! #Trump2016 
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V. P. pick!
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Crooked Hillary said that I couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign. Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10 of the vote - they would run him out of town! #NeverHillary
Little Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record BAD #NeverHillary
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
I believe in science Dem code for we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and forgot to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. and the little watched SAD!
Poll: Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart Great!
stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE
Barack is offended that will demand that #NATO allies pay their fair share. #DemsInPhilly
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to carpet bomb the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Funny how the failing is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said Trump is a genius. America 1st!
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv. 
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting with a much more beautiful set than the Democratic Convention!
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS a good thing. Please get your facts straight - thanks. 
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia. 
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch. 
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Funny, if you listen to , the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time. 
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!
I was at and met Juan Williams in passing. He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V. P. a joke!
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet can you believe. Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her servant was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie. 
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same. 
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written stupid, because Putin likes me
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS amp; all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive amp; well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. Bernie, media would go wild
The panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders political revolution. He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates. 
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V. P. , is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
The Crooked Hillary V. P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
Dinesh D'Sousa Hillary's America. see it
Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals #HillaryKaine2016
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA. 
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
Pocahontas wanted V. P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam. 
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich. 
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage amp; set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T. V. ratings! 
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Arena was packed, totally electric!
was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V. P. 
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Thank you to Governor for such warm support. Great speech!
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V. P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Bill Hemmer of was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years. 
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people. 
Networks other than low ratings have been very fair and exciting!
is the worst. They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
DonaldTrump and his running mate to appear on #60Minutes in first joint interview. CBS 
I will be on tonight at 7:00 P. M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
The ratings at blow away the ratings of - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
is much better, and far more truthful, than , which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch. 
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage being Native American she would be nothing today. Pick her H
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V. P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by, we see what a total mess our country and world is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U. S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
Great news! We've been nominated for Ireland's Best Golf Hotel 2016. We would appreciate your vote! 
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana. My first choice from start!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V. P. introduction tomorrow in New York City. 
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A. M. 
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O amp; Hillary!
#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement. 
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse. 
Justice Ginsburg of the U. S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
I heard that the underachieving John King of on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish. They think the public is stupid!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
Way to go - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary. 
Just leaving D. C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, 
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again. He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N. C. 
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A. C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City. 
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing as all know. Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information. Not fit!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U. S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with murder. Come November 8, she's out!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
It was great spending time with yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U. S. Will see her again!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
On at 7:00 P. M. Special: Meet the Trumps Hope you enjoy!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is guilty as hell but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?
The only people who are not interested in being the V. P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
I look forward to meeting today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack slaughter in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U. S. A. G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U. S. A. G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting go away, no pictures. 
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U. S. A. G. talked only about grandkids and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away. The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U. S. A. G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged amp; corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U. S. A. G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know. 
Just watched and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me. The good news-the people get it!
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
Just read in the failing that I was not aware the event had to be held in Cleveland - a total lie. These people are sick!
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
For reasons only they can explain, the wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better. 
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
As of April this year, Hillary had spent 264,000,000 on her campaign Mr. Trump 55,000,000. self funding
I will be on at 8:00 P. M. Enjoy!
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on - He was great! Thank you John. 
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U. S. with our terrible trade pacts
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
thanks for sharing Eric we need now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe
Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton... Listened to your great speech on YouTube
This is why I would think the unions would support for #POTUS
also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction as was speaking. #UPUPUP
let's get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs
Good for he's smart on business. Maybe If corporations weren't overtaxed they would stay. Voting for #Trump
I'll be a guest today on Making Money with on @ Fox Business 6 PM ET 3 PM PT Discussing. Tune in!
is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore. 
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit Hillary was wrong, watch November
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U. S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage. 
Trump voters don't scare or back down. Our numbers are growing amp; we're taking our country BACK. #Trump2016 #MAGA
Under a Trump presidency, America will make brilliant new trade deals! Donald Trump #dtmag 
Hillary read sigh off the Teleprompter, She's so fake she has to be told how to feel: 
we know they're fake just like poles during primary. I'm sure u will crush #CrookedHillary in general
The dirty poll done by is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
The poll sample is heavy on Democrats. Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did lie! Was there to support son
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100 wrong along with Obama, is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call. 
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits who lost his way long ago, has left the Republican Party. He's made many bad calls
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U. K. All talk, no action!
And we will get it back once we have President Trump! Can't wait!
What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November.. vote TRUMP 2016
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U. S. People want their country back!
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave amp; brilliant vote. 
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama. -- Donald J. Trump
Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency. -- Donald J. Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been disqualifying. 
You have great children, future presidents... and we all see were raised right and out there for their father. Thank you. 
brilliant 3 word response to Hillary's 'I'm With You' slogan 
great speech today!! It's all about America and that's why you will become president!!!! Thank you. 
.. Saw your interview. You are the best! Great questions, great answers Lou is great
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
I am the king of debt. That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U. S. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
Watch out HillaryClinton Support #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!
The media attack on is relentless. They are desperate. But, they keep #Trump in the news - a good thing. 
is a Common Sense Conservative! President TrumpCompetence, Safety, Unity, amp; US JOBS, JOBS, JOB. 
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 P. M. 
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns. 
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump may have insinuated about. But he's right: 
AMERICA FIRST!
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening. 
I am watching and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and , and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P. M. 
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble. 
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted Allah hu Akbar! as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade. 
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded. 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Heading to D. C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO. 
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!
RECORD 14 million primary votesbeat 16 opponentsfinanced own campaign. You will be a great POTUS amp; #MakeAmericaGreatAgain: Never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by. 
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U. S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V. P. choice. 
Trump's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes - A Record... Congratulations 
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!
please Mr. Trump make your VP. He is a perfect running mate. He is a great guy!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me. 
JohnKasich, the VOTERS have spoken. We want. You AGREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave 
You will be the greatest president the world has ever seen Thanks. 
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!
Congratulations Mr. Trump. Thank you!
Senator Sanders spent more than yet lost. 
Why WHERE IS THE REPORTING lt;MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA
HISTORIC!! what's historic is OUR national debt, record unemployment, amp;pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH!
Great speach!!!!!!! Thanks!
doing on is awesome. Number one presidency of all time
Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you
Nobody is watching anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
fans, greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote for , at least you'll have a job. 
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
Gee... Does this make right one more time? 
Standing by all the way to the White House! 
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P. M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
I will be interviewed tonight on - Enjoy! 10:00 P. M. 
In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized for a Wall Street paid for ad by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish #1, so too should our country. We can be great!
People like report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge. True of so much of media!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
I am watching very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as , is getting more and more biased. They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
Our ineffective #POTUS has to make a speech in #Elkhart to make everything look great. Mr. Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010. 
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country! #VoteTrump2016 JOIN ME ON THE #TrumpTrain 
Heres The HILLARY UNIVERSITY Scandal No One In The Media Is Talking About 
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
I don't watch or do anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!
Yes! Hubby and I voted 4 already! Thank you. 
I think the first female president of the USA will be a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!
This is rich coming from her. She tweeted you will be president! #Women4Ttump #Trump2016 
Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Who's the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi? 
Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too. 
Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time. THANK YOU!
she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her. 
THIS IS 'S LEGACY! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!!! WE NEED NOW!! #MAGA #TRUMP2016 
A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country. 
A 60 increase in Texas Blue CrossBlue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions. 
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U?, so much interest in it! I will be pres. 
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews amp; will win case!
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC. 
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?
Do you ever notice that gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent #Teachers4Trump! We represent #CA4Trump! #NeverDems
Not for slackers! Happy wcourses I took. Thanks. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
So I raisedgave 5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased. 
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raisedgave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job. 
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the 5,600,000 that I raisedgave!
I have raisedgiven a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A. M. today, Trump Tower!
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me. 
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel San Diego, who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries than Crooked Hillary if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering 
how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east. 
Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally #TRUMP STRONG So true, and remember the M. I. A. 's!
Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally A great day in D. C. !
#Trump2016 Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans. 
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents thank you, the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security wrong and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall fence at W. H. 
The Republican Party has to be smart amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Heading to D. C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them. 
I we broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you. 
The U. S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
I am on tonight, a big special. at 8:00 P. M. ENJOY!
Poll data shows that does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W. H. 
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren has done less in the U. S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
Washington, BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again! Trump2016!
high energy!
Great speech tonight Mr. Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you. 
congratulations from India
UP TO 8. 4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CAN'T STOP THE #TrumpTrain #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#TrumpTrain
Great job! Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L. A. Big rally in Anaheim. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F. E. C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media. 
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups. 
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 amp; 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!
I will be interviewed on at 8:00 P. M. Enjoy!
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Crooked Hillary said that I want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
I trust more anyone ever to protect America. He WILL do the right thing for the U. S. A, without a doubt. 
is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!
Hillary wants to rip the guns out of America's hands. No guns no protection. Get on #TrumpTrain amp; join to stop her. 
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Thank you for the wonderful statement that the new par 3 9th hole Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain. 
Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!
Best Links Course in Britain. Ailsa Course opens June '16 Can't wait to play it 
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because she has very bad judgement - Bernie said the same thing!
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
My list of potential U. S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
Some low-life journalist claims that I made a pass at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the story which has become a joke!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Paul Begala, the dopey flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me. 
Trump for President! Bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterday's and today's nightmare
The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for #AmericaFIRST. 
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you. 
Hillary Just Handed a Huge Gift: Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
No way I believe Trump at 70 disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 12 women. MSM LIES 
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump 2016
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
I can't believe that would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how THE MOVEMENT does in Oregon tonight!
Will go back on for a final question now!
Amazing job
Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change, never forget you are our messenger!
I like Michael Douglas!
Best interview that I have ever seen. 
Great interview Megyn
and we love you Diamond and Silk I do also!
Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president #MegynKellyPresents
That's why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed True!
Lovely interview, Mr. Trump! Thanks. 
Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say.. it was very well done on both their parts
We actually really do love you! Great!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!
it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done. 
Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!
we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks. 
we need Trump more then ever Megan Please don't lose it for America for us!
Kudos to and for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy 
Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job
You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you! Don't listen to these people who want you to change!
great interview with ! Thanks. 
One thing we know for sure supporters will turn to #Trump - absolutely not 
speaks from the heart 4 all of America. His intention is for a positive future 4 all. DonaldTrump, you are fearless! This interview shows you are the Leader we need. is a tough interview! Respect to both
what's with the soft wimpy questions?!? It's not a therapy session.. !! Not really soft at all!
amazing on Megan Kelly Thanks. 
Watching you on Fox with now. Can't wait to hear what you two talked about. 
I will be live tweeting Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U. S. history?
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy. If so, he should run,not her. Will he bring the energizer to D. C. ?
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U. S. political history
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. You can tell them to go BLANK themselves - was about China, NOT WOMEN!
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
OREGON votes today! Go vote for and kick it BIG TIME! 
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no. 
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N. Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue. This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U. S. history!
A political commentator for , which I no longer watch, said Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries. I set all-time record!
That was an amazing interview on - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the is!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run. 
The report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration. 
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
Why did the failing refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing piece. Massive front page for that!
Why doesn't the failing write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
keep shining.... the ppl will not let the media dim your light... we no longer believe them! #Trump2016 Thanks. 
Everyone continues to pile onto Donald, but they can NEVER take away our votes! Thank you!
Everyone is laughing at the for the lame hit piece they did on me and women. I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
OHIO WOMEN FOR TRUMP 
Leicester amp; DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory, both were written off, but they keep scaling the heights. History?
I'm a women amp; I 100 support amp; I have since the beginning. Thank you!
The failing wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!
Thank you for the nice words this morning. Well delivered and totally logical! 
Sheldon Adelson Pledges 100 Million to Elect Trump President - Breitbart 
Wow, is really working hard to make me look as bad as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!
In interview I told that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position. 
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary! 
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
#RepMikeKelly Great job on this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am a woman amp; I JUST VOTED FOR #NebraskaPrimary #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident 
Is Chris serious, lying or misinformed? Bill Clinton signed NAFTA 
The liars that signed the pledge and now won't support IS the reason they are losers
you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump. 
Will be interviewed by on at 7:30 A. M. Enjoy!
good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight. Thank you. 
Wow, I hear has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore. They misrepresent my positions!
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A. M. 
Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
On #MattSchlapp was on the ball amp; #jenniferrubin is in a time warped stupor. will EXPAND #GOP
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A. M. 
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
On show now. ENJOY!
Kellyanne, you were fantastic on today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians can't. will give his all for us!
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!
I am honored that the great men and women of the have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you. 
I am going to keep our jobs in the U. S. , and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! 
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!
Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Governor Rick Perry said Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen. Thank you Rick!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
I will be interviewed on at 7:30 A. M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on and Good Morning America at 7:00 A. M. 
I will be interviewed on at 6:15 A. M. Enjoy!
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
Please correct, I WON Virginia!
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time amp; money
Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to dealing with men who get off the reservation. Actually, she has done poorly with such men!
I will be interviewed on at 7:30 A. M. Enjoy!
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Thank you for the nice comments on today. Great job!
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy and jobs. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The protesters in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
So many false and phony T. V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight who last night endorsed me at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V. P. candidate who failed badly in her own effort
I will be interviewed on the at 7:00 A. M. this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HAPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump, so much. 
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses. 
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up collusion in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I am happy to hear how badly the is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
awesome job on. DonaldTrump has integrity amp; he refuses 2 play the game call Delegate Bribery
#NYPrimary turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive #GOP nominee 
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
Great job and advice on Thank you!
was great on tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Congratulations to on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the today. Amazing job!
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I will be doing the with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy. 7A. M. 
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
Wow, really nice!
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O said such an amazing thing about me!
Look everybody, DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!! #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Your policies will make this state and country great again! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Everybody is In A New York State of Mind now!
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am on at 7:00 A. M. ENJOY!
Kasich only looks O. K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him amp; K
is who we need 2 fix this corrupted, rigged system. 4 no Profit, Under budget amp; ahead of schedule. 
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes I am millions ahead of him so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him. 
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!
I think it's more like 64. #VoteTrumpNY #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruz's core supporters amp; increased support for... Not surprising. 
Dear I'm starting to believe that you're actually going to WIN! #Trump2016 #presidenttrump #primary 
Trump Holds 66 Favorable Rating in New York Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire... 
I will be interviewed on at 9:00 A. M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
I just voted for in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit! Fantastic!
we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him Great!
We love you Donald ! Finally someone who actually cares about us.. !! 
Praying for your family and your win in New York. Thank you!
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Great to be on tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A. M. EASTERN. 
Thanks for Rochester rally. Great people, thank you!
just listened to you on fox. I love you so much. Thank you!
Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential. #TrumpTrain
Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. He'd get 100k amp; own the news cycle
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A. M. Enjoy!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
The purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U. S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart 
let's go Pa he has my vote Go Trump
Rochester loves you! See you tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain A big crowd!
Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people. 
If the GOP screws Trump, his millions will walk from the GOP never to return! They better think long and hard
GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner Trump not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner Sanders. 
is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on April 19. Go out amp; vote. Lets get it done Philadelphia Pa. Make Trump your pick for president now. 
Your tax and economic plans are second to none! Media shld report. 
Poll shows leads among registered Republican women with 44. Thank you!
here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention. Very sad!
The Real Person Of The Year! Wow!
Fugedaboudit!!! The woman in New York love Donald Trump!!! 
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job done! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #trump2016 
Trump will be our best president since Reagan!
Thank you, Mr. Trump, for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN
we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !! Thank you. 
All you haters out there, STOP trashing the only candidate that will put ALL OF YOU amp; AMERICA FIRST #trump
We support you #HaileyPuckett. You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!
HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of amp; I'm a woman! last I checked And Rudy, U R amazing!
Reports are RNC has received 1 million postcards so far! If I get more info on ## I'll post 
Vote trump to save the west. Don't become like Europe - #WakeUpAmerica
Great interview with on regarding path to victory #NewDay #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP!
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign and loving it!
first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?
let's have the policy speeches on immigration, economy, foreign policy, and NATO! 
Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain we can only do that with RT 
Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony
Challenge to all WI gun owners. Vote. The only candidate that will protect your rights! 
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#DonaldTrump is the only guy, I think, that has the will amp; the nerve to attack amp; to fight. 
Something VERY close to my heart. I'm a NAVY VET! I love 's VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS. 
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I don't care about the game, I care about the PEOPLE. And that's exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 IS THE ONLY DEAL !!! 
#WISCONSIN VOTE SMART RECORDS R SEALED.. WHAT IS HE HIDING? SAVE AMERICA W 
is reviewing the week,but majority of the show about cuz there would be 0. 0 ratings if not. Media's a JOKE
I will be on with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
Tune in for our sit-down interview with Republican frontrunner ! 
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U. S. will be rapidly reversed!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
If stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with beat her by millions!
Is it possible for to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD. 
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates Cruz plus 143 delegates Kasich is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growth,which asked me for 1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math. What a dumb group!
Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for 
I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary. Great!
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
How come the amp; show the new Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more voteshundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC. 
Wow, has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs amp; illegal imm!
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak amp; losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If you're for Motherhood, he'll be against it!
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals: 7,546,980; 5,481,737; 2,724,749 A BIG DIFFERENCE
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called leaders ever learn!
We stand by Trump 100 Thank you!
I will be interviewed on at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
#WIPrimary will defeat ISIS and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great! JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women amp; children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive and unfair for the U. S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!
Wow, sleepy eyes is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
I am interviewed on This Week on this morning. Enjoy!
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!
Don't believe the Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election. 
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U. S. , jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq. were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
The media is so after me on women Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMP'S EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE. #WOMEN4TRUMP
Dear , after doing a quick Google amp; Twitter search there are over 15,000 women's groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying. 
Let me help you Trumpophobes with math: Trump: 10. 3B-1. 2M 74' equity1. 2M 858,233. Samp;P: 1314. 5 #Derp
Turns out was wrong. had nothing to do with it 
Your instincts on foreign policy amp; terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined. 
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
#LyingTed blames for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis. 
Wow, just released that 67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
Cruz amp; Rubio are scared! WATCH -gt; 
Europe and the U. S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U. S. I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
They're all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all A dead show
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. is wasting time
T. V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM NO
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
Talkers think about the future, Doers are already building it #VoteTrump2016 
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a hell hole and a mess and the failing wrote a critical article. I was so right!
and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!
It is amazing how gets on so many T. V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly ZERO in his pres run!
thank God is not a politician, but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us, the people. 
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N. A. T. O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
N. A. T. O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
A picture is worth a thousand words #LyingTed #NeverCruz 
Donald Trump will be greater president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for morality,Christianity. 
self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like. Who owns Ted?
You have over 2M followers more than than. This says something about how America feels. #Trump2016 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than 150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G. Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in. No way!
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G. Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame. 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Here's Trump #AIPAC2016 in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch. 
The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you. 
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
Dont worry Trump, They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop
So the highly overrated anchor, , is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roadsdoors during my RALLIES, are never blamed by media? SAD!
Will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy!
Whats 's strategy to secure the GOP nomination? Ill talk to the Republican front-runner. . 
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon. 
TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THAT'S THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US amp; KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!
Wow, ratings are up 75 because it's all Trump, all the time. The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If crazy didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Crazy says I don't won't go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
after tonight it is clear! Utah is #TrumpCountry #Utah #Mormon #UtahPrimary #Utah4Trump 
Check out HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX, AZ 
Honored to be in #Utah with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC
Actually, no , has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day, every show, trashing, negative, hate. 
It's great to see supporters like you along the way... watching Americans come together the past 8 months #voteTrump
1st time I heard #Trump I said wow. I liked him! I then became a closet #Trump fan. Today? He's the ONLY 1 I will vote for!
Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president; We've Endorsed Him, We Believe In Him #Trump2016
Sheriff Joe Arpaio AZ Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United States #AZ #UT 
Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee, what happened to that 30 ceiling
I totally agree! is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who choked and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Club For Growth tried to extort 1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Please explain to the dummies at the Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc. , all 11 of them!
is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!
Editorial says Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551. Trump's is 7,533,692-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16. Apologize
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Crazy is now complaining that did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me. Tough!
Great news that has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
Wow, just won Missouri!
I am making a big speech the night of the debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!: I think can beat HillaryClinton. And I'm looking forward to Trump being president. 
You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
I will be interviewed on at 8:30 A. M. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on at 7:40. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on on at 7:15 A. M. 
Will be interviewed on at 7:00 A. M. Big wins last night!
That's funny, I switched to other media too, can't stand her
I thank God you are on board with to help him and us #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Ty!!
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy is unwatchable. 
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43 but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big amp; over!
If media wasn't so biased against Trump, he would've won all of the delegates. 
is trying so hard to bash it's ridiculous Don't worry, everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!
Hayes is looking depressed as well. 
I tried to give them a shot tonight, but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team. 
She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says. 
Was going to watch for the primary results but saw - looks like #CNN tonight
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false. 
I will bring our jobs back to the U. S. , and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will sing again. 
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford and many others. Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down. 
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.. 
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U. S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
Listening to interview on replay of Savage Nation #GO DONALD TRUMP !!!!! Thanks. 
WOW people are so misinformed on DonaldTrump character! Watch this video! Hillary and Bernie don't come close
I believe that will be the big winner tomorrow. Thank you!
Who started this mess, the protesters of course. And media made it worse. 
The failing is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Gov. Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the 
Ohio Gov. Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
It is repulsive that Trump was assaultedpoliticians used that 2 further themselves2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D. C. No way
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U. S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!
Rumor has it that is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman's 
Let's be clear.. #NeverTrump is about Never someone we don't own You either play into it amp; let them win or vote Trump. 
#Donald Trump is your man America. He is the best!! Vote for him! Thank you!
Wow, you are all correct about - totally biased and disgusting reporting. 
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
I hear came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S. C. poll
The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total #Mediafraud. When you watch, remember!
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
Wishing our father tremendous luck in Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho amp; Hawaii today! Amazing father! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Setup is underway rally in Madison. #MSPrimary Thank you!
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U. S. and protect car industry!
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama twice, ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of 's in false ads!
Lindsey Graham is all over T. V. , much like failed 47 candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous failures have ZERO credibility!
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7 to 0 when he got out. Now nasty!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook amp; Twitter. Watch!
All of the phony T. V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
WASHINGTON VERSUS TRUMP amp;TRUMPS SUPPORTERS... #TRUMPDOG
A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work. #TrumpTrain
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U. S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P. M. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy! 
is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!
Wow, big lines in Kansas. 
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC the format was fine!. 
Mary Kissel is an SNL character, right? She's not a real person, right? #MorningJoe She is a major loser - no clue!
GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT OFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy! 
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
People are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. Not gonna happen #MAGA
teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again. 
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want to go to court. 98 approval rating by students. Easy win
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of Trump
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big R win!
I changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio amp; Cruz. When you see them think of your puppet POLS
The establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off. 
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!
#KenLangone is 100 correct #NeilCavuto. And u and the rest of u #Fox muppets refuse to HEAR HIM. So true!
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
I took Trump University class and saved my home!
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale amp; his no show voting!
The special interests and people who control our politicians puppets are spending 25 million on misleading and fraudulent T. V. ads on me. 
FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds, it's a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio, who needed to win the state. 
Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow. #SuperTuesday
Looks like Rubio won't get any delegates from TX or AL because he didn't meet 20 threshold. 
A nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination for Rubio, says : 
For the record, most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than Trump So true!
Got the endorsement of Brian France and yesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!
My sons, Don and Eric, are on now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!
Rubio was kicking back on his 80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the puppet of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies crossover. I will also get states that no other Republican can get. 
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles. GROWING PARTY
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to hit Trump. I signed the pledge-careful
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble oil, word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida
A lot more water after this bombshell, Rubio. You are an enemy of America. G
It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
anything is better than 
It is a sad commentary little boy Marco Rubio can't win in his home state. Floridians despise him as a opportunist phony. 
Marco 'Amnesty' Rubio is the front man of Amnesty. #AlwaysTrump #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain
GO TRUMP
DonaldTrump is a leader. He is a successful person that, like me, isnt afraid to tell it like it is. Governor 
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar#RogerStone was just banned by - their loss! Tough, loyal guy. 
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!
I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me 200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication!
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!
I unfairly get audited by the I. R. S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
There's only one real candidate, and it's you! Donors control the other candidates! #VoteTrump Thank you. 
I will be on at 8:30 A. M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!
Michigan GOP poll 2242016 Trump 35. 5 Rubio 15. 0 Cruz 14. 3 Kasich 12. 8 Carson 8. 3 Wow!
Trump is a genius. Rubio and Cruz are not. I want a brilliant mind to run this country. 
in contrast to Rubio and Cruz you look like a giant. They look terribly weak Thank you!
Will be at Fort Worth Texas Convention Center at 11:30 A. M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!
yup 200 Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump
Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he can't beat you ! Trump will win Texas !
trump won the debate. Disgusting Rubio said peed - is he still in junior high school. 
Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio easy to get the two politicians confused looked like desperate, panicked DC insiders tonight
that's because you've never hired anyone to do work before favorite line from tonights debate. 
Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides, stayed composed, returned fire and WON!
he won almost all polls and Mark Halperin gave him an A-
Vote Early in the #LoneStarState #SuperTuesday will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Also, all the things Rubioamp;Cruz were using for hits, just petty. Trump, clearly the only one wall the skills. 
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!
hates to see Trump's success when he was so pathetic
Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!
Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! He's not relevant!
Love it! is done. We need someone who is proven. will make America Great Again
Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion amp; energy to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
A vote for or is a vote for corruption, special interests and lobbyists. Trump for POTUS!
Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time #NoLoyalty
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out Poll snd Q Poll. 
That's why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the American people want!
This Texan will be voting Trump March 1st. Cruz is a fake Texan!
Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! 
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!
Why would Texans vote for liar Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
Oh great is doing a on like losing the presidency wasn't enough #Trump2016 He's a fool
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46. When others drop out, I will pick up more. Sad but true
Poll and say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. on is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
Melania will be interviewed by on now 8:30 A. M.. ENJOY!
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL. 
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P. M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My wife Melania will be on tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by - Enjoy!
Great. Just reported on that many people who supported are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didn't!
Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing, in and out. I love amp; invest in Nevada!
Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process amp; gets it right
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past. 
TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE.... HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN, INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT. 
gets it. Was just on explaining how Trump wins the general election. Thank you Ed!
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S. C. figured him out amp; said no!
Ted Cruz does not have the right temperment to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked. 
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S. C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration. 
Ted Cruz said on that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
A big fat hit job on tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. said I would never run, a dope!
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P. M. Eastern conducted by on 
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
I will be on tonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy! #Hannity #Trump2016 
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad. 
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done. 
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out! #Trump2016
No matter what liar sleazeball says about in Tennessee. We have early voting and has won. 
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending 's against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!
FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED! VOTE TRUMP
You really rocked them hard in S. C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S. C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel by far, Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
Nevada we are on our way! #VoteTrumpNV #Trump2016 Caucus locator: 
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
RT : Just back from a dinner in West Hollywood: shocked the majority of the table was voting for Trump but they would never
Thank you South Carolina! 
A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb. 
The failing Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong. Totally biased!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
Thank you for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada. The people of South Carolina got it!
This is the best reaction shot I've ever seen lol #Trump2016 
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE
People pundits gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! HOPE
This veteran just voted in the SC primary, let's make America great again!
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now today, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
All aboard the Trump Train!
I am the only candidate in many years who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and interests totally control all other candidates!
this veteran voted for Trump in TX early voting! 
EVERYBODY ON TWITTER GET OUT TO VOTE FOR TRUMP TODAY IN SOUTH CAROLINA
#SCPrimary is the only one who will protect American interests. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
WHY DOES TED CRUZ LIE SO MUCH? LET'S FACE IT TED NEVER CREATED EVEN 1 JOB HIS ENTIRE LIFE! #WATCH: 
Mr. Trump... BOTH Cruz AND Rubio are ineligible to be POTUS! It's a SLAM DUNK CASE!! Check it! 
is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio. #fairandbalancedmyass He is weak on illegal immigration!
Get out amp; #VoteTrump if you don't #VoteTrump NOTHING will change it's that simple! #VoteTrump 
TheTrump phenomenon summed up: Leadership, Fighter and Winner. Not a Liar 
Lying #Ted Cruz just on election day came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
#SouthCarolina If you want a job next January today. will work for the people. 
I'm a Regan Dem and believe in your message! God bless you and your campaign!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!
Boycott all Apple products until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
Tonight on CNN was GREAT. Loved the intimacy of conversation w the people
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
is changing their theme from fair and balanced to unfair and unbalanced. But dying is worse. Their phony poll is a joke!
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street JournalNBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie. 
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJNBC poll.