UPDATE:  Originally, I gave this hose 5 stars but after using them (I bought 3) for a while, I've changed my opinion. Yes, the hoses appear to be well made and are lighter weight than my old professional grade rubber hoses, but Flexogens are still heavy. These Flexogen hoses DO kink, and they kink easily. The only way to reduce the kinking is to completely unroll the entire 100 feet of hose from the reel, lay it flat on the grund, and then turn and turn and turn (twist/rotate) it until it lays completely flat -- make sure there are no "waves" or loops. I pulled about 50 feet off the hose reel and, holding the end, walked across my yard. I did not stop to twist out the waves and loops that it formed while unrolling. The hose formed 9 kinks! What a pain in the hand, elbow and shoulder to straighten it! This process wastes time.The second problem is after I screw on my hose wand and turn on the water, this hose becomes unwieldy. The hose turns so that my wand is upside down. It requires a LOT of effort to twist the hose and hold it so the wand sprays downward--requires using both hands. Fighting this hose is painful, very tiring and aggravating.When you rewind it onto a hose reel, the hose twists and turns, causing it to again form waves and loops, which become kinks. Again, you have to twist, rotate, etc. to get all the waves/loops out so the hose lays flat and straight on the ground. As you reel it in, you have to stop and repeat the process. My old commercial-grade hose never did anything like this. You can buy the professional/commercial grade hoses (100 ft) at big box stores and clubs for about $25. Don't buy the Flexogen.Due to age and arthritis in my hands, I needed to replace my heavy, rubber commercial-grade garden hoses with lighter weight, easier-to-maneuver hoses. I was barely able to wind the old rubber hoses on the hose reel or drag them around the yard. After reading reviews on Amazon and other places for garden hoses, I chose this hose. I'm glad I did. While it's still heavy, it weighs considerably less than my commercial-grade rubber hose. It's easier to wind on the reel and easier to drag around the yard.The Amazon description calls this a "lightweight" hose. It is NOT  light. It's substantial. I found a local store that  had this hose in 25-, 50- and 75-ft lengths. I was able to lift each and compare to heavy duty hoses of the same length. I couldn't feel much of a difference, so I definitely would call this a medium- to heavy-weight hose (but lighter than my rubber one).This hose is easier to handle than my old rubber ones because it's more flexible. (I suspect that my old hoses have stiffened over the years.)I've only used one (I bought 3 of these) for about 1.5 weeks. It's been too hot, too muggy and too rainy to use it much, but I'm pleased so far. I believe this hose is a very good quality and should last many years. The solid brass fittings are thick so they won't get dents that cause leaks. Because I haven't dragged it around the yard yet, I cannot say whether it really is a "no-kink" hose. I recommend this hose because o the quality. UPDATE:  Kinks Easily & Difficult to Handle
I purchased 6 of these hoses with what was supposed to be a lifetime guarantee. After a short time, the end on one of the hoses started leaking so I contacted the manufacturer and got a replacement. A year later another hose started leaking and I got another replacement. Then another hose started leaking but the company would no longer honor the warranty! Now Gilmour is selling them. But it's the same hose - "Flexogen". The hose itself it actually quite good if you don't mind replacing the hose ends eventually, I've had to replace every end on every Flexogen hose that I have.Keep in mind that I bought hoses from Flexogen but that company no longer exists and Gilmour would not honor the warranty on those hoses even though Gilmour is now selling them. Also note that Flexogen is a patented hose. Lifetime warranty isn't much good when the company gets bought or taken over by another company and the new company (Gilmour) won't honor the warranty. And who wants to have to keep sending in hose parts to get a replacement every year or two.Let me reiterate, Gilmour would not honor the warranty on my Flexogen hoses. I wrote to them multiple times and was told (without explanation) that Gilmour would not replace the defective hoses. If you buy these hoses expecting a lifetime warranty, you may not get it.On the Gilmour website, there is no longer any information relating to Flexogen hose warranty or on how to have a Flexogen hose replaced.  On Amazon, it does say "This heavy-duty garden hose is made in the USA and backed by a lifetime guarantee". It also says Lifetime Guarantee on the front of the hose package. Gilmour is now owned by the Robert Bosch Corp., so probably even less chance of getting a warranty replacement. Not As Good As It Looks!
I am with a very small number of reviewers here that I have to wonder how this silly thing got that many positive reviews. I have a small backyard, but was constantly attacked by mosquitoes everytime I went out. I have no standing water or what so ever. My neighbors might, but this thing is supposed to cover an whole acre.I followed the instruction, hung it a good distance from the porch and let it go. Oh, I also add the flowtron tape that came with the device to the bottom. A few zaps here and there, but nothing spectacular. I left it on out there for a week, and saw no difference. Still got attacked by mosquitoes. Two weeks, same thing. After a month, I gave up and took it down. There is no point to waste electricity. Oh, it served one purpose: light up that corner of the yard some.So, don't waste your hard-earned money on this thing and electricity. I am almost sure you will be disappointed. This thing will go on my next trip to Goodwill. It does nothing - waste of money..
This light is pretty worthless.  It kills lots of moths and other non-biting bugs but didn't put a dent in the mosquito or fly population.  I got this as an alternative to my unreliable SkeeterVac but it does not work and is equally unreliable.  The bulbs blew after 1 season.  Replacement bulbs are $40 each plus shipping.  It takes 2.  That is $90 for 2 bulbs and I only paid $80 for the whole unit.  Thanks but no thanks.Unfortunately, the only thing I've found that actually catches mosquitoes is the propane powered devices.  They are all unreliable too.  Skip the zappers and traps and use deet. Great for killing moths.  Too bad they don't bite.
Currently I hate this thing.  I may need to oil it/adjust it or make some other modifications but it squeaks of metal on metal and cuts about 1/3rd of the grass I pass over with it.  I found a manual mower like this in the yard of the first home I bought and used it for years.  It was better than any mower I've ever owned.  This seems to perform like a cereal box toy imitation of what a manual push mower is supposed to be like.  Pooptastic.  I will update this review if I am able to modify it to actually cut grass, but out of the box it seems to make far too many blade passes per distance traveled to ever perform well.  Also the last model I had had two counter-rotating blades and this only has one rotating in one direction against a stationary blade/block. Currently I hate this thing
I was really looking forward to trying out a reel mower and living a life of maintenance free mowing. It didn't work out. The second time I used it, the grass had gotten a little high, so there was a lot of back and forth action. It took forever, really. I know that this product isn't meant for that, but that was my situation. Anyway, as I was finishing the handle came apart. There are four wingnuts and bolts holding the assembly together, and one on each side had apparently worked their way off while I was mowing without me noticing. The third one came off as I was putting it away and the handle came apart.Yeah, I was putting a lot of stress on it compared to a regular mowing, but that should not have happened. I followed the assembly instructions to the letter. It was really a very simple assembly. I didn't miss any steps or try to do it without reading the instructions, though. I was very disappointed with this product.If you have a flat yard and are going to be able to keep it mowed short without ever letting it get out of hand AT ALL (like leaving town for a couple weeks), this mower may be for you.If you have a sloped, lumpy yard, do not buy this product. Just don't. It is so hard to use. I honestly think I would like it if I had a nice, flat yard, but as it is this thing was worthless to me. Broke on Second Use
Save your money - Use Styrofoam cups with a blend of soils - this was a ridiculous and very expensive attempt at greenhouse gardening ............. Zip results even as used specialized starting soil as recommended
I read the other reviewers who had similar problems before I bought this.  I also read the reviews raving about this hose.  Since these hoses are maid from remnants; I suppose its a matter of luck as to which hose you get.  My luck wasn't good.  The hose had permanent kinks and the vinyl skin had bubbles where it was separating from the hose.Returned it immediately. Kinked hose with vinyl separating - Returned!
This grill has one major flaw.....surprised it is still being sold due to product liability. The utterly inadequate ash/ember pan allows a mild breeze to blow the ash and embers out onto flamable surfaces...like your deck, your pine straw, or house. For an extra 50 bucks you can get an upgraded model that has an enclosed ash/ember containment system. If you live in areas prone to dryness or wildfires, you could be taking a big chance with this unsafe grill. I love the way a Weber cooks, but this model is needlessly risky.  And if you have one of these grills,  take precautions like putting a metal bucket under this grill. A paint can works nicely and you can buy clean empty paint cans at Lowes. This will help reduce the fire risk and will keep ash from blowing around wildly.....it also makes getting rid of ash an easy task. If you value the property you live in, or think you owe your neighbors some due diligence, avoid this flame thrower. Big, Big, Fire Hazard...go for model with enclosed ash catcher
The coons steal the bait from this trap at will. I've had to re-engineer the trigger to even trip as a bowling ball rolled into it wouldn't engage the trip at first. They advise putting bait past trip plate, but the coons just reach through the mesh and get the bait, another serious design flaw. There are traps that work, this just in NOT one of those. Save your money! Useless trap, horrible design
Yes, these are way easier to open. I have a near phobia about things that snap..especially mouse traps. I can not, physically it is impossible for me to open an old board/metal mouse trap. I know, weird, but it just freaks me out! So, I got these and was so excited! We keep our dog food in the garage and pet food draws mice. Every spring/fall we get them in the food or the garage itself. So I tried these traps. Lots of them. I go for total overkill (pun intended) when it comes to killing anything lower than my ankles! Well, these do NOT kill anything. They spent weeks with nothing in them. But the old mouse traps (my hubby sets them) had about one every few days. He just reset his and laughed at my 'old lady' traps. Sigh. I know these look great, and they are super easy to use, but they will not kill anything. I have now read the other reviews and have no idea how anyone could give these a positive review. Also, the thought of having a LIVE mouse to deal with? What a gross, awful, torturous hassle. No thanks. Hope this helps! Absolute JUNK. Stick with the old traps.
I purchased these refills at the same time that I purchased the flea trap. There are no fleas in this area who are willing to step on these sticky discs. As a result, the flea trap is of no use to me. These refills are of no use to me as well  and that is why I can give only one star. They cost only $5.76 which is too small an amount to consider returning this item. I plan to offer the flea trap and the refills on the local freecycle website in case there is someone who has a flea problem and wants to try this option. Useless To Me
The pruner will not release easily if you grab hold of a branch a little too thick, and at five feet away it's not always the easiest thing to do to notice if that branch is an 1/8th inch too thick.  As a result, it broke on the second day.  Amazon replaced with another, which broke due to same issue, but this time was too late to return.  I bought another, more expensive one that I am happy with and I would recommend it to anyone else: ARS LA-180ZR203 4-to-7-Feet Long Reach Pruner Two different ones broke
I have a large piece of property in Arizona that requires the removal of bushes from time to time and I figured this looked like the perfect tool to cut the main trunk/branches of a dessert bush; NOT!!!!!It was worth a try, but it is clumsy and will not cut through most of the fibrous shoots of a typical desert bush. I am back to the pick and spade.I have many tools for tree limbs that do a much better job than this.I'll give it to my brother.  :>)Note: My rating is strictly for the said application. Not for bushes
I have been doing yard work for 40 years, so I am no "backyard rookie".  This pruner fell apart the very first time I used it. The "PowerGear" fell off and couldn't be reattached firmly to the pruner. I have used other Fiskar products many times and had normal expectations confirmed.Despite what a few other reviewers might say, everyone has the right to state accurate facts about a faulty product. Poor products deserve bad reviews, both to inform the manufacturer and to warn prospective purchasers about problems encountered. Amazon expects no less.I have processed the return package to send it back to Amazon and will try another unit. That said, I reserve the right to change my opinion should the second unit function properly. Interesting Concept--Bad Execution
This would have been a zero star review if I could have done that.  Yellowjackets would fly around it but would not enter.  After three weeks I tried to return and Amazon didn't even want the POS returned, just gave me a credit.  I guess not having to return it is worth one star. Useless - They Didn't Even Want It Back
Don't waste your time or money on this peace of pretty plastic.  Using the bait that came with it and the bait refills I bought extra, it never trapped one yellow jacket in an area well populated with the little pests.  Save your money and get a good fly swatter and some spray for the nests. At total waste of money
We had hundreds of wasps in our tree so I ordered one of these, followed the instructions and waited for the massacre.  NOT ONE DEAD WASP after 3 weeks of use.  I changed bait for 3 more weeks, nothing. I changed bait again and still nothing after another month.  I half expected the wasps to build a nest around it. Bah, annoying. No dead wasps :(
I have a time to time yellow jacket problem where I live so I bought a yellow jacket trap and this bate to help with the problem.  I followed the instructions and hung it in an area well populated with yellow jackets.  I left it there for weeks and it never trapped one yellow jacket.  Yesterday I took it down and threw it in the trash.  Waste of money. Save your money
I know the difference between yellow jackets, honey bees, bumble bees, paper wasps, and bald faced hornets.  It was yellow jackets that were harassing my hummingbirds at the feeder. With the originally supplied attractant I caught no yellow jackets in this trap.  With Dr. Pepper I caught one in a week.  Another bait might have worked better but the Rescue reusable trap with apple juice worked somewhat so I stopped using the one-time use trap. Almost Worthless
I am guessing the 'attractant' used in these traps is derived from poop.WORD TO THE SQUEAMISH- this bag will be FULL OF FLIES, and the whole thing will be pulsing from the dying wing-beats of the hundreds (thousands?) of flies inside the bag. It is NOT for the faint of heart.YUCK. It's giving me the shivers just to look at the picture.Flies are gross, a clear bag full of horse poop smell and dying/dead flies is worse!Find a different solution. smells like horse dung
When I received this product, the bolt to tighten the baffler was not the correct size so I called the manufacturer. They were quick to respond and sent me a second whole bird feeder. The issue with the second one is that it was missing all of the hardware. Since I received this as part of the Vine program, I was not going to waste any more of my time trying to get this manufacturer to ship out the correct parts.We gerryrigged the baffler, but it makes removing it to put more seed in very laborious. So far after 2 weeks no birds. It does take awhile to get birds to a new feeder.Why the one star? Too expensive and the manufacturer has obvious problems with packaging. Not worth the time and money. Buy something for less money. A hint on keeping squirrels away from feeders is to remove any from areas where squirrels can jump to. We have six feeders and no squirrels. Now deer are another thing altogether! Not Worth the Money!
Issues with the feeder:-the nut that is to secure the top hook to the cover is tiny in size and ill fitted to the size of the hook.  It was impossible to secure it, and thus the top wobbles a bit.-tube plastic, part holding the seeds, is a bit thin.  It has to be squeezed slightly in order for the 2 prongs that hold the top on to be inserted, which gives me concern it will not hold up well in windy conditions.-seeds (1/4 to 1/2 cup) fall out of the bottom when filling the container and/or anytime the feeder is set on a solid surface.-bottom portion wiggles around the tube, seems way to loose, maybe that is why so many seeds fall out.-It does hold a lot of seeds, but the rather flimsy construction and materials gives me pause for concern. Especially considering the entire thing is held together by 2 tiny prongs, one in each side of the tube top.observation:-only very small birds have room to land on the tiny perches-the holes to feed from are very small, and there is a gap between the opening and where the seeds actually are, so again, only a small bird head will fit inside the hole to reach the seeds.Opinion:For the price, currently $73 on Amazon, there are better, more sturdy options. I have and currently use several cheaper and better feeders than this one.**Edit Oct 3, 2013 -- So after only a few weeks, I had to take down the feeder as the bottom was falling out.  And changing the rating from 2 stars to 1. not the best
All of the reviews criticizing the design are correct. The link between the bottle and the suction cup assembly is fatally flawed. On the feeder I received, the glass blob and the runners on the suction cup frame fit together so tightly that there's no way to get the feeder off the frame when it's stuck to a window. Once it's on the window you have to wrestle the entire assembly off to refill, and then go through the tortuous process of remounting the suction cups. Good news/bad news - the feeder is so cheap that it's not worth paying the postage to send it back. Despite the much higher cost, I think the only maker of hummingbird feeders worth buying is Aspects. Hopelessly badly designed
This arrived on the 19th and I started using it the last week of Feb. It is now March 4th and it has stopped working. No, it is not the light bulb, I changing it  a few times and still nada. So about 7 - 10 days use and it is broken already. Total waste of money. Already stopped working after a few weeks
The only thing in this that should be there is sugar. The rest is stuff you shouldn't be adding to your feathered friends diet. This stuff is also three times the price of baker's sugar from any old grocery store, four times the price of regular granulated sugar that takes a little longer to dissolve. This is a bad buy, bad for the birds and bad for your pocket. Don't risk the birds and waste your money
I picked up some of this  mix last summer at a local agricultural center.  It's an old brand that is easy to find, and the price was right.  My first outing with it last summer was a total bust.  I mean I mixed the stuff, put it out in two nice clean feeders and saw nothing get attracted to it but ants and bees.  If any hummingbirds did bother to stop by and sample it, they were obviously disappointed for they never came back.  Personally I never eyed a single one hovering over it.  At first I thought that I may have gotten started with feeding them too late. I live in New England where we only get one species of hummer that comes this far north, (the ruby throated).  It's important to get your feeders up in early spring and then they will find it and remain loyal to you.  But this spring I was johnny on the spot with the feeders and the same no show was going on.  I decided to try another brand of mix after this last outing.  (I know you can make it at home easier and cheaper, but just not worth the mess and trouble to me. Just my opinion, but its stands).  I decided to try the Mills Brothers nectar after reading the positive reviews for it here on Amazon.  Within just a week of flushing the old feeders and putting in the Mills brand, I had two dedicated hummers dining regularly at my troth.  I love it. It's definitely a little pricier than this mix, but well worth it, trust me.  I don't really know if any other brand or home made mix would do the same trick as the Mills, but I don't really care.  I found something that's reasonably priced, easy to use, and the hummers love it so I am sticking with it.  In conclusion, I don't bother to get involved in the debate about this Perky Pet stuff being junk food or bad for the hummers.  Personally I think that a lot of folks get a little too excited and go overboard with the panic over additives and colorings etc.  My main disappointment and concern with this stuff is strictly limited to the hummers not liking it.  It may have something to do with my dismal results being that I am forced to only deal with one species of hummer here, but the end result is that this Perky Pet mix has been a complete failure for me, and the Mills Brothers a hit even this early on in the season. I have left a link to the Mills brand, and my recommendation is that you skip this stuff and go for what seems to really work...Mills Brothers Hummingbird Food 3-Ounce Packet, 3-Pack No Flocks Of A Feather...
There is no reason for the manufacturer to put red food coloring into this mix. There are numerous concerns about the effect on hummingbirds.  This is reason enough to not buy this product.  Buy a product without the dye.Better yet, just buy sugar.  Use 4 parts water and 1 part sugar.  Boil the water first and then add the sugar until dissolved.  You will save money and perhaps a hummingbird's life doing this versus buying dye tainted food.  Hummingbird food is only sugar with coloring.CAUTION.  DO NOT use artificial sweeteners or honey, use only sugar.  Honey and sugar substitutes will malnourish and quickly kill hummingbirds.  Sugar Only! Why the dye?
Hummingbirds are wonderful.  They're amazing, unique birds, but you don't need to buy anything expensive to draw them to your yard.If you want a feeder, try this one:Perky-Pet Glass 8-Ounce Hummingbird Feederor something similar.  I've used this type for years and you can't beat the fact that it's glass, and that you can buy new bee guards.  (They get moldy.  Don't bleach...replace.You can get a good feeder for about ten bucks and it will last for years.As far as food, you can do two things.  Plant plants that hummers and butterflies and bees like; or buy a gallon of distilled water and some quality sugar.  You don't need red dye, and shouldn't use it.  It's bad for the Hummers.I was going to send a Feeder to my nieces, and when I looked at this product I was appalled to find that Perky Pet is still producing such a formula.  Their bad.It's cheap to have hummingbirds.  And easy to make your own hummer-chow.  Don't buy this. Don't Use Dyes
I love Perky-Pet feeders, but they should be ashamed of themselves for selling this. They do not need artificial anything, especially food coloring! All you need to do is bring 4 parts water to a boil, and 1 part white sugar, let boil a couple of minutes and let it cool. If you are too lazy to do this, you shouldn't be feeding hummers. It only takes a few minutes, and you can make more and store it in the fridge for up to 2 weeks. Hummingbirds also get their nutrition from real flower nectar, and small insects. Don't buy this junk!
Big and floppy, When you tighten them it feels like you cut off the blood or they fall down off the knees. floppy
I wore these twice and they skinned the .... out of my knees. Yes, I had the straps adjusted correctly. Won't use them again. Use a kneeling pad instead!The kneeling pad has worked beautifully! No more skinning my knees. Lousy!!!
This does not appear to attract more mosquitos than the light does by itself. The chemical is toxic to touch per the package warnings and it's not easy to get the cartidges into the light as instructed. Save your money....not worth the hassel. No noticeable difference
Using these in Japan. I have used them previously in Canada. They were sent to me by family since I wouldn't have purchased them again. In my case at least, Octenol seemed to reduce the kill rate...at least the number of zaps I hear throughout the day and night. It was the same back in Canada, at least the kill rate wasn't any better with the cartridges. The other down side to these (if they do have any effect) is that it's highly dependent on the direction and force of the wind. If the mosquitos' hiding/breeding area is downwind of these then great...if not, then what? Given the massive and ongoing cost of these...I would just hang another zapper. I'd be willing to bet that would be MUCH more effective. No difference....seemed to REDUCE the kill rate.
I was having a problem with a groundhog that was loving some of my cabbage plants to death (literally). He ate three to complete stumps in two days and was working on his next one when I got this in the mail.I anxiously set it up and learned much about it in the process. I see most of the people here praising it for getting rid of deer, and it may work well for that because they are large targets. It also does disturb smaller varmints but not in the way I expected.Thie product is very difficult to review because while it works somewhat,  a 60 dollar product is not necessary for smaller, less intelligent and less numerous pests.  It is probably great for an area infested with pests though, hundreds of deer or tons of groundhogs, but something much simpler could be used in your average garden setting.The idea of the product is cute and simple enough. It is a motion sensor attached to a sprinkler. If the Scarecrow sees anything that moves, it fires the sprinkler off for about five seconds. It then waits 8 seconds and repeats.The problem is that with smaller varmints, they can hide behind the plants, and when the Scarecrow is aimed low, every plant movement (breeze blowing a cucumber leaf) sets it off unless you turn the sensitivity down so far that it won't go even off with you dancing in front of it.When set to scare away smaller pests, this device falses constantly on plant movement and only sees the varmints if they are totally exposed in front of it, which rarely happens in my garden jungle. The motion sensor concept doesn't work well because everything moves in the garden including the plants. It has a false detector that suppoesdly automatically shuts down the sensitivity if it is falsing too much. It doesn't work well. We have watched the Scarecrow go off every 10 seconds for an hour non-stop with nothing in front of it but plants moving in a very light breeze.The good thing, and the dichotomy for me, is it appeared to get rid of the pest. We have not seen the groundhog since and my few cabbages left are doing OK. So for that, I wanted to give it a much better rating than I otherwise would. The sprinkler does appear to scare away most animals, but it cost me $60 to save $10 worth of cabbage.Cats, dogs, groundhogs, squirrels, rabbits, etc. appear to be driven away by it. And the battery has lasted several weeks. I just can't give it anything but one star because it doesn't work the way it claims and is very expensive for the average Joe. The device works more like a random sprinkler shooting water at random time intervals depending on the breeze.A better product, and one that is actually affordable, would be one you set up that randomly fires a sprinkler every few minutes.  It would be much cheaper and just as effective.  You may be able to recreate it with a timing device that runs on a battery and a $7.00 sprinkler, or just a generic timed sprinkler you use when you notice a pest is bugging your plants. But if you have tons of deer, then this may be your only viable solution short of a major fence or wall.There is another reason the product is very annoying. You have to have it hooked up to the hose all the time. I have to have a hose reeled out across my lawn at all times to reach the garden from the water faucet on my house. It is in the way much of the time, so has to be moved about all the time for family gatherings, lawn mowing, kids want to play in yard etc. But I did discover an alternate use!! Kids love running in front of the Scarecrow. :-) OK, now would you pay $60 to entertain your kids?  OK, so sell it as that.  Much more useful for that purpose.If marketed as a garden tool, the motion sensor should possibly be a heat sensor or something that can discern better between mammalian presence and a leaf in the wind. The sprinkler is little more than a cheap lawn sprinkler attachment. I am very torn in my rating because here is a device that basically did what I wanted it to do, scared away a varmint eating my plants. It has a major cool factor and is a fun conversation piece loved by the kids. But it falses constantly and is difficult to deal with unless you want to run an underground hose to it and it is expensive.I am giving it one star because it works, kind of, but it is not what it advertises itself to be.  A motion sensor cannot work in a dense garden for small animals.BUT YOUR KIDS WILL LOVE IT!  This would get 5 stars as a kids' toy!!  So maybe as a combinational use product it gets more stars? KIDS LOVE THIS THING!!  5 Star Kids Toy!!
I added teflon to the water connections,  and still leaked but the sensor would not work with the water on.  Dry test worked fine i would hear the click.  But once I added the water and did nothing.  My home is a 1990s house with great water pressure and this device was just terrible.  I also tried the havahart water auto sprinkler and both are great in theory but are terrible on real conditions. Not Great
I don't own these but saw them at a flea market. No question in my mind why they were up for sale (but should have gone in the trash IMO!) My friend discovered -- the hard way! -- that these deliver a VERY unpleasant shock if touched to human skin! Mind you, this friend is a large manly guy, not easily affected, yet he howled and dropped it! So you can imagine the jolt of voltage that must have been involved here! I would not want my children in the same room with these devices, nor my father with his pacemaker, or even my pets to inadvertantly come in contact with the live zapper screen. What were they thinking!?!?!? UNSAFE! If I could give them zero stars I would!
This is the cheapest made product I've ever owned.  To insert the 2 batteries, there is no flap that you open.  You have to take the whole handle apart with a screwdriver, then the circuit board falls out and the 2 switches fall out to the floor.  Insert the batteries, put circuit board and switches back in, insert each tiny tiny screw and the nut (3 each), hoping the screw doesn't fall out while you're holding the nut.  Are you kidding?  I'm returning this, because I don't want to go through this each time i need to change the batteries.  I just bought another one that uses 2 D size batteries, you just insert the batteries into the flip open compartment in the handle. Junk
I bought this product along with composter (compost wizard jr. 7 cubic foot compost tumbler). First, I examined the box trying to find ingredients, none of them was listed, so who knows what it is. It made me feel uncomfortable, because I do not know if it is there natural ingredient or some kind of chemical. Also, I would like to do some research on this product if it really works or not, but since there is no disclosure of ingredients, you stuck to "take their word for it". Plus, what if you have an allergy for it, but since their no information what inside; it can be a simple dust as far as I know.Second, I followed the directions and added this mystery chemical into my compost. I do not think it made a difference at all. My composter does its job with or without it just fine, it is black and generates a lot of heat, I water it or add greens to keep it moist, and turn it weekly. Did not feel any speed up whatsoever. Nature and composter do what they supposed to do without this gimmick. Don't waste your money!!.To speed up the composting and introduce viable bacteria, I added (as book on composting recommended) about a gallon of already made compost which already contains all the necessary bacteria and organisms, so they can start working on new pile of compost. Another sales gimmick
Besides the cost of propane and attractant cartridges you have to buy about every 21 days, you need to figure in the cost of using 1 of the CO2 Quick-clean cartridges at each tank refill, at a cost of about $4 each. Depending on what you pay for the propane, attractant and CO2 cartridges, it sums up to a cost of $20 around or more at each tank refill. Since you have to refill the propane tank, replace the attractant and use the Quick-clean every 21 days, this adds up to an operating cost of over $400 per year! I'm posting this because it is something you may need to budget for and should seriously consider before buying. Expensive to run.
It worked great for one season but when I went to start it up for this season it wouldn't start. I did everything the manual and website said to do when I put it away last fall and did everything the manual and website said to start it up this spring, including wasting three of the "clean out" cartridges and it still doesn't work. Plan on buying a new one every year if this is the one you choose.  Their tech support does not answer emails and the wait for them to answer the phone is nearly endless.Bottom line: avoid this product. The others are right
This product is a waste of money.  It will only last for one season and its' effetiveness was minimal.  Two other folks on the street bought one as well and had the same experience.  After mine stopped working (the first time), customer service was marginal at best.  I live in the south and I got a little desperate to solve the misquito problem.  Save your money and buy more cans of bugs spray. Stand in your backyard and swat flies... it would be more effective
One of the costliest mistakes I ever made was purchasing this device (actually two of them!) to control mosquitoes in the yard.  Yes, it caught mosquitoes, but it did not eliminate the problem; the yard was still a mosquito zone despite two operating machines.  The problem was that while the machine does catch mosquitoes, it does not catch enough of them to make a serious dent in the overall population.  It was not until I sprayed the yard with Cutter Bug-Free BackyardCutter Bug Free Backyard 32 oz Ready-to-Spray Hose End Insect Repellent Concentrate HG-61067, that I finally got rid of the mosquitoes.I did not like this product for many reasons:  it had a high initial cost, it required replacing the Octenol attractant (more $$), and the propane tank needed refilling about every 3-4 weeks (more $$).  In addition, it needs an electrical cord plug-in nearby, and one has to replace the mosquito catch nets (more $$).  Basically, it costs too much to operate, takes too much on-going maintenence time and effort, and most importantly, it did not eliminate the pesky mosquitoes!  So now I have two of these things taking up space in my shed.  I will not sell the devices because they simply do not work to control mosquitoes.  They will be future landfill items.Save your hard-earned dollars and avoid this product and its clones.  Use the Cutter Bug-Free Backyard spray instead.konedog A Colossal DUD at Mosquito Control
Expensive hunk of junk.  Orig. purchase date Nov. 2006, after the first one we'd bought quit working just a little after the warranty period ended.  The 'head' on this Defender has been repaired three times and replaced twice.  If you get a replacement head from them, there is no additional warranty past your original purchase date (even though they sent you a new one!).  Save your money for something else.  Ours is dead again.  We purchased an inexpensive replacement plan through Amazon, but we're done with the Defender-we're throwing it away. The bad reviews echoed
I bought these last fall thinking they'd be great to trim the grass along the walk way. I don't remember using them at all last year; today I pulled them out of the storage space in the garage and discovered the blades refuse to close together.  They stay open about an inch and a half!  There is no way to adjust the closure space so I guess I just paid for a piece of junk. Too bad, the other Fiskar products we have are great. They missed to boat on this one and need to go back to the drawing board. These Are Junk
I thought I liked the idea at first and am glad I waited to write a review because when we first got it we were so excited and could not wait to put them in everything until two birds ended up dead and we have more Mosquitos then we know what to do with!We do NOT recommend this to anyone unless you don't care about nature and other living beings!  Also if you enjoy getting bit all the time by all means buy this , but I would never again and I had to drop it off at our neighborhood program which we call STOP program which stands for Stop throwing out pollutants because we found out you cannot throw it in your regular garbage cause it is considered a poison!Terrible product! Summit 20 Pack Mosquito Dunk
After testing 4 areas of soil and a couple of control tests, none of these test results could be trusted.1. Tested lemon juice fresh from a lemon: pH read "6"... when it should have been the lowest value on the chart or more (pH of nearly 2 is lemon, so these tests give unreliably "alkaline" results). The purified water test also came out "alkaline".  All of the yard samples also came up as the most alkaline result, 7.5.2. Tested freshly decomposed manure compost exactly to the package directions: none of the K, P, or N tests reacted at all after 10 minutes, 20, 30... or even 24 hours later. Manure compost should at least read "adequate" for nitrogen! None of the soil samples from the yard reacted either, so the indicating agent in the capsules is useless.So, all in all, it was a tremendous waste of money and time. 3/4 tests were useless, 4th was suspect
No way does this product perform as promised.  And what a waste of time it was trying to make it work!I don't think this company considered all the possible railing configurations before making its claims.We have a wooden railing on our deck.  At the top of the rail, one 2x4 is on end and it is topped by a 2x4 laying flat.  Any which way we tried it, it did not hold, would not grip the railing and kept falling forward. The screws are on the bottom of the L-shaped arms that are supposed to hug the railing.  How in the world are you supposed to tighten them when they are facing the railing?  Only if you assemble it OFF the railing; then you can't get it ON the railing.(I think I got all the parts:  I received the basket, two L-shaped arms, six flat-head screws and six plastic cap nuts.) Does not work on a 2x4 railing
I have a few B&D; 18volt tools and I decided to buy a weed whacker and this electric broom.  I was in for a surprise.The weed whacker works great and the battery lasts for ever...as an FYI!I charged the battery the day I received it...a full charge of about 18 hours..to be on the safe side.  Put the battery in and went on to do my cleaning around the deck etc....  Yes there was air...it was OK..but not enough to sweep much.  15 minutes later it went to half power, and 10 minutes later it DIED.My first reaction - the battery is bad, lets try a different one and if that is the case I can call B&D; for a warranty replacement.  NOT the case...all batteries in this thing died in less then 30 minutes and thus this is useless for me.Other B&D; 18volt tools, including the weed whacker work for 45 minutes plus and usually have full power for the first 30 minutes.Sorry B&D; but this is useless, IMHO.  1/5 Weak, battery hog, and all around useless tool!
Plastic bag with a few metal rings.  Within a few weeks the metal had pushed through the plastic edges so water would just run out the sides.  The metal also started to rust and the whole thing looks as classy as a bag of trash hanging on a hook.  If this was free, you would still not want it.  Get a pot and a tomato cage. ;) Junk
I ordered three of the Topsy Turvy Upside-down Tomato Planters last spring for the summer of 2006, thinking it would be great for saving space in my small garden area.  I ordered it and had my husband install hooks on our south-facing back patio.  When they arrived, I inserted the plants just as described and filled them with the best possible bagged soil I could find.  Not only did they not grow any better than the traditional ground method, but it was too heavy for me to lift up to the hooks.  My husband (operates heavy equipment for a living and very strong) even had difficulty doing the lifting once they were filled with soil, both when they were installed and then again when they were taken down in October, with our first frost. If you are not strong enough to lift 50-100 lbs, don't purchase. Considering the trouble I had with this product, I would not purchase this item again, and would recommend that if you have any disabilities as I have or are elderly, try the traditional method. I'm thinking about having my husband build me some small raised beds about 2 feet off the ground! If you are NOT able to lift 50-100 lbs, don't purchase!
Now im a green thumbaholic when it comes to trying anything new in the gardening world. I love the feeling i get when i literally cant wait to open the box and try it out and see the results... Nothing was different when it comes to this topsy turvy. I bought two for my mom and one for myself to test different varieties of tomatoes. Well to make it short, the harvest was embarrassing. I had a crimson cushion in both mine and my mothers plus one in a 1 gallon and one in a 3 gallon pot for the ultimate test of durability, watering, nutes, and overall yield per plant. Well the 3 gallon performed the best, giving me way more than 5 pounds of tomatoes easily every couple weeks. The topsy turvey even underperformed the 1 gallon and thats hard to do. These crimson cushions are HUGE and PLUMP, almost as big but not as dense as a beefsteak and in the T.T. they looked like cherry tomatoes, the color was , flavor was missing, and most of all the beauty of the plant just wasnt there. Great idea gone bad since this a path off of vertical growing. Vertical can get you 10 x the yield of any ordinary plant in any size container, but this is not as good of an idea as originally thought up. Hope this helps, stick to nature and dig a hole, dont have one than buy a 3 gallon pot and reap the benefits. One love my friends Buy a pot or plant in ground,
This kneeling cushion was used for the sole purpose of gardening. The foam may be water resistant, but it is not very thick and your knees can feel the sticks underneath it. The foam does not have a protective coating like other kneeling pads I have used, and therefore it takes the shape of whatever it is sitting on (for instance your knees and sticks below your pad). The kneeling pad could be improved for gardening; therefore, I would not recommend this product for gardening. Kneeling Cushion not worth the money
A baby red squirrel...well....this is his dream buffet...attaching photos! I will attach 5 photos as proof...He's a cutie and he is very photogenic! I bought three of these. Scroll down to Customer photos the last 5 photos are mine... It's a very cute squirrel but to call this squirrel proof is totally FALSE! False advertising I am Requesting a Title/Name change for this product!
I only had to keep this for one day to realize that it had a manufacturing defect which may or may not be evident on others.The cutting blade only has a washer on one side.  When you try to cut something as large as 2&#34; the blade will bend to the sideand cut into the stop.  Bad deal.  I returned it for a friskas which I am happy with. possibly defective
Purchased 4 of these feeders and one of them leaked profusly right away. Sent it back and Amazon replaced it with another one that also leaked. Since then, the other three started leaking also. Don't know if I can still return the entire batch since it has been a couple of months, but I am going to try. I had these same feeders in the past and they lasted several years. Somebody "improved" them.Update: I contacted the manufacturer direct since the Amazon return policy is only good for 30 days and they replaced all four feeders with no hassel whatsoever. Havn't received them yet, so I don't know how these will perform. leaky
Although I have come to the conclusion that where a product is made is no important to me (it is made in China), I am giving this bird-feeder four stars because it is well-made and very attractive. It looks just like a barn on my daughter's farm. It is red, has a weathervane on top, windows and a metal roof. It is supposed to be a deterrent for squirrels who sit on the bar because they weigh too much. Our backyard squirrels hang upside down on the post and get into anything, but so far they  have not been attracted to this feeder. I have the old feeder up in the backyard and the birds loved it. It is just blue and clear plastic- we stopped putting birdseed in it when the new Perky-Pet Country House feeder arrived. It has been up for six-days and today is the first day that I was able to observe a sparrow actually eating seeds from it.  Apparently, the birds are taking their sweet time in adjusting to their new source of bird food.  We feed our squirrels peanuts I buy by the sack and because we gave a resident feral cat who is blind and old, we also get a possum and very big raccoon coming to our back-door to eat cat food and drink fresh water. This bird-feeder is an attractive addition to our small back yard and I trust that in time our usual back yard birds (Cardinals, Finches, etc.)  will return. The Mourning Doves eat the seed that falls to the ground and since there hasn't been that much activity at the new red feeder, they too aren't visiting us too frequently. I am giving them all time to adjust to their new food source.Well, here is an update: after using this bird house for approximately two months, it has broken. The metal rod that holds the rooster on top (this secures the top of the opening where seeds are poured into) has vanished. This morning I found the roof of the birdhouse on the ground and cannot find the rest of the pieces anywhere. Perhaps an outraged squirrel or large bird came along and broke it to get at the seeds inside. I now would recommend that you do not buy this bird feeder unless you just want it for decoration. Attractive large capacity bird feeder-broke quickly
As a few others have posted, in here, the quality control on this Chinese unit is poor.  The wiring on my unit was reversed.  Once I set things right, the unit worked correctly for about four months before complete failure.  My battery died in the bargain, due to the unit failure that allowed my battery to drain completely with no load on it except this unit and the solar panel.  I'll try one more and then update this review.  Update:  I just ordered: KINTREX SPC0601 Solar Charge Controller - 7Amp, 100 Watt,...  At just $10, on this site, it's a far better deal and has an extra indicator light for low charge condition.  The connectors should mate up perfectly if the pictures are accurate. As far as the reversed wiring goes, in all electrical applications with connectors, an exposed contact is normally the ground, coming from a power source.  The hot side is recessed and/or shielded to keep you from grabbing it and then a grounded object or contact, which would result in a shock.  This scheme is reversed, obviously, in the non-powered side of the circuit, ie., the thing you're sending the power to that mates with the connection just described.  When I called Sunforce's rep, in Canada, and spoke with him, he denied knowledge of any other incidents of reversed wiring.  That's really curious, as others have posted about the reversals, as I mentioned, above. UPDATE: 4/2011- The Kintrex unit works flawlessly.  You are well-advised to go with it and leave the reviewed unit, as above, alone.  It costs much more and is inferior. Wiring was reversed!
Experiments have shown that BPA is harmful to animals with negative impacts on functions including development, metabolism, reproductive activity and many more (E.g., see Science Daily "Harmful effects of bisphenol A demonstrated experimentally", January 22, 2013, or Google for a very long list of other articles. The danger of BPA has pretty well become common knowledge at this point and doesn't seem to be disputed.)I emailed Aspects to ask if this feeder contains BPA because it was not clear that it did not. I received a reply from Carol that Aspects does use BPA in this and all their other polycarbonate feeders. She also said they have no current intent to make a BPA-free feeder. Let's encourage them to change that stance!I think it goes without saying that we should not be feeding our beautiful wildlife chemicals that harm them if we care about them as much as we like to think we do. Even if one isn't concerned about the first generation of hummingbirds, consider the likely possibility that the chemicals are also transferred to offspring during gestation and may accumulate through generations. Furthermore, consider the food chain and the general fact that we're putting these chemicals out in our environment.Nalgene and other companies have removed BPA from their plastics and still make very strong and aesthetic plastics without it. This feeder has many _great_ properties, but it's not the only feeder with them; personally I will buy alternatives until Aspects decides to make a BPA-free hummingbird feeder to purchase one of theirs. I would love to see them do so. Made with bisphenol A (BPA) a chemical known to harm reproductive ability, development, and metabolism in animals
Before ordering, I was afraid of having a cheap plastic bearing inside.  No where in the internet, including manufacturer's web site, I could check the spec on this part, nor anyone of reviewers commented on the type of ball inside.  This one does incorporates metal ball bearing, but have a similar characteristics as $0.99 plastic part, badly leaking water at the joint.  Time wasted to make it function like a simple shut-off valve, in order to save time required on returning, just priceless.  Now, I understand why unusually high number of negative feedback on this junk.  Over last few years, we have become so acquainted to junk imported from China, it's just amazing how some users will tolerate badly designed and manufactured pats.I had no idea that designing a water shut-off valve was such a difficult task, that requires a special skill.  It's made to leak, no matter how much connector is tightened.  I thought Gilmour was a reputable American manufacturer, and I'm totally off.  Do engineers at Gilmore check the prototype before sending its design to full production, or do marketing people actually check if it's viable product?  Please do not write reviews without thoroughly checking them first, or post phony reviews your untruthful reviews are wasting other people's valuable time. Piece of Junk
This would be a great timer. It is easy to set. Keeps the settings when you change batteries. Resists water. Allows manual override and lets you remove the timer from the valve to program. The big problem that it shares with most of these timers is lack of reliability. Mine stopped working within a week. The company was very easy to deal with and offered to ship a new one next day but I need a timer now or my plants will die so I will return it to Amazon. Great device but lasted only a week.
Granted, out of the box this API water agitator doesn't look like much. Packaged with (3) metal legs, (4) rubber anchors and (1) metal agitator, set up takes seconds. I slapped in two D cell batteries (not included) and placed this unit into our bird bath. I like the fact that no wiring is required. It is quiet. The continuous agitation does repel mosquitoes. There is a rubber gasket in place to prevent water seepage into the motor housing. Trust me it doesn't work.I'm not a big fan of the snap in metal legs. The legs have fallen out of their slots on more then one occasion. I get about three months juice before its time to replace the batteries. I add algaecide to aid in keeping the water clear. It must work because I see both birds and butterflies dropping in for a visit. Now the bad news. It didn't even make through the summer. The high price tag on this lemon is another reason to think other options. Overpriced Lemon
I was never able to get this to extend and that was a real pain, especially since I bought it for my wife, who is short and catch reach the top of the van. Also, don't mistake this for an ice scraper; it has rounded edges meant to remove snow without scratching the roof of your vehicle. Didn't work
The birds don't like it at all....I saw about four just sit at the feeder and try to figure out what they were supposed to do.  I think one of the birds actually flipped me off for getting this.  If you don't tighten the lid and bottom secure enough the bird seed will spill ALL over your floor, and it's amazing how quickly a full bird feeder will empty on the ground.  I would have to say that I can't see how a squirrel would get to the food...I will say that about it.  But what good is it if the birds don't get to it either?  I'll probably go back to one of the others and just feed the squirrels with the birds. P.O.S.
As mentioned in other reviews, this is NOT for cars and trucks.  I bought it for use on the riding mower, filling smaller cans and for my dual sport bike.  It's virtually impossible to fill any of these without spilling.But worst of all, it split along the seam at the top and sloshes gas out when carrying and fills it's storage area with fumes.  Forget it! Dangerous as well as inconvenient
I have this and several other cans with this new stupid design (thanks liberals) due to all the tree hugging environmentalists. You end up spilling more gas with these new cans and need 3 hands to try and use it with some success. These are worse for the environment then the old style which were fine. useless and difficult to use, spills
I purchased this fuel can because I have a small diesel Kubota Tractor. I needed a five gallon can in order to fill the tractor's tank. The tank on the tractor is conveniently located on the top of the tractor. I have found it pretty much impossible to fill the tractor with diesel from this can without spilling all over myself, and all over the ground, creating both a safety and environmental problem.The ill conceived idea behind this gas can is that the pour spout is rigid and you have to rest a lever on the pour spout on the rim of the gas tank, pushing up on the lever, and then releasing the flow of gas. This does not work at all. You end up having to manually pull the lever up with your hand. Remember the can is 5 gallons, and it is too heavy to try and support with one hand. So, for this device to even come close to working, you need at least 3 hands, and preferably four. In frustration, you finally take the pour spout off, and pour directly from the can into the tank, which pours diesel all over yourself.Making the device even more useless, it does not have a vent opening anywhere, so even under ideal circumstances, you can not pour from it.One wonders if they even ever tried to use this thing before they sold it.AVOID ! ! ! Useless and Dangerous
Too heavy and kink. Hard to carry around. Expensive to much for female gardener. I am not able to drug around to water my flower beds. Foolish to buy the wrong hose
These are essentially fancy leather welding gloves. Welding gloves have to protect you from being burned by spatters of molten metal, that cool almost immediately upon landing on a surface at room temperature. Cooking mitts, on the other hand, need to be able to hold a 400 degree object for many seconds without transmitting the heat. They also need to insulate even if they're wet.I found that this glove, despite being well made and attractive, is no good for holding hot items. At best, it protects hand and arm while grilling, if you're using tongs, lets say, over a very hot fire. Just don't expect to be able to hold a hot pan for more than a couple of seconds before the heat is conveyed directly to your tender skin and you have to put it down immediately or drop it. Good for welding, terrible for cooking
I LOVED this filler & gauge, until I started blowing tires. I had a hunch the low price for this gauge was too good to be true. Although the convenience of the filler/deflator is fantastic, the quality of the gauge itself is horrible. After blowing two tires on one recent trip, I used two other quality gauges to verify the pressure. It turned out that my tires were all over inflated by 15-20 PSI. I filled them cold like I always do (either in the evening or the morning), but they were way over inflated. This had never happened to me before. I have two of these inflators (one in the garage and one in the RV), so I pulled out the other one to double-check the gauge on that one. Compared to my other two high-quality gauges, that one was off by almost 10 PSI too. So I threw both of these in the trash and stopped using them. It's a shame too, because I loved these things. It's not worth it if the gauges aren't accurate though. Horrible Gauge
Written in the blush of new ownership:  Let's be clear, this is not a go into the forest and cut wood for the winter chainsaw.  I bought this saw to use as a shop tool for preparation of blanks for woodturning.  Having said that, it cuts very well, has sufficient power for the purpose, is not too loud and is well balanced.  It is well made for the duty for which it is designed.  Several have reported that the sprocket gear was plastic.  Mine is metal.  It looks like it might be pretty light, but it is metal.I expect it to hold up well under the use that I intend for it.  I would expect it to hold up for normal home tree maintenance use.  I would not expect it to hold up to days of bucking logs.Cold experience:  Over the past 10 months or so, I have cut about 10 short log sections into chunks and cut some vertically for bowl blanks.  I don't think this constitutes a lot of use.  The painted name on the bar is barely marred.  The chain is still quite sharp.  Today I was cutting a log vertically which is the easiest cut for a saw as you are cutting with the grain.  Chain is nice and sharp, everything is great, except suddenly the motor is running and the chain is still.  Fast forward through a lot of diagnostic stuff to learn that the sprocket in the inside of the saw is in fact plastic and has in fact melted.  I was looking at the outside sprocket when I said it was metal.My money was completely wasted.  This saw is junk as a number of other reviewers stated.  The best part of the whole thing was when I called Poulan customer service at 3:55 PM Central time and was told that the "general questions" section was closed, their hours being from 8:00 to 4:30 Central time.  I can't speak for customer service but their engineering department is clearly closed.Avoid this purchase. Early impressions tempered by longer term results
These are not brass.  They are made from cheap pot metal (recycled mix of aluminums) covered with a thin brass plating. (The similar looking Orbit brand is made this way too.)  They will work well for a while, long enough to lure you into writing a great review for them, but they will eventually fuse to the real brass fitting on your hose and your faucet and may not be removable without ruining both your hose and the faucet on your house.  Before they get to that state, as the metal deteriorates, they will begin to dribble, so you will be tempted to tighten them further, making later removal impossible without damaging your hose and faucet.  Since the metal is aluminum, not brass, the inserted piece will scratch a bit each time you insert it or detach it, and over time this accumulation of wear will cause it to leak at the fitting.  The black plastic over the fittings will twist and fail to grab the knurled metal beneath it, so you may have to use a wrench to install.  Again, these will work very well for a year or so, and after that you are cuing up for a big problem.  Gilmore alleges a guarantee on these, but other reviews have said they do not respond if you call them on it, so your only recourse would be if Amazon would cover it, which is unlikely at the point where these will start giving you trouble.  Either way, they aren't going to pay for your ruined hose fitting and faucet.The good news is that there is a better set available on Amazon, also made by Gilmore, and unless they have cheapened the design or materials since I last purchased them, they are far superior: Gilmour 09QCGT 2-Piece Green Thumb Brass Quick Connector Set for Hose This particular item is trouble so I have a better recommendation.
I purchased two of these with the hopes of feeding a few of the neighborhood birds. I knew instantly this was a mistake, but thought I would give it a try. One lasted only a few days at best. A larger bird actually knocked off the plastic holder that keeps the food in and it all poured straight to the ground. Entertaining to watch and the birds all thought it was great to eat the seed off the ground.  The second one lasted a little longer - a few months perhaps, but again, the same thing happened. Food everywhere and a useless feeder.  I am back again to find myself two new feeders for this year and thought it would be wise to advise all of you of my experience.  Sorry to have to give it a one star, but I can't find a reason to even go for two. Disappointed to say the least
The instructions for this product are easy to follow and I had it ready to spray, theoretically, within seconds. However the sprayer just wouldn't spray. I checked and replaced the batteries. I took it apart several times and still couldn't get it to work. I read the directions again and noticed a phone number with the pledge that the company's highest objective was to serve the customer. So I called and got a toy company. They informed me that they had been bought by another company and they didn't have a forwarding number. I got on the internet, located a working number, and finally got to talk to a human being after the usual push button 1, then 2, and so on. She said she would be happy to send a replacement product. But I needed to get a specific number off the bottom of the package. I hunted down the package but alas, the number had been defaced. Too bad for me and I was unable to get a replacement.I decided to just sprinkle the product around my flower garden but it didn't have any effect at all. So maybe the liquid needs to be sprayed directly onto the flowers which was impossible to do without the proper sprayer. So basically it was worthless. I've tried other products from this company that worked. Maybe you will have a different experience. Never worked
it was easy to assemble, it was easy to use and gave a continuous full spray and that's all it did. The rabbits came last night, and I sprayed it about 8 p.m 3 times with the spray being just inches above the plants to give full coverage. I did that 3 times just to be sure and the plants were fine. 10 1/2 hours later, all the 25 ft. row of collarobi (sp) had been eaten down to the ground and the same with the two 25 ft. rows of beets. They even ate the tops off the onions about 5 inches down. It DOESN'T work. All the fancy packaging and the battery powered spray doesn't matter if it doesn't work and it doesn't.... I have fence around the entire area so rabbits and squirrels are about all that get in, coons and skunk and deer can't. Save your money............. put barbed wire around your garden...UPDATE: I tried this 3 times and nothing worked about it, including the motor on the sprayer. I had to pour it into another sprayer to use it and YES, I turned it off after spraying and I even put new batteries in it and nothing..... The spray handle with the motor for spraying was the only thing that worked in the first place and now even it is useless... Havahart DO64MS Deer Off II Deer, Rabbit, and Squirrel Ready-to-Use Repellent with Battery Powered Sprayer
I ordered this product in desperation.  The rabbits and squirrels ate most of my garden.  I got this product and applied it around the perimeter of my garden area as the label says not to apply directly to plants you plan to eat.  1 day things were good then my peas disappeared.  I am very disappointed. Kept my Garden Safe for 1 Day
When I saw this offered, I jumped on it.  So far the deer had eaten all my lily's, including my day lily's and were beginning to start on my tiger lily's.  Add in the echinacea and my beautiful garden was almost gone.  As soon as this arrived, I began spraying.Assembly of the unit was easy.  Batteries were already installed, so it was simply a matter of unscrewing the cap and placing the siphon hose in the canister and tightening the lid.  Unfortunately, the batteries were dead.  So a run to the store for new batteries.  Try again.  The sprayer began spraying when depressing the trigger button.  (Batteries should be packaged separately so they don't run down, me thinks)Sprayed the flowers and the area around them.  Given the smell of this stuff, I was sure it would work.  (Yes you can smell it and it is vile).  One caution, don't spray on a windy day if you have to stand downwind of the sprayer.  I could feel the hot pepper working in my nose and mouth.Went inside and waited to see what would happen over night - would the deer be back?In a word, yes.  From the amount of deer dung (copious amounts) on the ground around my flower beds, it was more like a herd instead of one or two.  As I walked closer, two rabbits jumped from the  echinacea and hopped across the yard.  All the day lily blossoms were gone, as were the heads of my tiger lily's.Does this stuff work?  In a word, no.  Maybe it's just the wild game around my place, but it seemed to me that Deer Off was more like a salad dressing attracting the animals instead of deterring them. Salad Dressing for Your Garden
I sprayed this all around my house to deter ground squirrels.  Well first of all, it took a couple of minutes for the pump to prime instead of a couple of seconds.  Then, when I was about 3/4 of the way around my foundation the sprayer started to sputter and refused to spray any more even though there was still about 1/4 of a bottle left.And last but not least, the squirrels don't seem to be the least bit bothered by the smell.  Even my dogs don't seem to be bothered by the smell.  In fact, they like to lay down with their noses stuck under the door right where I sprayed the stuff hoping to keep the baby squirrels from squeezing under the door and eating all my dog kibble.Since I live in the burbs, I can't judge how effective it is against deer and rabbits but don't waste your money if you have squirrels.  This has absolutely NO effect on the little critters. Squirrels love it
I was excited to try this product out to protect my roses from hungry deer - but I could not get the battery operated sprayer to prime.  It seems an overly complicated design for a simple product.  Now I will have to pour it into a traditional sprayer to see if it works. Don't Know If It Works Because It Doesn't Work
I was so excited to see this offered through Amazon Vine! The deer are making their way around our yard and gardens this summer. They tend to come (and go) in cycles so this was a perfect opportunity to try this product. Or so I thought.Assembly was a cinch. Batteries included (and installed). All I had to do was take off the cap, put the hose in and tighten the cap. Another reviewer hit the nail on the head when they said you have to hold the trigger/hose down low (in order for the liquid to reach the nozzle)...that's how siphoning tends to work:) ~ After just about draining the batteries, the liquid *finally* started coming out. Of course, I had to replace the batteries after I'd been spraying for about three minutes. Not sure if the batteries are cheap, old, or should just come packaged separately with the spray.Within two days, the deer were back and were snacking on my plants. I had tried spraying it at the base of a shepherd's hook as well to deter squirrels from getting at the bird feeder. Well that worked like a charm. Not! This concoction smells quite a bit like vinegar and that's about all I could smell. If you want something that will work and I mean REALLY, REALLY work, try Liquid Fence. I've been using this product effectively for about ten years. You can get it in mixed form (a bit cheaper), or in concentrated form (which is what I buy). That is more expensive, initially, but it is well worth the cost. Here's the link, I hope it works:http://www.amazon.com/Liquid-Fence-113-Repellent-Concentrate/dp/B000NW777E/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1341177361&sr;=8-1&keywords;=liquid+fenceThis stuff stinks to the ends of the Earth and beyond! Rotten eggs, vinegar, garlic and tons of other great, stinky stuff to keep the deer away. It doesn't work on squirrels though (I haven't found anything that does). And you have to reapply as new growth appears (deer loooove the tender greens!) and/or if it rains or you top-water your plants. Re-applying due to water and growth is essential for this product to work. You WILL smell this when you spray! Don't be downwind of it:) ~ it dries odorless in several hours.I would not recommend Havahart Deer Off. HIGHLY recommend Liquid Fence:) I really wanted this product to work...
It's absolutely amazing!  I am an animal whisperer.  All I have to do is spray the Deer Off around my landscaping and the critters they come a running.  Not only is the salad bar open, but I'm obviously using a peppery salad dressing that the critters love. Whooo hooo!  Isn't that how it's supposed to work? Ding! Ding! Ding! Dinner Is Served!!!!!
I have a problem with squirrels jumping on my bird feeder and knocking all of the bird seed all over my deck. I sprayed this solution on the outside of the feeder and the deck railing and it seems to have no effect on the squirrels. Didn't work
I have a bird feeder on top of a 10' pole, which I thoroughly soaked the Havahard Deer Off.  5 minutes later a squirrel climbed up the pole through the Deer Off.  I chased the squirrel away, and he was back in another 5 minutes.  The Deer Off did not even slow him down.What DOES work for me is greasing the pole with automotive grease weekly.  I had hoped that I could apply the Deer Off less frequently.  I also worry about poisoning the squirrels, since they obviously remove the grease from the pole physically, on their underbellies, and then lick it off. SQUIRRELS NOT EVEN SLOWED DOWN
I was only able to "spray" with this for a minute or so. Then the spray turned to a stream which dripped off of everything. I changed the batteries thinking that maybe the batteries that came with it were old, but that didn't help at all, so it's a mechanical fail.I'm a person who cares about the environment, and the packaging disturbs me. The holster is plastic and doesn't have a recycle number on it, so that will end up in the landfill. The battery powered sprayer doesn't either, so the outside of that will end up in the landfill. Even though I'll see what I can do about recycling the insides, I'm sure many people won't and that will also end up in the landfill. To save the earth I'd rather buy this in a gallon jug and use my own pressurized tank sprayer than fuss with a battery operated sprayer. Environmental fail.I put this in my own tank sprayer.  Even after three applications on my purple coneflowers, the squirrels are still eating the flowerheads. Product fail. Fail & Fail & Fail
I have moved into a neighborhood teeming with wildlife: deer, raccoons, rabbits... As much as I enjoy it, I'd also like to have some landscaping. After carefully researching deer-resistant plants, I re-landscaped the whole yard with those choices. For additional insurance, I followed all of my neighbors' advice & bought deer repellent. I chose this one as it specifically includes rabbits in the description of animals repelled by this product whereas the local nurseries could only steer me in the direction of deer resistant plants.  I recognize that when animals are hungry they will eat anything but I used this product exactly as directed, we have not had a great deal of rain, & the rabbits & deer have eaten everything in my yard.  According to the directions, it still should be working for at least another 6 wks. My neighbor uses a product called Plantskydd, also non-toxic & it really seems to work. It has an odor that would gag a sewer tank repair person but it does air out & still seems to keep the animals away.  I would recommend that over Deer Off. Get the good Stuff, not this
I received this Yard Butler Sprinkler Stand as part of Vine product reviewing. I had read a review of the unit before I ordered it about the threads in the stand being a problem. Yes they are a problem.  As I tried to put in the sprinkler that I had just purchased, I was very careful, I found that the sprinkler would not go in straight and the sprinkler end thread was being ruined. I looked at the threads in the Yard Butler and they were  clearly not tapped properly. If I would have continued it would have ruined my sprinkler head. It was not a question of lining them up, the Yard butler threads were bad.Since I have the tools and knowledge of threading  and tapping pipe, I re-did the Yard butler threads and it accepted the sprinkler and works fine. The problem is that most people who would buy this expect it to work without having to machine the unit to make it right. Sprinkler stand
I returned this product before I used it.  I have chain saws but thought this would be an easy grab-and-go item for smaller jobs.  But the thing requires oil every ten minutes of use.....and it takes a little doing to uncover the oil hole and do the job.It just seemed like an expensive toy that would be more trouble than cranking up the chain saw. Not necessary
I purchased this for use in my basement, cutting wood for the fireplace. I liked the lower jaw idea to avoid digging the chainsaw into the floor.  Unfortunately, the design is extremely poor.  The upper "jaw" kickback cover actually hits the chain when closed.One of the illustrations in the manual shows this upper jaw open perpendicular - when opened this far, the rear of the jaw actually impacts the chain. The chain cuts a large oval from the rear of the cover.  When the jaw closes, it often does so at an off angle, actually hitting the chain, chewing up the upper jaw and dulling the chain.  The lower jaw also closes crooked about 50% of the time, causing the chain to cut into the lower jaw!A photo on the box shows a person obviously cutting above shoulder height - yet one of the first warnings in the manual is to never cut above shoulder height!  This is common sense, but who approves the marketing and packaging?!?The upper jaw has no "stop" except a small plastic flap. This broke off the third time I used the saw.If you run the saw with no wood in the "jaws," the jaws snap open and closed as the chain randomly impacts them!  NOT SAFE!When it cuts, it jams easily. Pieces of "thready" wood that a normal saw would kick out, get jammed up in the small gear that drives the chain. This has happened several times.  Cutting dry wood - no problem.  Cutting green wood, the "thready" pieces are a constant problem, necessitating the removal of the chain cover.The automatic oiler seldom works.  I have to manually oil the chain.  I have tried calling B&D;'s toll free customer support number. I can never get a hold of anyone.  I am regretful I purchased this shoddily designed item.  I will add some photos showing the problems. Poor quality, several design flaws, I'm getting rig of mine
I purchased these and then decided to run to Home Depot and see if they had them so I could use them sooner until my package arrived from Amazon. Home Depot had another brand called Revenge. I used the 4 from Revenge, each one smoked like they are supposed to. a few days later when the Giant Destroyers came, I needed to use those too and unfortunately, they didn't smoke, they shot a bright angry orange flame as if it was a blow torch. The GD's you have to thread the fuse into the bomb which I thought was dumb. I also found that the GD's smelled with stronger sulfur and couldn't wash off the smell from my hands. I don't know if they work or not as again they were blow torches and not smokers. Won't buy these again. Maybe i got a bad batch? won't take the chance again though. not good, didn't smoke only burned like a blow torch
This house may (or may not) leak, but it has a much more serious problem.  My new hose reel requires female fittings on both ends of the leader hose and this 10 foot leader has a male fitting on one end and a female on the other, so it's useless.  My new reel requires a female fitting for attachment to the reel and it of course requires a female fitting at the faucet end (as do all faucets).  Also, the product smells really bad, so I'm returning it to Amazon. This hose is incorrectly designed
Don't waste your money on this piece of junk. The manor in which it stays open does not function properly at all. Real bad design!! There is no making this junk work. STAY AWAY. USE SOME OTHER TRAP! This trap is a piece of garbage
Well, for starters I live in Wyoming where deer in the yard is a menace, and if you are trying to start a yard with deer around forget about it. For three years now we have tried to re-landscape and resurrect our yard. Our high desert location is a major hurdle, but as our neighbors lawns prove it can be done the greatest enemy is actually the deer.These rods were just one more thing we tried and failed with. To be fair the scent that they are treated with is acorn which would be a completely alien scent to the deer in this area although I was hoping that it might lure them anyway. The rods were ignored. Also, I believe that the rainstorm that has hit us in the last three days might have shorted out the rods some how, as birds are roosting on them.This was an interesting idea and I was looking forward to seeing how it would pan out. So far the only thing we've tried that has actually had any degree of success with has been straw. We covered the entire yard with straw to try and protect it for the winter and the deer actually seem to hate that. They won't even walk on it. Unfortunately when we raked it up for spring they're baaaack! A true miracle, if only. . .
When I requested this, a key bit of information was not listed on the Amazon product page.  This info. is printed on the outside of the box & it says:Very Effective - Suburban Area.  Deer density is low.  Damage is mild, infrequent, unpredictable.Effective - Suburban Area.  Deer density is medium.  Damage is moderate, frequent, predictable.Effective (if repellent is moved as deer travel pattern changes) - Rural Residential Area.  Deer density is medium to high.  Damage is extensive, frequent, predictable.Not Effective (A fence is the best option) - Rural, Non-residential, Agricultural Areas.  Deer density is high.  Damages is extreme, frequent, unpredictable.I see this & say oh no!  I am in the "Not Effective" category aka "do not buy this item - go get a fence"  I go on line & view the page thinking it must be here & I missed it.  Nope.  The above info. is not provided.  Now you have it so you don't unknowingly make the same mistake I did.Because I already committed to the product I gave it a go following the instructions.  I chose a path the deer take past our young fruit trees.  I put the lures along the path.  They did nothing.  I moved them in a tighter range after seeing the deer eating the tops of our young trees.  Added more scent (you do this once a week) & the deer are out there everyday.  No matter how tightly I have placed these together to protect even a tiny area as if I was not in the country or putting them along the path of the deer as directed it just doesn't work. I did not place them far apart from each other even though we have a lot of land.  I still followed the directions by choosing small areas to cover.  I want that to be very clear.As far as the assembly goes, they were not as easy to put together as I thought.  Before you snicker, read.  Everything was very easy except trying to fit the middle pole into the bottom pole.  On all 3 poles I had extreme difficulty.  I thought I would end up breaking the little hard plastic tabs.  I followed the assembly directions exactly & because of this the ends were charged & scented - all 3.  I'm at my garden bench with charged polls rolling around while I battle it out trying to get a seemingly simple task accomplished.  I grabbed a slender metal garden stake tried to keep the poll from rolling & discharging on the other polls or by the back of my arm hitting it while I tried to do 3 things with 2 hands, push in the tab, push the poll into the bottom & hold it still on the bench while not hurting myself.  I know it probably sounds pathetic but I really did have a heck of a time with the bottoms.  I would recommend putting on the bottoms first so you don't have to worry about the charged tops & then assemble the rest per the directions.  I think I would have had a much easier time if I did it that way.  For once, it would have been better NOT to follow the directions!At this point after weeks of using these I'm not even sure what to do with them.  I guess I could move them yet again, but I just don't see the point. They are still out with the few fruit trees & they are scented with lure, but why?  They just don't do a thing. Pointless
I was hoping to use this in the non-fenced part of our yard, since that is where the deer shred our flowers.Be warned, if a bird alights on this, they will get a shock. If a fox or dog sniffs it, they too will get a shock.Not to mention children, and since we don't have a fence in the front, children do cut through out yard.So, maybe if you live out in the country this would be useful.  But if you live in the city and you don't have a fence and there are children around... Not safe for birds, dogs, or children
**** Revised Review as of 6/16/11 ****I originally gave this product two stars and said it was "ineffective". I am revising this to, "causes more deer damage". It actually increased the number of deer visits to our yard, which is NOT a cottage in the forest (suburbia as noted below). After giving it two weeks, my family begged me to please remove the "repellents" because they were bringing too many deer into the yard. My son erected a more effective measure (metal wire fence) and this seemed to do the job for about the same amount of money. Bottom line, I tossed these worthless (actually, harmful) units into the garbage can after removing the batteries. Avoid them unless you want more deer. If you do want more deer, it's cheaper to go to the hunting supply store and buy the acorn scented deer attracter, soak a piece of cotton with it and leave it on a stick or something. It works about the same as these things, and it will be much less expensive.**** End of Revision ****We live in a suburban area  in California's "Silicon Valley" with paved streets, curbs, lawns, gardens and ... deer!!! Out plants are eaten year-round by deer. They come down out of the hills where they live and trot down the paved roads a mile or so down to our home. We've tried a lot of methods to either protect the plants (fences, wires, predator scent, etc.) with mixed results. So, when I had a chance to try out this new "Electronic Deer Repellent" my hopes were up for a while.The term "repellent" is somewhat misleading. these stakes are supposed to work (they did NOT work for me) by using a deer attracting scent (acorn is the one that comes with the set) to bring deer in contact with the wires on the top of the stake. The wires are charged up by two AA batteries much as an electric fly swatter, if you have seen or used one of those. The deer are supposed to be shocked when they put their nose on the wires as they attempt to get to the source of the acorn smell. So, the deer can't be "repelled" until they are "attracted". The theory is understandable, but our results show it is seriously flawed in practice.In order to save your reading of the rest of this review, let me say this product had no positive effect at all on our deer issues. In fact, it may have worked to attract more deer!Details:1. Packaging: the product comes in a compact cardboard container that has three of the units. They require a modest amount of assembly. My set came with the requisite two AA batteries for each stake, but then this was a set for review. I don't know if the commercial product has the same. The box is about 19" x 4" x 4", which means it is easy to ship. The packaging seemed adequate to protect the goods, but not frustrating to open.2. Assembly: I asked my 14 year old daughter to assemble the units. She did so with relative ease. The instructions and tasks to be done are simple. The units come in three main pieces (spike, lower shaft, upper shaft with the power head), plus the two batteries. She had a minor struggle getting some of the plastic lock buttons to engage with the holes in the metal shaft, but it was not epic. Overall, it took less than ten minutes for her to finish. We will upload the video later this week.3. Activation: The most difficult part of the use of these "repellent" stakes is to add the bait. You must stuff some loose cotton into holes in the top of the stakes and then add some drops of deer-attracting scent (the kit comes with acorn scent). Inserting the cotton requires you to have a small stick, flat blade screwdriver, or similar to poke the cotton into its place. Then, you add drops of scent. The scent must be re-applied every few days.4. Quick test: since our family has used electronic fly swatters for a few years, we thought this product may have some possibility of success. So, after putting it all together we tried to shock ourselves with the wires - which is against all the instructions and warnings provided by Havahart - and felt very little shock. Very, very little. As in, not enough to bother us at all - less than you'd get from the door knob in your home after walking across the wool carpet. In our opinion, probably not enough to worry Mr. Deer.5. Testing: the instructions claim 1100 sq ft coverage and we followed them to the letter.  Our results were that MORE deer seemed to visit that part of the garden and that more deer returned later. We are giving it a few days just in case.Bottom line: it's a crock! Ineffective - Attracts MORE deer
I think I ended up purchasing this due to the wonderful color choices.  I chose Yellow, its super easy to see in the grass.  That's where my positive review of this product ends.  It never worked correctly from the start.  All functions worked great, except the soaker.  It sort of just squishes water out of a little bit of all of the other functions and around the edge... Comparing it to any hose nozzle I've used in the past this isn't how the soaker function is designed to work.  It wasn't hardly worth my effort to send it back.  The other (and more important to me) functions worked so I just dealt with it.  I have now had it for right about two months and I realized the little metal piece that holds the on/off grab bar on the "on" position is missing.  Now THAT was a function I deem essential.  I used it all the time.  I think two months is a little bit short to fall apart!  Its possible that I got a bad apple, but I wouldn't buy the identical model to replace it.  I'll try something else. I was under the spell of the "color options"....
This nozzle seemed to be well made and it worked great for a few weeks.After about 2 months of occasional use (maybe used it 4-5 times during that time), the whole nozzle started to leak water everywhere. Another reviewer mentioned that the internal components of this nozzle are made from cheap plastic and will break easily from regular use, and it seems they were right. No pressure at all on the trigger and there is water going everywhere. I just turn on the hose and immediately this nozzle starts leaking water.Don't waste your money, get something better. Started Leaking After 2 Months
For two days, I've giggled with glee upon seeing the unit's flashing red light of SUCCESS. That was until I kept coming up EMPTY and disappointed the bugger got a free meal. I've reset and refilled with a few dog kibble about 10 times and zapped NOTHING! I've been dry toweling the plates after every 3 entry and departures to avoid dirty build up that could impede the powerful, much desired RAT DEATH RAY.After attempting to access the Ratzpper.com website which is UNAVAILABLE, I called the 1888-DEAD-RAT several hours ago without a callback. Now those furry critters are catching a break until I get sturdy traps and toxic waste disposal gloves. I HATE mice, rats & most icky rodents and have no plans to continue running a fine dining establishment for them.This contraption is too blankity-blank expensive to be a bust. In case you haven't guessed it, I DO NOT RECOMMEND this thing!PS CALL Amazon Customer Service if purchased through them for a refund.UPDATE 1/22/2013A smart and pleasant Technical Support person from Raticator called with helpful hints. Having a moist cloth/paper towel leading to the front of the Ratzapper acts as a WELCOME MAT to a "shocking experience" when the critter makes contact with the metal plates inside. The Raticator company provides support temporarily for Ratzapper which is no longer produced. With that in mind, you need to consider that when getting a Ratzapper. Getting a refund and finding a consistently working pest eliminator is my goal. I'm Running a Rodent Fine Dining Establishment!
I have 12 bird feeders hanging from poles in my front and back yard. A lot of the bird food falls to the ground. This works well in feeding large birds that are too big to perch on the feeders. It also attracts many squirrels. I have separate feeders for squirrels but they are not satisfied with just their feeders and gobble up the bird seed as well which leaves very little for the big birds. I sprayed Deer Off around the bottom areas of the bird feeder poles in the hopes that squirrels would be repelled. After the Deer Off had dried the squirrels returned in full force to their old stomping grounds. I swear I could hear them giggling at me.This product should be labeled "Rip Off" based on its cost and lack of performance. Squirrels Not Repelled
Perhaps the squirrels in my yard have developed a fondness for "putrescent egg" or find the allure of bird seed and budding leaves offsets the supposed repellent tastes and odor of "Deer Off." I've followed the direction, applied this product twice to the same plants, shrubs, and area. I coated the bird feeders and ground around them with Deer Off, and I also liberally applied it to the aerial access points via tree limbs and trunks, bushes, even stairs.The squirrels remain undeterred. They continue raiding the raised beds, climbing to the bird feeders, and generally seem unperturbed. If they were wearing clothes pins on their noses or had tiny gas masks, then that would be one thing. So I still have to dispatch the Aussies to chase the squirrels when I catch the varmints in the act.This repellent does work during the time I am actually spraying it on stuff to the point it coats surfaces and drips to the surrounding ground. I think, however, that my presence may be the deterrent during those moments of respite from the rodents' continual engorgement. Epic Fail
I got this to put on vegetable plants that were being decimated by squirrels. When I read the instructions it said to not apply it to any plants that produced edible foods, that it was not safe on human food. As that was the point for this product, which is kind of marketed as a natural repellent (I was imagining it was wolf urine, or something) this is pretty much useless for me. Improperly marketed
The squares are about 4x4 inches.  Animals just get tangled in it.  Birds can fly right through it.  It is an AWFUL product.  Look for &#34;deer&#34; netting at your local feed or hardware store that is made from fish netting type material.  Waste of money. Offers a a great way for birds to perch
Experiments have shown that BPA is harmful to animals with negative impacts on functions including development, metabolism, reproductive activity and many more (E.g., see Science Daily "Harmful effects of bisphenol A demonstrated experimentally", January 22, 2013, or Google for a very long list of other articles. The danger of BPA has pretty well become common knowledge at this point and doesn't seem to be disputed.)I emailed Aspects to ask if this feeder contains BPA because it was not clear that it did not. They replied that Aspects does use BPA in this and all their other polycarbonate feeders. They also explicitly stated that they have no current intent to make a BPA-free feeder. Let's encourage them to change that stance!I think it goes without saying that we should not be feeding our beautiful wildlife chemicals that harm them if we care about them as much as we like to think we do. Even if one isn't concerned about the first generation of hummingbirds, consider the likely possibility that the chemicals are also transferred to offspring during gestation and may accumulate through generations. Furthermore, consider the food chain and the general fact that we're putting these chemicals out in our environment.Nalgene and other companies have removed BPA from their plastics and still make very strong and aesthetic water bottles without it. This feeder has many great properties, but it's not the only feeder with them; personally I will buy alternatives (of which there are many) until Aspects decides to make a BPA-free hummingbird feeder to purchase one of theirs. I would love to see them do so. Made with bisphenol A (BPA) a chemical known to harm reproductive ability, development, and metabolism in animals
Well, it worked for a little over a year. I used the trimmer twice a month with no issues.I noticed the blade was getting worn down and quite dull. Changing the blade proved to be the downfall of the trimmer.To change the blade you insert a screwdriver in the slot behind the blade to lock the hub. The metal around this hub is very cheap pot metal. The metal hub broke apart in 7 pieces when trying to remove the blade nut.I hope everyone has better luck than me, but I won't buy another one.I'm kinda miffed that this trimmer only lasted 13 months. They shouldn't be disposable. Broke when changing the blade
Tried this for a Month with no results. The unit no has moisture and corrosion and has died. I waisted money on this one. I swabbed the plates to keep them clean and kept the peanut butter away from them. Too bad I liked the idea but it's back to the old Victor 'finger whapping' old fashioned trap. Worthless - zero mice killed where mice run
I've used every mouse trap on the market over the past 20 years, so I have a pretty good perspective on which ones are most effective (at least for New England mice).I tried this electronic trap in a an attic where several other types of traps are also installed and catching mice.  The electronic trap never caught a single mouse.  Eventually the batteries died.  Between the zero success rate, and the need to feed it batteries, I put this model at the bottom of the list of all the different types of traps I've tried.The old fashioned snap traps are the cheapest and most effective traps.  Unfortunately, they also come with significant drawbacks:  They're unpleasant to deal with after you've caught a mouse, you can't use them where children or pets might find them, and they're a little tricky to set.  Glue traps have similar pros and cons, and they have the further disadvantage of seeming inhumane (even if you don't have an emotional attachment to mice).The best trap I've found, by far, is the Victor "Tin Cat" model.  It's a metal box with one-way trap doors.  Mice seem to find it irresistible, and it can catch several mice in one night (in fact, it's almost as if the first mouse in the trap attract others).  The biggest downside is that it's a "live catch" trap, so you have to check it every day and then take it far away from the house to release the mice. Least effective of all the mouse traps I've used (and I've used a lot)
In order to unlock the pump handle you have to turn the handle the same direction as you&#8217;d turn it to open the lid thus releasing any air still sealed in the reservoir and misting your hands with the chemical in the reservoir.  So, once you have the pump handle unlocked you have to wedge your fingers down onto the collar and twist it to re-seal the lid.  Then you pump it up, press the handle back down and lock it back in place.  You have to go through this process every time you want to pump the reservoir back up.  I returned this item the same day I opened it. Major design flaw.
This is a certifiable piece of junk. It lacks sufficient power to cut anything.  Worx has a similiar product with a decent battery. I replaced my B & D with the Worx and it does a better job. Avoid This
We've had many trimmers over the years. These by far are the worst we've ever had.The problem is the design of both the grass shears and the mini hedge shears.  They do not cut anything. They are dull and set too far apart to effectively cut anything.Plus for a 7.2 volt, which should be very powerful and have a long life battery this machine fails.I usually love Black and Decker items, but these were returned after 10 minutes of attempted use. Piece of Junk
Unbelievable expense when adding in green house expenses for such a poor yield.  Very disappointed in the way all has gone so far ........ 144 seeded/ approx 36 plants - see seed reviews!
This is a great little feeder.  Sticks very well to the window and doesn't get poopy (let's not talk about the window sill beneath) and holds a pretty decent amount of seed.  My acrobatic squirrels can leap onto it when I forget to throw out enough critter food to appease them and after at least 3 years of doing so, they finally broke it.  So today I'm ordering another one.  Nothing fancy here, just a durable and fun bird feeder.Updated 5/29/2013: the replacement I bought has a quality control problem with the suction cup portion that holds the feeder to the window (kinda important).  One of the suction cups was noticeably thin and seemed to have a hard time holding onto the glass.  Turns out (after cleaning the glass multiple times, moistening the cup or not moistening it) that it just won't hold onto the glass for more than, say, 30 minutes.  This is without any squirrel attacks.  It just falls away.  So half the support for the thing is just not there and shortly after you place it, it will sag to one side hanging on the one good cup and look really, really sharp (not).  Oh well, at least I got one working suction cup instead of none.Yes, this is a very inexpensive item but it's not a high-tech or complex item to get right either.  It's meant to hang onto a window.  If it can't properly do that, there's a problem.  This is likely a sample defect but it should never have gotten to the end user in this condition.Fortunately the remains of my old one were still in the trash bin and I retrieved the old window attachment part, which still works fine, so I'm good for now.  Glad the trash pickup wasn't a day sooner or this thing would have ended up in the bin the following week. My 2nd one of these; review was 5 stars, reluctantly revised to 1
I've never heard of the company that's selling this.  And I'm glad, because when products like this, they'll be out of business VERY soon.I'm not going to detail every problem with this thing, but perhaps enumerate a few:1.  The stain is applied completely unevenly.  Some pieces are much darker, and there are run/splotch marks all over.2.  There is no protective material around anything in the box.  This leads to problems later in the life of the bench:a.  There are numerous spots all over that have had their stain rubbed nearly completely off.b.  A couple people come with pegs in them:  all but two come broken.c.  A long piece that appears to be provided for additional stability:  broken in the box (no visible damage to the box.)3.  The top wood grain in the picture looks nothing like what I have.  It's just more of the same "stain" glopped all over.4.  The wood pieces, especially the center support piece, doesn't line up correctly.  It's about an 1/4 of an inch too short.5.  Want to call the company to ask for spare pieces or warranty info?  Too bad for you:  there is no contact information anywhere, save for the outside of the box - the same place that has this product incorrectly labeled "OUTER DOOR BENCH."  The correct label:  a bunch of broken scrap wood.The only redeeming factor of this entire piece of garbage is that the instructions aren't confusing because of a bad translation:  there are a total of 4 words, and some weird picture/diagrams that aren't entirely accurate for putting this thing together.Don't waste your money on this.  It's absolutely horrible.  If you happen to get lucky and they figure out that padding small pieces during shipment is a good idea - and hire some QA for other aspects, it's still not a very good product:  most build-it-yourself pieces, when you screw them together, have the metal hardware generally hidden from view.  Not this gem:  the "official" pictures here appear to be some cheap 3D renderings and not an actual product picture; you can see screws in the legs and across the top ridge in the real thing.A bad design for a bench from a company that likely has no quality assurance.  Do you really want to waste your money on it? A complete disaster.
I assembled this bench  right after it was delivered.  I expect MUCH MUCH better quality for the price of this bench!  The directions are bit confusing because the wooden parts are labeled A,B,C,D,E,F,G,H, etc and so  is the hardware .It is not very  big, you could fit two people but it would be tight.The quality is poor. There are all kinds of marks, places where the finish was gone do to damage.  There were a couple of places where big chunks of wood  were missing but they  put the finish right over these areas.The finish is very splotchy with areas/spots that are a different color  than the finish. Many scratches, digs, rough areas on the wood. It looks like they may have used  a wood filler in some areas and instead of sanding those areas down and staining to match the wood they just put the finish over these areas, but it did not adhere and the wood filler comes off.It looks like they  used odd pieces of wood, (pieces maybe leftover from other projects that they didn't want to waste), or collected leftover wood from  a lumber yard, I do not know . I do know this bench is poor quality  and I question how well it would stand up to the elements.  I think I will sand it a bit and use some marine grade polyurethane on it .It might work better as a plant stand! or instead of a fire pit bench you could use it to burn in the fire pit!!I took several photos but you can only  do a video on here . I would never recommend this bench to anyone. Way over priced for the quality and construction. Piece of junk!!
I got this product hoping it woud keep squirrels away from my bird feeders. I have six squirrel proof bird feeders. My squirrels, Mensa members all, have figured out how to overcome the "squirrel proofing" and eat the bird food until the feeders are completely empty. I placed generous amounts of Critter No-Ridder under each of my feeders. As soon as I walked away the squirrels were back and I could hear them giggling and winking at each other as they brushed away the No-Ridder whle giving me knowing glances. This is a genuinely useless product, at least as far as squirrels are concerned. Fun For Squirrels
I did not have any success repelling rabbits with this product. I wish I had though, because I hate rabbits and they're ruining my lawn.I had much better luck using this product:Havahart DO64MS Deer Off II Deer, Rabbit, and Squirrel Ready-to-Use Repellent with Battery Powered SprayerGood luck! Not for me!
I I have a skunk that has taken up residence under my sidewalk. I tried replacing the soil and gravel that it was excavating. It just kept digging. I covered its entrance with bricks, it just pushed them aside.Then I found this Cridder Ridder, which seems like just what i needed. I pourted it all around the perimeter of the side walk.So the skunk is just working hard at coverpowering the spicey smell of the Critter Ridder with it's own scent...The strongest skunk odor I have ever experienced!This may work with deer, but apparently not skunks! I really needed this to work, but it back fired
I have a severe squirrel problem around my house. The chew the cable line outside, they have even been in the house one year. I also have a large chipmunk population that creates other issues as well. I thought, hoped, prayed that this would work. It didn't. They are still all over. Don't waste your money folks. I suspect I'll have to start trapping them and "re-homing." Did not work for my problem
Either I got a bad batch or this doesn't work. I have some young seedlings I've been trying to protect from being dug up by armadillos and dogs. The dogs just keep marking the spot and the armadillos dig right through it. Totally ineffective for me. Too Bad. So Sad.
To test this product, i sprinkled a layer onto an area of my yard that one of my cats has taken to using as his private litter box. It's bare dirt, dry, sheltered from the wind.I used about half of the package, which claims to cover 300 square feet, on this area that's approximately 75 square feet. I didn't intend to overdose it so badly, but it's very hard to estimate how much you're shaking out over what square footage. (In case you don't feel like doing the math, that means i used about twice as much per square foot as the packaging says is necessary.)Day 1: The cat went to his new favorite toilet, sniffed around, and meandered off. I didn't see him set foot in that space all day.Day 2: The cat went to his new favorite toilet, dug a hole, and did his business.So even at double strength, this product deterred a housecat for all of approximately one day. One windless, rainless day. That hardly seems like something worth spending money on.And speaking of money, you're paying for something that is, by weight, less than 1% active ingredients. That means about 0.8 ounces of this product is important, and the rest is filler. And those active ingredients are basically black pepper and a little bit of something like cayenne pepper. You can buy a 2-3 ounce container of black pepper at any grocery store for a few dollars, so why pay more than $20 for this? Even if it worked, it would be a waste of money. Worked for about 24 hours
The product label says to apply at the rate of 1 lb. per 40 square feet. Impossible to measure the rate of application and when using the narrowest opening on the spout the 5 lbs. were gone in about 50 square feet (???). If it had some color to it you could a least see where you've been with it but as it is it blends in with the grass so well you can't tell. I used it to circle my peach trees to keep the varmints away and so far it appears to be helping but it will be very expensive to have to reapply every rain. I think I will look for a cheaper alternative or I will have the most expensive peaches in the country.This is a follow up to my review. It has been about 4 days since I sprinkled the product around the base of the peach trees. It has not rained but today I was watching the squirrels running through the "protected" area without even noticing it as they continued stealing my peaches. So much for that idea! Difficult to apply and ineffective for squirrels!
Maybe my New Mexico critters are used to spicy food (this is the home of green chile after all) and the capsaicin and black pepper in this product just made them want to grab some chips and dig in.  I put this around 2 rose bushes that the rabbits and ground squirrels have been chewing on.The squirrels and rabbits happily snacked on my roses with this product applied liberally to the area around the rose bushes.  I watched them sitting on the product, eating my rose bushes.Perhaps they tested this on squirrels and rabbits who have no taste for chile.  Mine were yelling for me to throw out some tortilla chips. Apparently they did not test this on southwestern critters.
This is the Chinese Fiskars product line. All their shovels are made there, and I have repeated problems with their D Handle shovels. The blade is not aligned properly with the handle. The handle is cocked at an angle so that it twists the wrist when using it. I have returned several shovels to Amazon, and now I give up. And, yes, it is not pre-sharpened. And, no, it came with no PVC sleeve. If Fiskars wants to cheapen their image with this poor quality, I will be thinking three times before I buy Fiskars in the future. Poor Quality
Fiskars 8-Inch Hatchet is very dangerous. You can cut off a limb or a protrusion from a hand if you don't know how to use this. The level of training it takes to competently instate yourself with the knowledge of "Hatchet chopping" is about 2 years.Most people pick this up for recreational use at the local fish pond or RV camp and meet disastrous results, which result in the trip to the local hospital ward. I can not endorse a Hatchet that is so flauntingly dangerous. If you need wood, you can buy it somewhere or hire a vagrant to cut it from a forest.I implore you, Do not use this!UPDATE:I've documented numerous cases where the use of the Hatchet has produced a variety of injuries, ranging from simple cuts to the loss of a limb.UPDATE #2:Certain counties in Louisiana have banned the Hatchet.UPDATE #3:Many films have glorified the use of Hatchets in murder complots.  Hatchet (2006), The Baby (1973), Hatchet for the Honeymoon (1970), Blood Night: The Legend of Mary Hatchet (2009), Deep Red/Hatchet Murders (1975), and Strait-Jacket (1964).  Hatchets should be outright banned.There is even some offensive American southern metal band formed in Florida called Molly Hatchet.This is a notable abuse of an already dangerous "tool". Molly Hatchet
Fiskars 8-Inch Hatchet is very dangerous.  You can cut off a limb or a protrusion from a hand if you don't know how to use this.  The level of training it takes to competently instate yourself with the knowledge of "Hatchet chopping" is about 2 years.Most people pick this up for recreational use at the local fish pond or RV camp and meet disastrous results, which result in the trip to the local hospital ward.  I can not endorse a Hatchet that is so flauntingly dangerous.  If you need wood, you can buy it somewhere or hire a vagrant to cut it from a forest.I implore you, Do not use this!UPDATE:  I've documented numerous cases where the user of the Hatchet has produced a variety of injuries, ranging from simple cuts to the loss of a limb. Molly Hatchet
I&#8217;ve got critter problems this year and moles tend to be a constant. And as a result I&#8217;m trying a few different things. My usual castor oil concoction is nothing like this and so I found myself checking out the ingredients. The main ingredient is bromethalin, a far cry from my inoffensive castor oil. I do want to drive them off the property, but what I don&#8217;t want is for other animals to ingest it.We do have other animals who trespass and I&#8217;m using other &#8220;stay away,&#8221; but natural methods. What I don&#8217;t want is for other animals to dig for this in hopes of a nice snack. Not that I like the presence of red squirrels or chipmunks when they invade my home or outbuildings, but don&#8217;t want to use this very toxic poison. Think I&#8217;ll take a pass on this one. Taking a pass on the bromethalin method ...
Apparently someone tipped off my mole that these strange colored fake worms may not be healthy to eat. My mole runs around happy as a lark and would not touch this fake worm with a ten foot pole. I will have to try a different method to get rid of this unwelcome guest because the fake worm does not do the job. Smart Mole
All I can say is that the 5 people that reviewed this product MUST work for "Tomcat" cause these little "worms" are as much of a joke as every other mole bait out there.  I have used 5 boxes of these (yes, literally 5 boxes) and I have had NO success whatsoever.  Granted, I must be a fool for spending over $100 on one product, but I have tried everything else and was desperate.  Don't waste your money.  Not sure what else to tell you to try though, outside of making sure that your yard doesn't have grubworms. You've GOT to be kidding me....
Not sure these work, I bought to boxes and still have moles.  If it killed any I can't tell.  To expensive as well. Bought these more than once and still have Moles
I have alot, alot, alot of moles in my yard.  Or are they voles?  I'm not sure.  I find little holes everywhere, and I find big mounds everywhere.  Maybe mine are hybrid mole-voles.  Whatever they are, they do not like Tomcat worms.  Never even touched them. Useless in my yard
Not sure if I got a bum trap or what, but I have a real hard time getting my trap to set.  I have other, smaller mouse traps and have no problem setting them, but I just can't get this one to reliably catch.  It ends up being really stressful trying to set it. Not sure if mine is just defective. I may have Received a Defective Trap, but it is Stressful to Attempt to Set
I bought some of these Tomcat brand at Lowe's - which look the same as the Victor brand.Little did I know that the spring/catch don't work as well. They are more difficult to set, & so far, the bait is eaten but the trap doesn't spring (on all 3 units). The Victor brand works much better. Same experience - doesn't snap
We get mice every winter. We've tried plugging holes, sticking around peppermint and mothballs, and we have mice. We bought these traps, put peanut butter on them. The mice ate the peanut butter, the traps did not spring. They are total junk and we went back to Victor. There was a reason these were the only ones left on the store shelf when went to buy them.Jim said the problem is when it's set the platform is high and it seems that a mouse would have problems setting it off, the trigger is not sensitive. Mice laughed at these
So far, I appear to have only one mouse and I thought getting these traps through Vine would solve the problem.  It hasn't yet using sll four for more than a week.  I practically expect a thank you note from the mouse for setting the bait out every night.  Since I got these for free through Vine, I do wish I could give a better review. Doesn't work for me
Dont waste your money on on this. Use rock wool instead. I called the company asking what kinds foam is in their kits and they wouldn't tell me they described it as bio degradable special foam - so I called a couple of foam companies asking questions and experimented a bit. What worked best for me and is drastically cheaper is rock wool instead. Dont waste your money
I purchased one of these plastic rain birds about a year ago and was very pleased. It does actually work better than the brass rain birds. So now I wanted to order some more and was pleased to see the price had dropped by a couple of bucks. So I ordered 4 more but low and behold these are not the same and of course not as good. My well is set at 70 pds. and with a 3/4 pipe and one sprinkler attached I can only get 28 ft. coverage max and there are dry spots that it does not cover. All four are the same. Shame on rain bird, they are ruining there reputation. I would gladly have paid the extra couple of bucks to get the same as I had before. They seem to have the same model number as the old one too. not so good
This powder does not work at all. I followed the instructions meticulously and it seems that ants and spiders are laughing at my face!I assumed it would take a couple of days for the product to work so I waited. The ant "traffic" around my window did not diminish, no change whatsoever.I also tried this powder in a corner where we usually have spiders and they are happy as ever. So I had to go back to Raid spray (that does not fail). Does not work at all
With all the rave reviews I really expected this would work but it has not worked at all for me. I've been using it for over a month now both inside and outside. I put it along the baseboards in the kitchen because we live in the tropics and we get a lot of ants, spiders and roaches inside the house. I left it there for three weeks, its really ugly and messy but I was willing to put up with that if it worked. I never found the first dead bug just lots of live ones so I finally gave up after three weeks and cleaned it up. I went and got new Combat traps and I found 5 dead roaches the next day! I decided to try this on ants outside coming in up the outer wall into the window frame. Same thing, did not get rid of the ants, none of them and we have three kinds coming in. I tried it on carpenter ants living in the crotch of a tree, it did not kill them they simply moved to another spot. Did not work on Fire ants either they walked right through it and two weeks later I found them about three feet away in a new mound. I checked my doorway this morning after 6 applications in 5 weeks and the black ants were just walking over this powder without any issue, they didn't even move after all those applications! So what does this work on? Nothing. So far it has proven useless here, so based on my 5 weeks of using this I cannot recommend it. All it does is move the bugs not kill them. Doesn't kill,  just makes the bugs move.
Safer Brand Ant And Crawling Insect Killer, like any insect killer, is not that safe for humans and pets. It's main ingredient is Silicon Dioxide. Should you squeeze this super fine powder anywhere in your home- just remember breathing this dust, even in small quantities, over time can lead to silicosis, bronchitis or cancer. Children, the elderly or anyone with lung issues should avoid this completely. This fine dust becomes lodged in your lungs and continually irritates them, reducing your lung capacities. If you don't know anything about Silicon Dioxide, it's used for making glass fiber strands, among other things, and depletes water upon contact- thus drying out and killing the insects.I personally would never spray this super fine dust in my home, as who wants any health problems that could arise from silicon breathed into your lungs?  I'm sure it's safer outdoors, but I prefer those little metal ant discs that work well. The ants go inside, take the bait to the nest,  feast and die. I have found over the years that sealing up my home as best I can and dumping buckets of soapy water around the house works wonders. I never waste anything- after we wash the cars, the sudsy water gets dumped around the house. Soap, especially ammonia- makes bugs very ill. It won't kill them, but they'll find a better place to live after getting sick enough times. If bugs are a real problem, I'll use a liquid killer over a powder, as I can always wash my hands, but I can't wash out my lungs. When I read the label saying Avoid Breathing Dust and Wear A Suitable Dust Mask, I knew this product is not suitable for indoors and definitely not for me. Anything That Requires A Dust Mask Warning I Won't Use
This product is unnecessary when competitive products from the same company exist -- such as the Tomcat 34532 Mole and Gopher Liquid Repellent, 32-Ounce.Tomcat's bait pellets need to be administered directly into the tunnels of the creatures. You need to be aware of the environmental impact it might have on birds, and the fact that it will be lethal to other animals, especially birds and pets. As if that wasn't enough, caution should be exercised when handling the pellets since they are extremely toxic and poisonous.Why attempt to kill the creatures when it can backfire and cause harm to the humans and pets and other wildlife, when a successful repellent solution exists? extremely toxic to people and pets, not just moles and gophers
I&#8217;ve got critter problems this year and moles tend to be a constant. And as a result I&#8217;m trying a few different things. My usual castor oil concoction is nothing like this and so I found myself checking out the ingredients. The main ingredient is zinc phosphide, a far cry from my inoffensive castor oil. I do want to drive them off the property, but what I don&#8217;t want is for other animals to ingest it.We do have other animals who trespass and I&#8217;m using other &#8220;stay away,&#8221; but natural methods. What I don&#8217;t want is for other animals to dig for this in hopes of a nice snack. Not that I like the presence of red squirrels or chipmunks when they invade my home or outbuildings, but don&#8217;t want to use this very toxic poison. Think I&#8217;ll take a pass on this one. Taking a pass on the zinc phosphide method ...
Well, I bought two of these and used as directed, and the moles just continued to destroy my yard.  Save your $10 after shipping and get rid of your yard's grubworms. Well......
At first I thought this product might be awesome -- the idea is that you find an active mole tunnel (the directions tell you how to determine that) then you use the pointy end to open a hole and then put some of the pellets into the tunnel so that the mole will eat it and die.However every time I used the product as instructed the moles never returned to that tunnel. I think this was for two reasons.First the test to find an active tunnel is to push said mounds done then check to see if they are back up the next day... the process of using the bottle's pointed end though also collapses part of the tunnel and if I were a mole and my tunnel had a collapsed section two days in a row, I'd find me a new tunnel (which is what they seemed to have done).Second the process of making said hole to pour the pellets into not only collapses the tunnel around it but actually blocks off the tunnel at that point.  Once more the moles just made a new tunnel.Very disappointing. Collapsed Tunnels Too Much
Wasted money. We bought a couple of these 10-12 years ago for $8 each and they were great tables! Haven't had to replace them until now as they do eventually degrade in the sun like all resin/plastics do.However, THE PICTURES SHOWN HERE ARE OF THE "OLD" MODEL!!! but what you get is a very cheap and flimsy newer model. The top of the old ones were smooth and of thicker plastic. The tops of these are so flimsy and thin you can see the ridges where the top is molded to the support brackets underneath.While it doesn't affect sturdiness (or lack thereof), the bottom supports shown do not extend beyond the legs. I mention this only to show you the difference between the "really great" tables and the newer "really cheap and flimsy" tables.STAY AWAY from these, especially if you're thinking you are getting the same quality tables as they used to be. These are nothing more than a cheap knock-off version of those old, very good tables - very sad. We're so disappointed. Considering these were $10 MORE than the old ones, I was really hoping to get the same quality stuff. Fooled us this time, won't fool us again. We're staying away from anything with this brand from now on. Not as good as they used to be. They got cheap, cheap, cheap!!
SInce I have watched a mouse run right past a trap baited with this gel, I don't think it works particularly well. I am still doing better with the traps baited with good old fashioned peanut butter. It's not attracting these mice
I put this in several traps in an area where I know rats are (my attic), but it didn't attract any rats. That's pretty much all there is to say. Didn't work
This is more rant than review, so appreciate it for that, or not.Toro does not sell parts to fix these, nor for the previous 51598 model. The idea is to throw them away after a season or two (two in my case). This is not right and it is not appreciated at all and makes the device NOT RECOMMENDED even though it works well. I will check out a Sears blower because they have parts and nice parts diagrams. Maybe there are others.Mine was the usual smoking motor. Electrical motors have been around for a long time now and there is no excuse for making one that only lasts a few running hours. Simply just cheaply made junk. Don't blame the Mexicans who assembled it, they aren't responsible for the engineering or specifications and just put it together as well as anyone else could have.The CEO probably got a bonus for this. Let me do my little part to maybe prevent a couple of sales.This is disgusting and no amount of blowing power makes up for it if the company sucks.You have to wonder what other cute surprises this company has for you in their other products, even the big ticket stuff. You can assume this is an indication of what they chortle about around the boardroom table when they are passing out bonuses in a circle.Read all the reviews of those who have dealt with their service centers. There is a pattern there, one of essentially ripping off the customer and then treating them poorly. At least they should be gentle.I certainly suggest you keep looking and at least consider another brand.********************************* Update****************************I took the blower apart to see if I could fix this before I tossed it. The smoke was not coming from the switch as it appeared, and what others reported, but straight from the motor. I used light sandpaper to clean the armature and also the end of the brushes. It has since worked perfectly for many leaf-blowing sessions, even at full power. Maybe there was some sort of manufacturing debris or chemical on there that caused some sort of resistance or simply lit up. Anyway, not too hard and saves you some money and you don't have to throw it in the trash. Throw-away junk rant
Ok, I purchased this Hose on July 22, 2013.  I received it on Saturday 24, 2013.  Is light and it looked like it would last.  I liked that it has Lifetime.  The hose was leaking and bulging by August 18, 2013.  I always made sure I empty it after each use.  It does get partial Sun, not all day nor does it get Sun on the entire hose at any given time since we have two backyard trees.  Amazon was great and when I called them on August 19, 2013 they immediately shipped a replacement.  I figured, all manufactured good can have a percentage of products with factory defect, no harm done.  The second Hose arrived on August 20, 2013.  On September 4, 2013 the second one exhibit the exact issue.  Called Amazon and they refunded my money.  I don't think two defective Hose in such a short time is a fluke and I'm tired of packing a hose to ship back every month.  I will now go back to doing research. In the mean time I have to water 14 planters,10sq feet of garden area with two, 2 gallon watering cans, let the fun begin. Last, I thought of contacting Gilmore but, if this were to continue I would be out around 5 bucks every month to ship the ends to Gilmour not to mention the hassle. 2 bad Hose from July 22 to Sept. 4th 2013
In my experience, it always takes a few days before for the birds start eating from the newly hung feeder, and this feeder was no exception.  It is the second feeder in my front  yard, the first being a Brome.  And so far, the birds still prefer the Brome to the No/No feeder.  The No/No feeder has very little rain protection for the seeds, as the mesh part, where the seeds are, is completely open.Also, if purchasing this feeder, it does not include a hook to hang it in a tree, just the handle on top of the feeder.**Edit Oct 3, 2013 -- changing rating from 4 stars to 1.  The seeds stay piled up in the middle of the feeder and do not slide down to the tray or sides without help.  So I finally removed it from the tree as I find it to much work to keep shaking the seeds down.  And I really dislike the fact of taunting birds with seeds just out of reach. not worth it
I was surprised when this arrived and it was only the metal support brackets.  From the original title, I was expecting a flower box with the adjustable brackets.  The directions included were useless to me, and the pictures weren't much help either.The completed project was a rather flimsy bracket that tips forward from a 4.5&#34; railing.I cannot imagine this bracket holding much weight.  Perhaps fake flowers, but not potting soil! Bracket only / No Flower Box
Despite being &#34;adjustable&#34;, there is no good way for me to mount this on the rail surrounding my deck.  (In case it matters: I have a 2-by-6 horizontal top rail, with a horizontal 2-by-4 rail centered below and parallel to it, and 5.5 inches separating the top of one from the top of the other.)The thin metal rack has adjustable brackets to fit a variety of top rails, but then there is no good way to stabilize it...it just hangs loosely on that top rail.  The rack includes an extra metal section that seems to be for stability, but my railing is such that it won't actually connect to it.  Probably with some extra pieces of wood, and maybe some tools to bend some of the metal on the holder, I could make it more stable, but I would rather not go to these lengths for a flower box holder.Without some stability, this can barely hold anything except the lightest of flower boxes.I think CobraCo has some quality products (I have a copper fire pit from them that I really like), but I don't care for this at all. Awkward, flimsy
I was rather disappointed in the Bird Scare Tape.  Within two days I had birds trying to carry the tape off.  They would get it in their beak, then try and fly away.  It didn't provide much of a 'scare' to the birds. Bird Scare Tape
Very disappointed in this product. Set it up according to instructions but I did not get a single moth!  I think that the pheromone lures were not strong enough and they just said forget it. Some of these "Safer" products are great for the environment but dont do the job well or at all.Pass on this-get a stronger scented trap system. Not a single moth took a bite!
I read the other reviews and did not believe that so simple of a product could be so bad. This is a laughably bad product. It falls apart after one or two uses. If I owned a store I would be embarrased to sell it. If I manufactured it, Iwould do so under an assumed name. Stay clear of this product
I do not buy fancy bird food - sunflower seeds and generic seed and mealworms. I usually get it at the grocery store for around this price but with one snowstorm on top of another it was hard to get to the store so I ordered it from Amazon (I have Prime - thank Somebody). I have about 14 regular doves, several bluejays, a couple of pairs of cardinals, a small flock of starlings and innumerable junkos, sparrows and finches and one practically tame robin who gets the mealworms. Keep in mind, everything is still covered in snow, ice really, and they do not eat this.So this one star review is from my birds and who have given this feed The Bird. Birds give it The Bird
This Victor Fly Magnet did NOT solve the FLY problem on our patio and throughout the back yard. In fact, we don't usually have a fly problem, but this trap brought them to our yard in huge hoards - some flies found their way into the trap - but most just hung around the patio, rushing inside every time we used the door. Finally got rid of the fly problem by getting rid of the Victor Fly Magnet! NOT recommended. Does not work for us!
The short of it is that this trap was used for at least 2 months using peanut butter as bait and it did not catch a single mouse or rat.  I've read that others have had far more success, but it didn't work for us.The batteries are nearly impossible to get into the unit and there the switch does not tell you if the unit is on or off.  Because it's not clear whether or not the unit is powered up, it's potentially dangerous, as you could shock yourself.Because this unit did not work for us, I cannot recommend it. Didn't work for me
UPDATE--After a few weeks, we hadn't caught anything, and the 4 C batteries were dead. Put in fresh batteries and tried it again. Two weeks later, the batteries are dead again, the food bait is gone, and I give up on this contraption. Great idea, but it just doesn't seem to work.Whether you live in the country, suburbs, or city, eventually you will be faced with a rodent problem. We've had issues in our crawl space. We first used cheap traps. Unfortunately, they were difficult to set and sometimes only maimed the poor critters. We then purchased a scary looking trap that did the job. However, it was so gross we ended up throwing out the trap and all.We are now using this device in the crawl space. We haven't caught anything yet, but we are sold on the idea that we don't ever have to touch the rat. Although expensive, this seems to be the best solution. Stopped working after less than two months
This pool rake is sorry quality and doesn't last.  It did not last even one pool season.  In fact it broke after 2 months of use.  The netting is OK but the plastic frame is weak and broke rendering the tool useless.  Don't waste your money! Sorry Quality
I received the package late, the package was dumped upside down next to the door, and after refrigerating them for a day, i found the majority of them were dead. I would say under 100 actually survived to be released. Not very happy with this at all.After doing a little research (a little too late, but whatever, i found you can order them directly from High Sierra, which you can find online. Again, that is High ?@@#$# Sierra). Most of the distributors apparently purchase from them first, so why not avoid the middle man? I will be (no shipping costs either). The majority of them were dead.
I hate to gripe about this purchase as I enjoyed releasing the few ladybugs that I did receive. Suffice it to say that I hand-released most of these little ladies and was done in under an hour. There were a number of ladybug corpses, but still only about 100 or so. I don't know what this company is doing when it comes to parceling out these bugs, but they need to find a new method.As for what the bugs did after they were released, well that isn't the company's fault. They do tend to wander off. Still, I keep seeing ladybugs near the release location and there were only about 100 of them to begin with. I feel like the few bugs hanging aroundI'd make a stink about being ripped off if I thought 10 bucks was worth the aggro. Still, this is definitely a case of "buyer beware". Go try your local nursery for bugs if you need them, that way you'll be able to see what you're getting before you shell out the money. Not even close to 200 bugs in this container
I had my first chance to try this today, killing a wasp that got in the house. A bit of delicate task, considering we're allergic. The Executioner failed miserably and definitely didn't live up to its name. It didn't even stun or slow down the little bugger, let alone injure or kill it, despite multiple direct hits. In the end, a rolled up magazine combined with a squish under a shoe took care of the wasp.But further investigation showed the "Executioner" to be totally useless. I tentatively touched it myself and felt nothing. Full hand on the metal; still nothing. Changed batteries. Again, nothing. The only thing this does, as far as a I can tell, is turn on a little red light in the handle to make you think it's working. Big, fat waste of money. Doesn't Work
We have had this tiler for a few years now and since we were moving, just stored it until we were moved.  So, moving aside, we drug this thing out and guess what? It worked for a little bit then quit.  It wouldn't restart, and then the motor started smoking!  What a ridiculous machine!  SO wish I would have saved the money on this thing and bought the other tiller that's the Number 1 seller on amazon.  This thing is a total piece of junk!  And, I'm now out the $330 I paid for it.  Brother! The absolute worst thing I've ever bought from amazon!
We purchased two of these. We were excited to get them quickly and we put them together with no problems. We knew they weren't going to be the highest quality, but we thought they would do the job. We put a total of 6 small plants (herbs and vegetable seedlings) split between the 2 greenhouses. We also put things like our small shovel, empty watering can, and bag of soil on the bottom shelves. There is no recommended maximum weight listed on the product listing, the box, or the directions. We figured we should be okay since we had much less than what is pictured on the box and also on the product listing here.Not even 24 hours after setting these up both crashed to the ground. Pots broke, plants were tossed upside down, and everything was a mess. It was difficult to get everything out safely since the plastic was zipped up and the opening was facing the ground. Once we got everything out, we noticed the plastic supports on both of our greenhouses broke. They could not hold the weight. That is unfortunate considering there wasn't that much sitting in the greenhouse to begin with.We will definitely be returning both of these.I wouldn't bother wasting your money on this. We've decided to spend a little more and get a heavy duty rack like this one:Seville Classics SHE18487 18-Inch by 48-Inch by 72-Inch Shelving System with Wheels, Chromeand then wrap heavy duty plastic around the back and sides. For the front, we are going to attach a second piece of plastic with velcro so it is removable. Same effect, but at least we can be certain it won't come crashing down.--In case this review doesn't scare you away and you are still curious about the dimensions between the shelves:-There is 12.5" between each shelf.-The top shelf has 20.5" of space at it's highest point.If you are having trouble keeping the wire shelves flat across the supports, you can bend them slightly downward so they fit better. This stopped ours from moving around so much....well before they came crashing down. :/ So disappointing. Don't throw your money away!
I bot this hoping it would protect my feeder but the squirrels got right around it.  At first they would fall off, but then they eventually figured it out.  Also, in a windy storm my feeder and the bottom hook on the underside of the baffel fell right off.  Hook is lost in the snow, had to buy a new one at hardware store.  Can not recommend this.  Am going to try to coat it wish vaseline or wd40, see if that works.  Otherwise it is on to another feeder. Does not work
This bird feeder is a total piece of crap.  It's made of cheap thin plastic with teensy connectors to bring both halves together.  Two of the flimsy connection prongs immediately broke upon insertion.  I doubt the product cost 25 cents to make.  Avoid this poorly made feeder. Worst product ever offered on Amazon
I have been using this for over a year in order to really give it a chance.  I've used it on various potted plants as well as plants in the garden.  I really wanted this stuff to work but I wanted to be objective.  I only used it on half of my plants of each variety to see if there would be a difference.  Soil, fertilisers, care, light etc were all the same but only half got the "Superthrive".  ABSOLUTELY NO DIFFERENCE.  It didn't seem to harm the plants but also made ZERO difference to growth, flowering, size or taste.  Obviously some people love this stuff but I can't see why...placebo effect?  If it was as spectacular as it claims, then why wouldn't it be a standard product for all commercial growers?  Bottom line for them is money and obviously they see this as a waste...as do I. Nothing
This review applies to ALL Miracle-Gro brand fertilizer-feeders, includingMiracle-Gro 100410 Lawn and Garden FeederMiracle-Gro 101411 LiquaFeed Starter KitMiracle-Gro 101411 LiquaFeed All Purpose Plant Feeding SystemandMiracle-Gro 100511 LiquaFeed Advance Starter KitI totally agree with ALL of you who have posted on the "rip-off" index of these products. My "other half" bought these one of each type at local home improvement warehouse on two different occasions thinking how easy it would be to use. She did not realize how EXPENSIVE it would be for the LiquaFeed Kits, it just looked EASY. Not only are the refill cartridges costly, the things LEAK, don't dispense evenly and is basically garbage! (Maybe she has learned on 2nd time around, then again ... )Miracle-Gro bulk granular water soluble fertilizers of various types are great! I have never burned any plants with them (see note below) and have healthy excellent looking flowers, plants and few veggies. But Miracle-Gro equipment is JUNK, including this item and Miracle Gro Lawn & Garden Feeder Miracle-Gro 100410 Lawn and Garden Feeder.  They are made of BRITTLE plastic, as I stated LEAK, do not mix & dispense fertilizer well, and break easily.AVOID these products.( NOTE: I do apply in cool of morning or after sunset here in HOT central Texas, and after going around fertilizing ALL plants, come back and "mist off" any fertilizer that may still be too concentrated on leaves and water plants. ) AVOID this Product!
Squirrels learned in a few days how to get around this.  I wasted my money but you don't have to. Don't waste your money.
Didn't like it, returned it, it didn't work at all.  I trap mice all the time in the metal wire cages, and this caught nothing.  Sorry, charlie--useless to me. snap mouse trap
The lid will not stay snapped shut, thus the suction needed to draw the water into the plant is not present.  Could not get it to deliver water to the planter. Poorly designed
I followed the instructions that accompanied this loser and the results were poor. The lid on the tank will not stay closed. I had planned to use this outside but without the lid staying shut this would be an excellent hangout for mosquitos so I left it outside for only about a week and a half. I dropped (pushed would be a better word) the "hose" through the hole in the lid. Instructions say insert it until the tip reaches the bottom. I pushed the entire "hose" through the hole and it never reached the bottom but remained suspended in the water about two thirds of the way down. The tank hangs on the side of the pot all lopsided and really looks as tacky as all getout. No water ever transferred from the tank to the flower pot during the week or so that I left it outside.Not sure where this was made although there is a USA address on the cardboard but it does not say "manufactured in". However I would not blame any manufacturer for not wanting to admit to making this butt-ugly and worthless recycling candidate.There has to be a much better offering of plant watering products than this. Look elsewhere for something that has at least a smidgeon of quality which this does not. Stay away from this - far, far away. A Piece Of Junk
2nd UPDATE:The sensor was empty today. I thought I made a mistake the first time this happened. Since this has happened three times & the two sensors I've been using for years still have water in them, there must be something wrong with the Plant Sitter. I noticed that the Plant Sitter feeding tube is smaller in diameter than the sensors I've used for years. Maybe that's the problem. I don't know for sure, all I know is that the Plant Sitter sensor is not siphoning water like it should be.My rating went from 3 stars to 1 star.UPDATE:After setting this system up using 3 sensors (one that came with the plant sitter & two I previously owned), I thought everything was working normally. After a few days I checked each sensor again to be sure each was full of water. I was surprised that the sensor that came with the Plant Sitter was empty again. The other 2 sensors were full of water - like they're supposed to be. I soaked the empty sensor for 15 minutes then re-filled it with water. I will check in a few days to see if it is empty again. If so, I will update my review & reduce the star rating.~~~~~~~~~~~~~ORIGINAL REVIEWI've used self-watering probesSelf-Watering Probes - Package of 5for indoor & outdoor plants successfully for many years. I use gallon milk containers as the water reservoir.  The CobraCo 6000 Plant Sitter works the same way way as the ceramic probes I used in the past & it comes with its own 1 quart reservoir.To use self-watering ceramic sensors:~Remove cap~SOAK the ceramic cone/probe  10-15 minutes in water (Cobra forgot to add this important step to its product label instructions)~Fill the cone/sensor ALL the way to the top then recap it.~Push the ceramic sensor into the soil. I always make sure the ceramic portion is completely pushed into the soil.~Fill the reservoir with water.  To feed  your plants, add a little liquid fertilizer to the water.~Drop the feeding tube into the water reservoir making  sure it rests on the bottom. (For the Cobra Plant Sitter, drop the end of the tube through the center hole on the reservoir's lid)~Cover the top of the reservoir so that the water won't evaporate & so mosquitoes won't get in if you're using it outside. (The Plant Sitter has a lid, but the lid doesn't snap closed. To keep the lid closed, I put a rubber band around each side of the reservoir. If I was using the Plant Sitter outside, I would cover the center hole & the feeding tube with aluminum foil)~IMPORTANT: Always set your Plant Sitter up a week before you leave to be sure it's working properly. (I noticed that the water level in the reservoir hadn't changed in a week. I pulled the ceramic sensor out, removed the cap & saw the cone was completely empty...that's why it wasn't working. I filled it back up, put the cap back on, pushed the sensor back into the soil; by the end of the day, the reservoir's water level was going down)...see my UPDATEA few tips:~Larger plants will need at least two ceramic probes/sensors.~Depending on type, size & season, a plant will require from 8 ounces to 32 ounces of water weekly. I find that for my plant in a 6" pot, the Plant Sitter's one quart reservoir will water it for approximately 2 weeks.~If you rely on the Plant Sitter to always water your plants, you should water the plant from the top once a month.~The level of the water in the reservoir should be below the cap on the ceramic sensor. Raising the reservoir increases the flow rate; lowering it reduces the flow.~If the reservoir runs out of water, you need to refill it & you will also need to refill the ceramic sensor.The Plant Sitter's reservoir is a nice translucent color, not flashy or showy, so it won't detract from your plant. It's too tall for some of my smaller indoor plants. So I sit it near the plant instead of hanging it on the pot.I added two more sensors & am using the Plant Sitter to water three plants at a time. The center hole is large enough for me to thread two feeding tubes through it, but I had to put the other tube under the lid; two rubber bands are holding the lid closed. I'm sure the reservoir will need to be filled  often, but the plants have been so thirsty lately that I haven't been watering them enough. I'm expecting happier plants by using the Plant Sitter.Amazon's product description is confusing to me. It mentions both a 1 quart reservoir & a 2 quart reservoir. I received a 1 quart reservoir & one ceramic sensor.Made in ChinaThis is a 4 star product, but I deducted 1 star because an important step was not included on the product's label instructions & the lid doesn't snap closed.~~~~~~~~ Updated Review  ... I have experience with ceramic plant  watering probes/sensors
Although not a bad concept, and upon seeing it you think, "Why not?  I'll give it a try," this item works better in theory than in practice.You can't really rely on it to keep your plants alive.  I think another review said you had to siphon the thing first.  That kind of takes away the "automatic" idea.  Maybe my expectations of the product were a little too high, and my review sounds a bit harsh, but when I see automatic, I want something truly automatic.Not only that, the system is a real eye-sore.Maybe plant sitting technology is still in its infancy and hopefully it will improve in the future.  I'm glad to see other users were able to get something out of the product.  I wish CobraCo the best of luck and hope they can some day live up to my higher expectations. Not Recommended
This is supposed to be a hummingbird feeder, not a nectar fountain....... It IS big, and once assembled, it looks attractive. It was fairly easy to assemble except for the little yellow centers, which kept popping out and flying onto the floor, but once that was taken care of the unit was impressive, looked very nice.Adding the cylinder, which I had thankfully  filled only 1/3 with sugar syrup, was an unwieldy process, But  I did that over the kitchen sink and once I mastered that and everything was in place, and the feeder was ready to hang on my balcony -- that was when I noticed the syrup dripping out from UNDER the red flowers. Had it been dripping out from under ONE of the flowers I might have been more forgiving but ALL the flowers were leaking. Nuh Uh --  I just installed a new balcony rug and there is NO way I am going to hang that on my balcony.Like some of the other reviewers did, I will disassemble it, and GLUE the flowers on to see if THAT helps. If that doesn't work then this product is  waste of everyone's time. Drip....Drip....Drip...
I do love the size and the 6 ports to feed from but I can already see it is hard to open and fill and get closed right again so it doesn't leak. I don't really expect this to last more than this season. Don't get this size unless you have a lot of hummers coming because you should refill your feeder and clean it once a week so if you fill it full and don't have enough hummers to use it up there will be a lot of waste. If you don't need that much just fill it half full. You can always add more if needed but be sure to clean your feeder every time you put more syrup in it for them to drink.You really need to push firmly on each piece as you put the feeder flowers on and the center parts. If they aren't on right they will just fall off so you'll know if you did it right or not. The stand for the hummer feet are on securely because they have little cut outs for them to fit tightly before screwing them tight onto the feeder. Just take your time putting these features on so you don't break them.UPDATE: The little yellow centers in each flower that are snapped in independently are coming off. The Orioles keep playing with them and they are coming off even though I had them on securely. Now there is an opening large enough for any bird, fly, wasp, etc. to get into the juice. Not a good thing. When this is empty I won't use it again. Spend more and get a nice glass feeder, they are the best. Perky-Pet 220 The Grand Master 48-Ounce Hummingbird Feeder
I've been a tomato gardener for 20 years now, and support means everything.  This "cage" might be good for a determinate tomato, but for an out of control, constantly growing indeterminate variety, especially with large fruits, this will be useless.First off, this item came ridiculously bubble wrapped, and was extremely frustrating to get undone.  I managed to break off 3 snaps, rendering 3 of the supports useless.  Is that my fault?  Yes, but in my defense, the bubble wrap was so tight and glued, and wasn't easy to open up.The stakes themselves are too short, 5' and "Strong steel core stakes" is laughable at best.  These "Strong steel core stakes" are the same stakes available at Home Depot, Lowes, or any local nursery, and while they're okay, "strong" is not a word I'd use to describe them.  You want strong, get rebar.I ended up putting these "Strong steel core stakes" around an obelisk that I am using for my cucumbers, which fit perfectly when I attached the 2 remaining rows of the supports together. Too small, too flimsy
The materials that this Aerator was manufactured from, were worthless.  I took it out of the box, and went outside to stir my compost pile.  Two days ago, I had removed the sticks, which had mixed into the vines, leaves and such that were in the pile. This left me with about a foot of well degraded plant material, mixed with dirt, and random fine roots.  I started to jab the pointed  end into the pile. However, the wings which are suppose to fold down and then stir the pile, simply stayed up. I would pull them down manually, and when it was placed back into the pile, they'd immediately fold back up. &#34;At least the bottom tip is mixing up the mulch&#34; I thought to myself.  After about 15-20 minutes, I looked at the tip, which was bent to the side about 45 degrees. The cheap paint on the steel (?) had flaked off the tip too.Usually garden tools last a lifetime. In fact, I have garden tools I inherited from uncles long dead, so they are lasting TWO lifetimes.  Nevertheless I can accept if a garden tool only lasts a few decades.  Or at least lasts a few years.  But when you get a tool, and it only lasts a FEW MINUTES?  Perhaps the company changed the materials that they make the aerator from, or they changed the company that they subcontracted to mold the metal tip. If you look at other recent reviews, others have also encountered the tip bending over, or the wings that bend down so you can stir, not bending down.  I hope the company fixes this problem, because this seems to be a good tool for mixing the compost pile.  Unless you have a shovel. Tip bent after 20 minutes of use
Unfortunately I'm not able to recommend this product as it appears to have poor quality control. This arrived with a broken handle/hose bib despite no evidence of wear/tear to the box or packing. Basically unable to use in current condition and trying to find a replacement hose bib that fits to repair isn't worth the time or effort of driving across town with this thing in tow. AVOID. Arrived with broken hose bib
I have two gardens, one off of each end of the house. They need a lot of watering. It's always been extra work adjusting the water flow from the hose. (Walking back and forth to the house each time). I tried the hose "Y's" which have a switch to adjust the flow at the garden, but they're on the ground, generally upside down and are hard to adjust since the levers are very small.The Bib Extender has been placed next to the garden with the hose attached. With the faucet on at the house, it is an easy and convenient way to adjust the water flow.  It is up a couple of feet and has a good faucet handle. The shaft which goes into the ground is very solid and the whole unit is simple. I did find that it is important to use a pliers to tighten the hose connection onto the Bib Extender to prevent leaks. I also find this true on the house faucets since the "rubber" seals are generally plastic, not rubber anymore. I have had the water on at the house for a few days and see no problem with leaking. I will just leave the water on at the house and use only the Bib Extender for turning on and off the water and making adjustments.As of May 24, 2014 the on/off handle broke off in just normal use. The product should not be purchased. Yard Butler
I have many styles of bird feeders all around my yard. This seemed like it would be a pretty addition; one that I thought would look lovely outside my window.  I loved the idea that it closed when something heavy landed on it. I have other feeders that do this so I thought that this would be made the same way and react to weight the same way as the others.It did NOT.  When anything heavier than a goldfinch landed on it it would close---and STAY that way.  At first I thought I just had very stupid birds - they would land on the feeder and then hop around like they were looking for a port they could eat out of.  But when I went out to see what was wrong, I saw their dilemma. They just couldn't find a port because the whole thing just closed and stayed closed.It was this way not matter how I adjusted the springs.I don't want my feathered friends to starve, so I will be taking this down right this minute. Can Not Recommend
I would have rated this feeder a "0" or - 1 star if available. I bought this feeder about 9 months ago and should have taken it back then. The birds liked it at first, then stopped feeding from it even though it was 3/4 full of seeds. When I took it down, I saw that the remaining 3/4 of the seed were wet and matted together in a moldy "brick". It took about one hour to "clean" it and clean up the mess in my kitchen. Neither the lid nor the base is removable for cleaning, so there's no way to remove and clean the seeds from half way down to the bottom. To prevent the squirrels getting the lid off, it's designed to pull up a little way and tilt to the side for adding seed.If you turn the feeder upside down to shake out the old seeds, the lid (spring mechanism) pops back in place. That doesn't really matter because the seeds are wet and compacted into a brick anyway. I had to push a 13" screwdriver into each port and try to loosen the seeds while running hot water through the top (cold water didn't work). I must have used 10 gallons or more of hot water and ran the garbage disposer the entire time I was attempting to clean this horrible "feeder". I bet it cost me $5 to clean the feeder.It's impossible to reach downward with a screwdriver to force the seeds loose, and you can't clean it because you can't get a brush in vertically. It's a HORRIBLE design. Once I flushed and poked most of the seeds out, I soaked the feeder in a big bucket of soapy water, then flushed it again. I still did not get out all the old moldy seeds.Since I could not get inside to dry it, I had to set the feeder on the floor near a heat register for THREE DAYS to dry it out. The birds left my yard and it took a couple weeks before they came back.After all that work, I decided that the wet seeds must have been a fluke -- perhaps the result of a heavy sideways rain or snow. So instead of returning the "feeder", I filled it again. Duh!! Within a week, the same thing happened. I took it down.It's been 9 months since I bought it, but I'm returning it to Lowe's tomorrow.This bird feeder is readily available for $19.99 at ANY big box store, yet online stores still try to sell it for much more. This feeder isn't worth 50 cents EXCEPT...for the fun of watching the squirrels try to get the seed. They cannot, and after less than a week, they gave up and went away. After that, I couldn't even use the feeder for fun.Buy a Brome feeder, and buy a 16-18" diameter clear dome to hang over the top. It protects the birds from the weather while they eat. Of all the feeders in my yard, birds prefer the one with the dome. 10" and 12" domes don't protect the birds or the ports.UPDATE:  I never complained to Woodstream Corp. about this feeder. However, Woodstream saw my review and a Customer Rep. sent me the nicest letter! She said "Your comments concerning the design and experience cleaning this model feeder have been shared with our product development team." I believe Woodstream genuinely cares about customers and making good products. To make up for my inconvenience with the Perky-Pet 336 Squirrel-Be-Gone Wild Bird Feeder, Woodstream sent me a Perky-Pet 337 Squirrel-Be-Gone Wild Bird Feeder as a replacement. It has three tubes so I can use 3 different kinds of seeds, and the lid comes off by unscrewing a large knob on top. Much easier! I didn't like the Perky-Pet 336 Squirrel-Be-Gone Wild Bird Feeder, but I LOVE Customer Service at Woodstream Corp.!! It's top notch--more than a 5-star rating. THANK YOU, Woodstream. Worst Bird Feeder I EVER Bought
It's an interesting design but has a major flaw: The feeder tube is plastic and squirrels chewed through it in just a few weeks. Now the seed just pours out and the feeder useless. Junk
When I germinate seeds in peat pots, I put the pots in cooking trays and keep some water in them which effectively becomes a self-watering container. The Jiffy pots held up well. These basically fell apart when I tried to plant the germinated plants.I would not use again. Don't Hold Up Well when Wet
I have used the peanut butter Suit cakes from this company with great success to the point the birds fought over it, HOWEVER this Suit DD-24 melt into a blob in 90 - 100 degree temperatures we have been having and the birds take one peck and leave it for seeds. Now I'm stuck with 11 more of these things.If my birds become active (I'll give it another 2 weeks) with this I'll update and make an edit but right now it's thumbs down and I should have ordered more of what worked before (peanut butter suit). Melts and my birds won't eat it
It appears to just randomly beep!Sweeping the same area gives different results very time. No volume control, so when it beeps its very annoying.I tried to locate some buried copper wires without success. They are buried 1 foot deep and this thing missed them and then beeped in other areas doing one pass but not the other. I even went over an area that had the clear line of where the ire was buried, and it didn't beep once.Yawn. Waste of time. Junk
Before I start this review, I do need to preface it with the fact that I ordered this from the Warehouse deals section here in amazon.  It was used, so I don't know if that is a factor or not.That said, we had to return this saw.  It never did cut through anything at all.  The chain kept falling off, no matter how many times we put the thing back on, it just wouldn't stay on.  Even took it to our neighbor, who is quite the handyman to look at and well, his opinion of it - you really can't say those types of words here!  I suppose if we reordered it again, new this time, that it might be different.  I'm not taking a chance, however, and I'm ordering the McCulloch here on amazon instead.  We've had 50 years of success with their chainsaws and well, guess I should have ordered that one in the first place.My purpose for writing this review is a bit of a beware if you're ordering something like this from Amazon's warehouse deals.  They don't check them very well sometimes when someone returns them and you can really wind up with a "dud."  Something as dangerous as a chainsaw can be, that could be quite worrisome.  I've had other items from the warehouse that had mismatched parts and after I returned them, they put them back online for someone else to buy!  Brother!  Just be careful, sometimes you really get what you pay for, or don't, in this situation. Not that great - sent it back
I really so wanted this to be a 5 star rating, but!I ordered this after the snows of last year to be ready for the new year snow.  I only needed it now because some neighborhood boys made me an offer I could not refuse and they shoveled me out the last snow.But the Mid Adlantic storm hit us hard in Jersey and I could not get any takers so I dug out my new machine.I bundled up with scarf and hat and I was ready.I was so excited to try my new toy.I pluged it in and nothing!!! Not even a whirrrr. Nothing.I changed outlets, a different cord still NOTHING!!I had to shovel what I have 'cause another one is coming tomorrow, urgh!I took it back to our local place I got it from and asked if they possibly had another, no.There were 5 standing in the corner, dare I ask? They all did not start and were going back I am not too angry, in fact I am going to try again since I believe it is a good product in general.If I hear anyone mention that granny (that is me) should not use this because it is heavy I will scream. They can come to my house and try out how heavy it is to shovel 2 feet of snow with a hand shovel.  I know I would have to shave the snow blah blah blah, but I know it would be a lot easier than what I just did.Don't even mention condos (been there done that) and nursing homes (will never do that), I can probably shovel faster and longer than any youngen'  :)If I get another one that works I hope I can up the rating, I am happy it works for most of you. Happy shoveling I hate to give this one star
Isn't the main feature of this gas can supposed to be that it cuts off automatically? Well, it does NOT do that and I am amazed at the rave reviews others have posted. Yes, it can be no-spill, but you have to cut the gas off manually. If you expect it to cut off automatically you will have gas everywhere. This is a deal-breaker for me and the source of my deep disappointment and disgust with this product.I followed the instructions and watched the videos on the manufacturer's site and the first time I tried to fill my edger's tank it overfilled and gushed all over and I had to quickly release the pushbutton to stop it.I tried again on my mower and it also never shut off and flowed over the sides of the tank. This gas can is a ridiculous waste of money.I bought three of these having blindly believed the good reviews, the videos on the manufacturer's site, and what seemed to me to be the soundness of the concept. Well, I now have some expensive gas cans that are no better than the traditional ones they were supposed to replace.I contacted the company and tried all their suggestions. These included making sure the cap is on super tight, making sure the spout is vertical down into the opening, and pushing the green button fully. Do those things and the gas is supposed to stop flowing when the tank is full. That would be great except that the gas continues to flow at an alarming rate as gasoline gushes everywhere. They do not shut off; they never shut off until the button is released.I have three of these silly over-hyped gas containers and truly wasted my money on them. If you are expecting them to shut off by themselves as advertised, you will be very disappointed, as I am. Does not auto shutoff. Gas goes everywhere!
These are great chairs, if you never take them outside, or let them get wet.Both of the ones I ordered rusted within three weeks (see pic posted in customer images), so I sent one back for a refund, and kept one.The reason I kept one is because I really do love the chairs, from the color, which is unique, and a perfect match for pool water, to the comfort, which is amazing.  REALLY comfortable, and I personally had no problems with the locking mechanism (it IS very cheap plastic, though, so I doubt it will last more than a couple years if that).BUT, the rust...big problem.  Obviously they didn't coat the hardware (screws and such), as these rust first.  Next the metal to metal contact areas of the chair rusted (they just spray the powder coating on, so this is just a poor spray job, since it IS possible to get this right).  This is a major problem since this is all along the frame, and immediately visible.Based on recent reviews vs. first reviews, I also believe Strathwood either changed manufacturers mid production, or the manufacturer themselves changed the process, or machinery...because the more recent reviews complain about rust quite often, but older reviews do not (and some of those even state they have left outdoors no problems). Love the chair, hate the rust
I have reviewed a couple of other mouse traps (the green plastic Smart Mouse Trap & the Havahart 1020) which work perfectly - this trap sat in the same garage where I am catching a mouse per day with the other traps, and its caught nothing in months.  It is a novel idea that I appreciate as an engineer, but mice avoid it. these are useless, but hey, they were cheap
I want to start out saying that anyone that wants to save a mouse is borderline retarded.  They are disease carrying vermin on the bottom of the food chain.  When caught by a fox, cat or other predator, they are slowly torn apart live or chewed live.  Setting one loose in the woods thinking you are saving it will likely do one of two things.  1. Sentence it to a much more violent and cruel death.  2. Allow it to breed so you can have hundreds (yes, hundreds) more in its place.  And many of these will find their way into homes.I tried these traps along side much much cheaper glue traps and snap traps.  The glue traps and snap traps were effective.  Not one of these caught a gosh darned thing.  When placed adjacent to traps of other types, they never touched the bait on the door entrance and never went in, but were snapped or glued instead every time.The mice choose the death traps over and over in favor of these useless pieces of plastic junk.  And now that I have them, they will likely end up at a local dump for 50000 years before they break down.Nice. Complete Joke On The So Called Humane, and non-biodegradable...
Useless product--didn't work for me at all.  I trap mice all the time in the metal cages and thought this would be a good alternative, but never caught one critter.  Sorry, charlie. mice cube
Sorry, but this did not rotate smoothly. It squeeked and chunked around at an uneven rate and just did not work on my relatively new Weber Genesis NG model. I called Weber and they said that each year the models change slightly, perhaps just a few centimeters which may prevent attachments from fitting correctly. The lady's final bit of information: &#34;Things aren't always perfect in the manufacturing process&#34;.  Many people have called attention to that ring &#34;handle&#34; at the end of the rotisserie. I too found it to be a terrible design flaw.You can't grab ahold of it to remove the rotisserie, it's very awkward, and very hot. Sadly, I had to this item. Oh my, the noise!
Do not buy.  The thumb is offset at a angle that makes gripping impossible. I boought some welding gloves instead. Grilling mitt
I ordered this to replace the basket on my Weber that had become rusted.Although it says it is the correct replacement part on the label it comes up short. Beware when ordering this product. Not sure if the mix up is on the manufacturing end or not. Basket Too Short!!!
This item was something I was anxious to get. But after receiving it I was a little disappointed.  Extremely small...smaller than expected.  the first time I used it, the handle jammed and when I tried to extend it the couple inches that it does extend, it was stuck. I dont like this item at all and would not recommend it. Go to the nearest hardware store and buy a small camping shovel. Does much better at 5 bucks or so. Use a spoon instead
This product gives me nightmares. Unlike the mostly successful Rat trap from Tomcat, this trap does not kill the mice but maims them instead. Whereas the rat snap trap would have an occasional rat that would get caught in with a paw instead of the entire body, this trap doesn't actually have enough power to kill the mouse. This means that you will have to do the job yourself if you catch a mouse in the trap. To add to that, the mouse in the trap will be bloody, in pain, and in a lot of shock from possibly being stuck in the trap for hours.This is just not worth it. Stay away! there are plenty of other more humane ways to deal with unwanted visitors
Of all the Tomcat products, this one has to be the worst. If it works at all, it tortures the poor mouse victim.  If you're a sadist into torturing little animals, this is for you.  If you're a decent person, get something that's more humane to take care of any rodent problem. Recommended for sadists only
I really like the Motomco Tomcat Rat Snap Trap version . . . powerful, easy to set, and well-designed for a reliable catch/kill.  I looked forward to good results from this Tomcat Mouse Snap Trap, and in fact had a ready test subject targeted, as my daughter had been reporting a mouse intruder in her 100 year old Victorian home with dungeon like basement.  I told her to hold off on deploying her old wood traps so I could  try out these just-received Tomcat Mouse Snap Traps.This mouse version of the trap was indeed, like the rat version, easy to set.  Just push on the heel of the lid, and it pivots and locks open.  That was where the good times ended.First problem was stolen bait.  I didn't have any of the recommended "Tomcat Mouse Attractant Gel" in my possession, so I tried pressing on a little glob of trusty sharp cheddar.  Problem is there's really nothing to press the bait onto but an essentially smooth plastic bait/trip platform.  I suspected the bait might get stolen.  It was.  And the second try also.  By this time, I was sure the mouse would be back for try number three, as this trap was just essentially functioning as a feeding station.This third try, I fashioned a paper clip to slip over the edge of the bait/trip platform and help hold the bait in place.  It worked.  A successful capture this time, but . . . .It didn't kill the mouse.  I was left with the task of having to put a trembling badly injured mouse out of its suffering.  I felt as sorry for the little guy as I would have a suffering dog or cat, and felt terrible for having put it in this state of injury.  I have trapped many mice over the years with the old-fashioned wooden Victor type traps.  Nine out of ten times (or more) they produced an instant kill.  That's what I'm looking for.I give the Tomcat Mouse Snap Trap a star for being easy to set with no pinched fingers, and they are indeed not likely to injure your children or pets.  But I consider these traps unacceptably inhumane and will not use these Tomcat mouse traps again. East set.  Stolen bait.  A failed kill.
After using the old wooden mouse traps for years, I discovered they just don't seem to work as well as they used to and mice would often lick the traps clean.  So, I began buying different traps to experiment and see if I could find a better trap.  The TOMCAT REUSABLE MOUSETRAP was one of the traps I tried.  The traps say that they offer a "clean to-touch disposal" whose "patented design is guaranteed effective".  I should have contacted the company about that guarantee because these traps do not work at all. I tried using these traps for a week. Each morning I would awaken to find the traps still set, but licked clean of the peanut butter and cheese. After trying to catch mice for a week using TOMCAT REUSABLE MOUSE TRAPS I gave up and threw the traps away. Even though the wooden traps aren't as reliable as they used to be, they at least caught a mouse eventually. These traps are a waste of money. DO NOT buy. Waste of Time and Money
Great looking base, but does not fit Q100 grill. Fits all of the others, but not the 100 model. Stupid! I will probably end up rigging a base platform for the Q100 to sit on, maybe out of cement backerboard. It is good looking, and does a nice job of hiding the propane tank. Some of the nuts weren't machine right resulting in a trip to the hardware store. Does NOT fit Q100 grill
This item does NOT &#34;hold up&#34;. .  .after several weeks, it starts leaking and some of the 'functions' do not work like when it was new. . . AND when you screw it on a metal hose end .. there is something in the 'composition' of the female end that permanently 'bonds' with the hose, making it impossible to unscrew! It is like a chemical reaction between the nozzle and the hose end that cements the two together !! NOW, I have to cut the end of the hose off, to change out the nozzle. . . UNACCEPTABLE !! UNACCEPTABLE !!
Regarding the Gilmour brass garden hose nozzle models 528 and 528T528 (rubber jacketed verison of the 528T):I bought this Gilmour nozzle first and...It Broke!!! well, LEAKS is a better choice of words...where the shaft of the inner core mates with the base of the nozzle that screws onto the hose. They are two separate parts that appear to be press-fit togetther! And it leaks alot...not just drip, 2 seconds, drip..it has become a small trickle. Worse, the core and the outer twist part now spin at the faulty juncture effectively preventing the adjustability of the spray. To try and make this clearer, I can no longer grasp the long outer jacket and twist to adjust the spray, because it spins at the faulty juncture. Haven't even had it 4 months.528T:I bought this nozzle based soley on the positive reviews. Upon inspection of this nozzle when it arrived, it became immediately clear that the same 'press-fit' manufacturing technique was used in the assembly of the 528T as in the rubber jacketed 528. The Gilmour products that utilize this 'press fit' manufacturing technique have, in my experience, an unacceptable failure rate, and are not the perfect hose nozzles we thought they might be...but this one might be:Dramm 12380 Heavy-Duty Brass Adjustable Hose NozzleWarrantyGilmour covers this product, (and presumably the 528), with a 'Lifetime Replacement Policy' stating they will replace the product free of charge. They do not provide a telephone number on the packaging but rather an address, and a P.O. box number at that. I have no doubt they will send you another one, 'free of charge'. But who wants it? Especially in light of the fact that there are better products out there that cost no more. I understand few people like negative reviews but I really am trying to save you $10!
I recently ordered several live traps because the reviews on all were mixed.  The Kness Tip Trap has worked for us.  Don't remember which ones I ordered, but it appears I never received this one. Guess I didn't get this one?
I&#8217;m the type of person who believes every product deserves a fair chance, boy was I wrong with this one! Yes I admit the idea was great but it does not work.I properly hooked this up and used the supplied spike to give this the leverage I felt it needed; I even tightened the hose securely and used the washers that were suggested with this purchase. It leaked all over the ground and left a puddle in my grass, and this wasn't even the beginning of my issues.I adjusted the noodles with the water off and they still wouldn&#8217;t stay bent once the water was on. I tried to adjust them with the water on and still no luck.This leaves puddles, it does not cover the areas well it just sprays in the air and hits the grass leaving a big mess. It almost seems like it&#8217;s missing something maybe a mist feature?Overall save your money with this one a buy a sprinkler. The Gilmour 196SPB Pattern Master Impulse Sprinkler on Polymer Sled Base works great for me! I left a review for this item as well. Listen To The Reviews With This One!
Nothing but flimsy cardboard shoved inside cheap plastic. If you have slippers or sandles, you'll be OK..... butanything more, forget it. I'm looking to replace this piece of garbage. Save your money and put it toward something more substantial.......not this. JUNK, PLAIN & SIMPLE
I bought this smoker and great hopes for it, but quickly ran into problems. The smoker/wood chip area comes in two parts - a holder box and a tray. The holder box was not attached correctly and where you put in the chips was not even attached to the side of the box correctly. It was at an angle. The smoker tray I received seemed to have been manufactured in an incorrect size and wouldn't fit in the holder. The tray also seems to have been made from very thin and cheap metal. I can't imagine that it would last very long. Screws were missing for the electronic controls. As a result I couldn't even put it together and ended up taking it back.I guess the 90 day warranty should have been a clue, but Amazon doesn't mention that fact.Admittedly this is an inexpensive Chinese made smoker, but the quality I got is the worst I've ever had in a consumer product. I am still looking for an electric smoker, but will go for a more expensive stainless steel model. Most of these come with two year parts warranties.Buyer Beware.Addon - Masterbuilt finally admitted that I had a faulty unit and sent me a replacement. The new replacement was of much better construction and went together easily. 90 day Warranty - I returned mine
I bought this last summer based on the positive reviews that it had.  I was hoping for the best and this was a great umbrella while it lasted (about 2 months), but the top bar snapped during a light wind gust one day.  BAM! The umbrella was open and it just suddenly landed on the table underneath it. The pole was still standing, just the fabric part of the umbrella (where it was attached at the top center) is what broke off.  From the beginning I knew it never could be open on a slightly windy day because of blowing over.  You can only have this open on a day when the air is very still.  You must also buy patio blocks or some sort of weighted devices to keep it in place.  I couldn't believe how quickly it tipped over every day I had it opened when there was any bit of a breeze.  It was not repairable and I had to throw it out before mid-summer. It did give nice shade while it lasted so I gave it one star. Ace Evert Offset Umbrella didn't last 2 months!
I started using this "device"  after finding evidence of a mole in my yard, but I believe the mole left before I inserted this "solar spike", so I can't at this point be particularly positive or negative about the product. I do plan on using it again if more moles or gophers appear this spring, so I will follow up on this review then.Review Update as of September 1, 2013:  Having used this device for a reasonable period of time, I can attest to the fact that it apparently does not work!  Another reviewer has said that it seems to work, but only in harder soils. The reason it "seems" to work in hard soils is that moles don't LIKE hard soil, so they move to where you are watering or elsewhere to soft soil.  I recently noticed a HUGE mole hole just a couple feet from this Sweeney spike, where the soil is softer. Moles really don't seem to mind these sonic devices, because as long as they find soft soil, they quickly adapt to the sonar output. Update: This product simply doesn't work!
I selected the Sip & Seed feeder from Vine because I do love to watch birds, and especially want to provide water.  It's so much fun to watch birds play in water on a hot day!I used shelled safflower for the feed side.  We moved last year, and at our old place we had no squirrels at all.  But there are a few here, and after doing some research decided on safflower meats.  Yes, it is more expensive, but I don't have to clean up hulls.  I've had lots of wrens, and a cardinal (maybe two, I'm not sure), and some sparrows.  No blue jays yet, but they don't usually come to feeders in these parts till later in the year.I hung the feeder from a shepherd's hook.  It looks fabulous right now, but I don't think the plastic reservoirs are going to hold up, and the way they're made, they're kind of difficult to clean.  To be honest, I haven't had any takers for water yet, but we've had rain every day for weeks.  It only stopped raining yesterday.  Come summer, bacteria and mold can build up in that plastic, and if you've ever owned a plastic feeder, you know how difficult it is to remove oil from the seeds and mildew from wet, hot plastic.  Eventually the wind and birds will scratch it too.  Well, really, the most important thing is safe feeding and watering for the birds, right?  Glass would be pretty heavy, but much easier to clean.Yes, this is a nice-looking dual feeder/waterer.  But you can get a much cheaper, uglier but functional feeder with a tray and perch for about ten dollars; just get one made with easy-access openings for cleaning and enjoy birding!4/4/12 - I came back to update my review.  This thing is absolutely horrible.  The wind rocks both units, causing the water to spill out.  When it gets close to empty, the wind blows that one clean off!  So I started using just the seed container, with the safflower.  Well, the safflower gets jammed in the feeder.  I was very excited at first, but the birds stopped coming because the seed was all stuck up in the jar.  And the first time the seed gets wet?  Fuhgeddaboutit.  You have to empty it and refill.  I finally gave up on it. Epic Fail
My order arrived promptly and in un-damaged condition.After just 3 days of use, the Orbit #62024 Watering Timer started leaking internally -- and it got progressively worse for the next 2 days. Attempts to repair it were useless, as the cheap plastic construction gave signs of more problems in the future.I wasted my money on this poorly-made piece of junk, but Amazon's great Returns Policy made good for the bad unit. I'm hoping for better luck with another Orbit model.UPDATE -- 20 December,2012 --I tried a different model -- Orbit 91213 One-Dial Garden Hose Digital Water Timer -- it was very easy to set up, and has been working very well for several months, with no sign of leaks or malfunction.UPDATE #2 -- 30 August,2013 --Orbit Model #91213 has performed flawlessly for over a year with no leaks, no failures, nor problems of any kind.That said, I would suggest buying the Orbit #91213 -- and forget about the #62024.Good Luck !! It's a worthless LEAKER !!
I purchased this item last April, but I didn't use it a lot. I only use my hose occasionally to clean up the yard after my dog. At the beginning, the hose nozzle worked fine. After a while, it started leaking in one place and then it leaked in more and more places as I continued using it, getting to the point where even my clothes got wet. I noticed that I am not the only buyer having the leaking problem with this nozzle. This item went in the garbage now and I ordered a different one also from Amazon.com. Waste of Money
I have an old galvanize can (antique) that looks very similar to this one.  I was hopeful......(sigh)The can arrived and the first thing I noticed is how flimsy it is.  The galvanized metal is so much thinner than the old-timey ones...typical for all modern products, I suppose.  The second thing I noticed is where it's made.  No, not China...Mexico.  Figures.The screw off nozzle did screw off, but then wouldn't screw back on.  Why?  Because the thread is almost non-existent.  But I'm fairly handy and was able to jury-rig it back on.  Water pours from the nozzle much better than any plastic model off the shelf, I will give it that.The wire carrying handle, with the cheap little plastic hand guard is just that....cheap, cheap and flimsy.  After one season in the sun the plastic will get brittle and crack for sure....I've already duct taped mine to make a more useful hand guard with a bit of cushioning.Why didn't I return it?  I should have....it most certainly is NOT worth the money, but I'm stubborn and too lazy to shop for another watering can.  (How odd that I will gladly haul water back and forth on 2 acres all day, but the effort to shop for a better can just seems too daunting.) You're kidding me, right?  $65 bucks!
I placed a Safer moth trap in 2 separate enclosed closets. After 30 days, neither trap had lured a single moth.The traps themselves are paperboard with a sticky side. A small square of pheromones is in a separate packet. You have to open the packet and put the square on the sticky paperboard. Easy enough.The Safer product just didn't work for me. Easy product to assemble, but zero results. Traps Still Empty After 30 Days
I understand that this product is to be used to alert you to moths in your home.  It is obviously not a trap used to eliminate them or rid you of the pesky guys.  We have an existing moth issue, so I knew ahead of time that it was already a problem.  I figured testing theSafer Brand Clothes Moth Alert Trapwas going to be quick and easy and an excellent way to show that it works.  So we placed the trap alerts in two closets that we currently see moths in and then watched and waited; a couple days, a week, two weeks and a month. Unfortunately it didn't trap one moth in either closet during that entire time, yet we still see them fluttering around.  Overall I can't recommend a product that was a complete failure. Didn't alert us even with existing moths
In my opinion, the product description is misleading, however the box this product arrives in is very clear. It states, "This product is designed to alert you to a potential problem and is designed to trap adult moths, NOT the larvae which do the actual damage." If you catch moths in your closet, you are advised to thoroughly clean all clothing.The product is basically two cardboard traps with sticky sides and bait you unwrap and insert. There was no picture showing how to insert, so I'm not sure if I have installed it properly. They recommend hanging the product at eye level, but there is no attachment for hanging.Basically I found this product to be very cheaply made with a misleading description on Amazon and very poor instructions. So I am not pleased and can't recommend this product. Alerts you to a moth problem; does not solve it
Earlier this year, I put some Safer Pantry Moth Traps in my kitchen and essentially watched my moth problem disappear. The pheromone-based trap was a powerful magnet for moths and within a couple of weeks, I had dozens of dead moths stuck to the inside of the trap. So I was optimistic about Safer's Clothing Moth Traps, since I began noticing tiny moths flying around my bedroom. Unfortunately, after two weeks of having the traps in the bedroom and closet, I haven't caught one moth, though I still see them flying around. I'm assuming the pheromone is different since these moths are not the same as those who infest pantries. Whatever it is though, it isn't working. Not recommended. Not Nearly as Effective as the Pantry Moth Traps
Save your money.  I only tried because my originals aren't carried any more.  I'm trying Pro Pest next.  These are AWFUL! Buy a fly swatter!
I bought these moth traps, because the moths were eating through suits, shirts, and even my cotton shower curtain. I had them out for at least two weeks and they didn't catch one moth. If I could give these traps a"0" I would because that is how many moths they caught. I started using Pro-Pest Pheronet "Pheromone Trap" and they caught moths right away and many of them, by day's end. These don't work
We definitely have a small infestation of moths in our home. This problem just started earlier this year, and never had a problem until now. But sadly, the only thing this lure trap collects is dust.The box contains two triangular folded traps with glue on two walls inside of them. The bottom is where you put the .5" paper which contains pheromones to attract the male moths.Knowing that we definitely have a problem and understanding that this is designed to lure the males to it, I just can't imagine that they would all be females.Sorry, I just cannot recommend this Safer Clothes Moth Alert trap, at this time. No Moths Just Dust
After using this for half a season I finally got tired of a bad mow job and having to take the blower and go around the lawn and blow the clumps apart.  I mow often, every 3 days, I even tried raising the deck to see if that would help.  I bought an OEM Toro blade and swapped it out and just mowed the lawn.  My lawn looks great again, no streaks, no clumps, I even lowered the deck a notch before I started mowing.  It's night and day, I thought from reviews this might do a better job at a lower cost, not for me.  Maybe different grasses have different results, I live in Minnesota and have thick grass.  I would not recommend this product and would never buy again. Leaves streaks in the lawn & clumps of grass
We bought two gallons of Wet and Forget at Costco. Applied per directions to some very moldy/ mildewey wood decking as well as a very mildewey painted wall and waited as directed. After 3 months of zero improvement, we applied again and scrubbed with a brush, (but did not rinse). This loosened up about 50% of the black mildew and with the next rains, it rinsed away. One year later, we can see some minor "peeling" effect of the remaining mildew layer on about 25% of the deck, but most of the deck simply returned to it's original back nastiness. I would say that the mildew has actually gotten worse over the last year, not better. We finally pressure washed it and then reapplied the wet and forget thinking that it might help prevent the return on the black mildew, but it hasn't. In the deck areas that get hit by the sprinklers, the wood is black again after only 4 months. The moldy wall never improved beyond our scrubbing efforts despite reapplication of the Wet and Forget. I don't know if the product just can't perform in extreme hot/humid conditions like South Florida or we got a bad batch, but I would not recommend this product. We went back to pressure washing after one year of trial with Wet and Forget. Pressure washing takes about the same amount of time to do as applying W&F and results are instant and beautiful. Does not work on wood or painted surfaces in South Florida
I'm confused why the micro bubbler needs to be staked.  I thought this was a microspray since it is staked, but the pattern reaches just a few inches from the emitter.  I guess if you were watching the spray as the system was on and you wanted the LOOK of the pattern being level, the stake would be useful.  Other than that, it seems unjustifiable expense.  I'm glad I only bought one pack.If you want a micro bubbler and don't need it staked, then I recommend the Nsstar set B00DW5GN0G.  A much better value (without a stake.) Why
Experiments have shown that BPA is harmful to animals with negative impacts on functions including development, metabolism, reproductive activity and many more (E.g., see Science Daily "Harmful effects of bisphenol A demonstrated experimentally", January 22, 2013, or Google for a very long list of other articles. The danger of BPA has pretty well become common knowledge at this point and doesn't seem to be disputed.)I emailed Aspects to ask if this feeder contains BPA because it was not clear that it did not. They replied that Aspects does use BPA in this and all their other polycarbonate feeders. They also explicitly stated that they have no current intent to make a BPA-free feeder. Let's encourage them to change that stance!I think it goes without saying that we should not be feeding our beautiful wildlife chemicals that harm them if we care about them as much as we like to think we do. Even if one isn't concerned about the first generation of hummingbirds, consider the likely possibility that the chemicals are also transferred to offspring during gestation and may accumulate through generations. Furthermore, consider the food chain and the general fact that we're putting these chemicals out in our environment.Nalgene and other companies have removed BPA from their plastics and still make very strong and aesthetic water bottles without it. This feeder has many _great_ properties, but it's not the only feeder with them; personally I will buy alternatives (of which there are plenty) until Aspects decides to make a BPA-free hummingbird feeder to purchase one of theirs. I would love to see them do so. Made with bisphenol A (BPA) a chemical known to harm reproductive ability, development, and metabolism in animals
The Rapitest, besides having a horrible product name, cannot consistently measure soil moisture.  You are better off using your finger or a dry Popsicle stick.  In addition, the optimal meter readings that they provide for various plants is way off.  I would kill my plants if I used them.It's a shame because I really wanted to like this product because it is easy to use.  However, ease of use does not matter when the product does not work at all. Does not consistently meter moisture.
I guess I should have read all the reviews...I got this the other day and opened it tonight to try on my plants.  I tried my cactus's first...indicator showed dry...thought ok, haven't watered them in awhile.  Then I tried it on some plants I just watered yesterday...dry again.  Humm....cannot be correct.  Put the probe in a glass of water...still dry.  Obviously this is defective or cheap.  It's going back and I'll look for another.... Does Not Work
Reading the hype on the packaging, the Rhino-Tuff looks impressive. First, the unit employs eight cutting strings instead of four or two. Second, the round rubber string holders are able to rotate 360 degrees with ease. This design minimizes shock and abrasion on the cutting strings - requiring less reloads and saving money..After using the Rhino-Tuff, I find the product ineffective. Here are my complaints:.1. The retail price is twice the price of its competitor, the Grass Gator 5600..2. The rotating string holder works great in avoiding string abrasion and breakage. When the cutting strings hit concrete, a fence, tree, or rock, they pivot away - shock and abrasion are minimized. After trimming my yard, there is very little wear on the strings. Compared to my Grass Gator 5600 Trimmer Head, I average two to three reloads..Unfortunately the Rhino-Tuff is terrible in its prime function - cutting grass. When the strings hit grass, all pivot away instead of cutting through. They bunch together and knock the grass down in a circle. The situation requires you to do a second, third, or fourth sweep with the weed whacker to complete the cut. As a result, it takes two to three times longer to do yard work. . . . The few cents savings on string are not enough to compensate for the extra time needed to trim grass..3. The Rhino-Tuff is not 100% compatible with all the grass trimmers in the market. The kit comes with three stainless steel nuts to attach the unit to the weed whacker. That is not enough to work with minor brands like Hitachi, Tanaka, or Stihl..I have a Hitachi CG 24EKS. I was able to attach the device by using one of the nuts from my Grass Gator 5600 kit and purchasing a steel washer with a 0.5 inch hole from Lowes..Given all the reasons listed above, the conclusion is obvious. Save your money and buy the Grass Gator 5600. Buy the Grass Gator 5600.
The way they are pictured, it seems simple to just place them individually and light them. In fact, they come in one 6-cube by 4-cube mass of cubes. Each cube is attached to at least three other cubes by the plastic cut that surrounds each cube. Also, each cube has a aluminum foil on top of it to seal the flammable material in the plastic cup.The first challenge is how to separate them. They do not just pull apart. I cut mine with a scissors, which resulted in small pieces of the flammable material all over my counter. Then I wondered, do I remove the foil? Is the plastic cup flammable? There are no answers to these questions on the packaging.That precedes the question of how to ignite the cubes once charcoal has been stacked on top of them. There are three answers to that question, a long fireplace match, a propane torch or charcoal lighter fluid.  My choice was the latter and viola, instant flames, and assumed Weber lighter cube ignition.What seems simple when reading the sales literature is in fact, not simple at all. And if you are using a chimney starter to light your charcoal, the problem will be magnified, although you could probably put charcoal in the chimney, hold it over your head to be able to see the cubes and ignite them with a butane lighter. (I would not recommend using this procedure if you would need to use lighter fluid to ignite the Weber cubes - unless there is a shower nearby with plenty of soap and water available.) Very difficult to use
We've tried just about all the traps out there - and basically, after tracking performance for about a year, the top performer in our warehouse was an old fashionedVictor Mouse TraporVictor Rat Trap.However, we had a trap-shy rat get inside the house. I was afraid it might be pregnant looking to nest (it *was*) and wanted to catch it quick before any pups were born. I tried D-Con poison only to learn that it could take up to 10 days for it to work, and I couldn't wait.I set several types of traps, including this one (I paid $4.98 at Lowes) since the bait cup is large & you can put anything in it. The rat initially came upstairs to seek out some large chunk dog food, and since it was trap-shy, I thought it would be best to bait it with something familiar (the dog food is too big/heavy for a traditional trap).After 8 days of eluding us, this method worked within 4 hours (I give as much credit to the bait as to the trap). But it did NOT kill - the neck was stuck between the teeth of the trap. In an old fashioned Victor trap, it snaps on the neck, not the head, which is instant & humane.This was in the kitchen, I was not home, and my wife was severely traumatized. It was flopping around everywhere, bleeding and contaminating *everything* in the kitchen, peeing and pooping everywhere. It's rear claws scratched up the cabinet doors. My wife had to lock up our dog & cats, who were curious but were in harms way. Awful, awful, awful. This was hours of cleanup, and it was terribly inhumane.With a few tweaks, this could be a superb trap. But it did not do the job, and this was just awful folks. It doesn't matter if it's in your living space, or a basement, attic, warehouse, garage, etc ... do you really want to spread blood, potential disease/tick/lice/etc everywhere?Ok, so here's our apples-to-apples comparison. 9-month experiment, testing 7 different products. We eradicated all the rats (11 total), and the oldest, simplest, cheapest trap is the clear winner:*Victor Old Fashioned Rat Trap- 7 (caught 7 of 11)* Tomcat Rat Snap - 1 (caught 1 of 11, but did NOT kill it)* D-Con Baitbits - Killed 3, but the bodies all ended up in a wall or floor, causing a HUGE stink and a HUGE mess to dig out. In one instance we had to remove part of a floor - took hours and cost hundreds of dollars. Given time, all the rodents may have eaten the bait, but the poison takes 3-10 days to take effect so it's hard to say. Poison has other problems - it gets spread around, it can be eaten by pets, or, a pet or wild animal might eat the dead/poisoned rodent. If you're going to use poison bait, we strongly recommend also using traps.*Victor Multi-Kill Electronic Mouse Trap- Zero (O). Left out for continuously for 9 months (270 days)*Tomcat Block Bait- Zero (0)* D-Con Rat Glue Traps - Zero (0) - This is an awful idea, just makes a mes. Avoid this!*Tomcat Wood Rat Trap- Zero (0), but the rat steals the bait every time. They do not snap. I whacked the trap with a broom handle and it still won't snap. Makes you wonder if the rat designed this one!Final note: If you need help placing your traps or learning about best baits, go to the Victor web site. Good information, quick & concise. My two cents on bait: any nut butter (peanut butter, etc) works great, mix in a small piece of bacon for good measure. However, if your rat came into your home/garage/building because they found a food source (like dog food, grain, etc), use that to bait your trap. Good luck! Catches the rat but only mames ... makes a HUGE mess then YOU have to kill it. Comparison of 7 traps (read on...)
worst fire ant killer ever bought in entire life. I applied to over six large fire ant hills and it did absolutely nothing at all, even when applied tons of it and few days later, still nothing, if anything mounds got even larger. will not buy again. I called customer service phone number on bag and lady sounded like an idiot. She said she will note to her managers that the product doesn't work on fire ants. thanks alot retard. will never buy again. total waste of money. worst fire ant killer ever bought in entire life
This did little to slow the ant population.I feel doubly bad because I try to use as few pest products as possible, but am experiencing a LOT of them this year, from crawlies like ants to fungus on my grapes and apples.Using this was a last resort, but even so it made little difference. Sprinkled and watered, as directed, but not very effective, at least on my strain of ants. After a full month...
Really not good, lots and lots of red seeds that they do not eat, nothing eats the silage type red seeds and it is full of it, way to many and not good for my birds anyway. Ducks eat it tho. Bird Seed
When I received my Dramm heavy-duty "brass" hose nozzle, I was shocked to see a warning on the package. This nozzle contains LEAD (as part of the brass), and you're supposed to wash your hands after using the nozzle. This is absurd and unacceptable, what do these companies think they're getting away with?  I can't advise anyone to buy this or any other brass hose nozzle, unless there is clearly no lead used in the manufacturing process. Lead in the brass nozzle is unacceptable
Well in my way of thinking was if this stuff was strong enough to Poison Ivy, Poison Oak and tree trunks like it claims??? Well hell surely can kill most simple vegetation???  So I thought..... Surely I would get the best on both worlds.... See I wanted to kill some simple weeds and grass in my flower bed along with some neighbors Ivy and Oak trying to grow onto my lawn. WRONG!!! This chit sucks like hell! It hasn't even killed any grass....... Ok so I thought.... Maybe I should try it on some actual brush, tree stumps or Poison vines of any kind. It has now been 8 days and I do NOT see anything I sprayed with it dying or even turning colors. Before I sat down and wrote this review. I did go back and spray everything twice but mostly three times. What a freaking joke this chit is!!! I bought two bottles. I will be returning the other. If any of you guys have ever read my reviews... I tell it the way the product has worked for me and me only. I do not speak for a neighbor or a friend. So I am saying, &#34;Stay away from this product!!! Try any other product besides this one for any use for killing any type of vegetation growing period!!&#34; Like I also said....... &#34;This chit sucks!!!&#34; I hate this product! But it could be my fought???
We had a mouse roaming our basement and I decided to try this thing out.  Always looking for a better mouse trap!  Well, I baited it with some high quality peanut butter and put it to work.  It's been more than two weeks and the thing has done nothing.  Maybe the mouse is too smart for it, but I suspect it's more a case of the better mouse trap just isn't.  Some reviews say it worked for them, but for me it did absolutely nothing. It's a Box With a Hot Plate
Okay, so I was excited to get this.  No more Decon or other poison in the house - good thing, right?  Wrong.Placed this in the bathroom (mice seem to come in around the water heater pipes).  First baited it with peanut butter.  One week later, no dead mice, but lots of droppings.  So tried small grains (as recommended by the mfg), still droppings - no mice.  Tried bits of cotton, oatmeal and finally even cheese.  After a month of this, I was still cleaning up droppings around the trap, but still no dead mice.As an experiment, took the last pack of mouse poison and placed it against the wall.  Re-baited the trap with fresh peanut butter and positioned the trap in front of the poison pack.  Within 3 hours, the trap had been pushed out of the way and the poison was gone.Guess what I'm using in the future?  No, I would not recommend this trap at all. My Mice are too smart
The instructions are simple enough.  Install four AA cells in the battery compartment, bait the trap and turn it on.  I followed those instructions but all I accomplished was feeding the bait to a mouse or mice.The trap came packaged with four new AA cells.  I installed them in the trap, baited the trap, turned on the power, observed a green "ready" light and placed the trap where I knew mice had been.  The next morning the green light was off and the bait was gone, but there were no dead mice.  When I installed fresh AA cells, put fresh bait in the trap and turned it on for another try, the green light glowed briefly, the trap made a quiet buzzing sound and then the light went off indicating that the trap was ready.  The next morning a conventional spring trap next to this trap had caught a mouse but no mice were electrocuted and the bait was still in the electronic mouse trap.Instructions packaged with the trap say that four AA cells will electrocute 100 mice before they need to be replaced.  I enjoy and appreciate the benefits of modern technology, but my Victor M250Pro Professional Electronic Mouse Trap appears to be ineffective, or at the very least, not as effective as old-fashioned spring traps.Although Victor seems to always be trying to make the "better mousetrap", theirVictor Easy Set Mouse Trap  4 Pack  M038remain most effective for me.  If cost is an issue, this electric mousetrap is more than twenty times as expensive as their spring traps.  If it had worked for me as advertised, it might be worth the extra expense for the convenience, but for me it has not worked at all.  When or if it does, I'll be thrilled to come back to this review and report it. The Trap I Received Appears To Be Ineffective
I tried peanut butter, and cat food. But neither attracted any mice.I keep checking and there new mice poops, but the light is still off and no critters are inside.the light does go on when I turn it on, so I know the batteries are good. Could be the mice in my neighborhood are just too smart
It reads on the back, "Not for children under 6 or to be used around pets". "Wash off skin while inside".So, this is pretty much useless if you have an indoor mosquito and tick problem like I do. I travel and work on a freight boat where mosquito and tick are common amongst the dirty, smelly crew. I sleep in a hammock.The active ingredients cause skin burn, nose rash and general discharge of the eye Mucous membrane. So if you need it to sit on a sofa or bed, you'll get the active ingredients all over the place. Active ingredients
It reads on the back, "Not for children under 6 or to be used around pets".  "Wash off skin while inside".So, this is pretty much useless if you have an indoor mosquito and tick problem like I do.  I travel and work on a freight boat where mosquito and tick are common amongst the dirty, smelly crew.  I sleep in a hammock.The active ingredients cause skin burn, nose rash and general discharge of the eye Mucous membrane.  So if you need it to sit on a sofa or bed, you'll get the active ingredients all over the place. Active ingredients
IF there were 'negative stars', this would earn some! Just one more of a product which obviously is foreign made with no &#34;quality control&#34;. This is just the latest in a series of purchases which only 'work' a couple months, before they crap out and become worthless Lasts about a month, before starting to leak!
I put this out this spring when the wasps began visiting our garden. They flew around and totally ignored it!Not recommended. Didn't work
I have mainly used Rescue traps with the fishy smell and they work very well. This is worthless and OK for a few really dumb flies as everything rots inside. Attracts no hornets and very few yellow jackets. Waste of money and I have seen flies and YJ's walk in and walk out. Worthless get Rescue
Like others, followed the instructions to the letter.  Yellow jackets completely ignored the trap, no interest in even investigating the neighborhood.  10 days, not a single bee or bug of any kind.  Going to try the shop vac next. Worthless
I wish I hand read the reviews here before I sunk my hard earned cash into this product.  To be quite frank it is absolutely worthless.  I actually have absolutely nothing against wasps, hornets and yellow jackets but they freak my nieces and newphews out when they visit.After placeing these around the outside of the house the stinging insects seemed to completely ignore them and went upon doing what every these critters do...eating and mating I suppose.Anyway, I will not be buying these again. Absolutely worthless.
I was actually excited to try this.I have a house on my property that has not been lived in for over 5 years, sothere are mice in there.I have tried regular mice traps with better success then this one.Put two of these traps in the house. One on the kitchen counter, one on the floor.I used Skippy peanut butter, as themice like that better then the kind I grind at the market.But after a week of leaving this mouse trap in the house for almost two week,Not one mouse bothered with this trap!I can see mouse pooped, but NO Mouse in the trap, or tried to get in!!!Needless to say, I'm disapointed, and now going to try those plug in things,and use the old type of wood mouse traps.Sorry I could not give a more positive review.I'am going to give this another try, and if it works, I will be back to update this review. looks good, but did't work!
Mice are a fact of life on a farm. I hate them and spend a great deal of time trying to kill them.The Tomcat spin trap did not help me towards that goal at all. I can set them somewhere with lots of mouse signs and not catch any thing. They just run right by. I am catching lots of mice on glue traps and bait stations but I have not gotten one mouse with a spin trap. In addition to not being appealing to mice, these things trip very easily. I can hear the mice laughing
We have a pet squirrel that we hand feed peanuts to and leave a few extra out there on the deck for him to eat. Of course you can attract other critters. A mouse likes to sneak up on the back porch and get the peanuts. We set this trap out there thinking we would catch the mouse and not hurt the squirrel. So far the mouse walks right by it as if it is invisible. The squirrel thinks it is a peanut butter filled toy and plays with it every day.I am going to keep trying but so far I am not impressed. It cost a lot more than the old fashion traps and so far it has no results. I guess at least I have not trapped the pet squirrel in an old fashion snap trap. Maybe the mouse is smarter than the squirrel! And me! So far the mouse ignores it but the squirrel likes it!
First let me make it VERY clear that Amazon.com is ALWAYS the best.  Top notch shipping, friendly/professional customer service, timely delivery.  I absolutely love Amazon.com - NEVER have had a single problem.Weber makes incredible products, I personally own three Weber Grills and every family member and most of my friends have since purchased at least one because they admire mine so much.  Now comes in to play Weber Customer Service.....I purchased this smoker Thursday 9/3/09 and had it shipped over night, which of course Amazon.com did perfectly.  Since I knew the smoker was at the house so I stopped at my favorite butcher on the way home from my office, purchasing roughly $200 in meat.  It was to be a great Labor Day Celebration with fine cuts of smoked meat at our annual End of Summer Bash.  I came home and excitedly started putting together the smoker.  However, the charcoal grate simply would not fit, something was amiss.... I called Weber customer service and was notified that I was the 3rd person to call that day with the exact same problem.  In the factory, someone was putting the charcoal grates for the larger Weber smoker in this package which need the smaller.  The customer service representative was incredibly kind and apologetic.  They said they would over night the charcoal great and refund what I had purchased in meat.  I was saddened that my guests would not enjoy what I had so anxiously hoped to serve, but understood that mistakes do indeed happen, and that Weber was doing all it could to make things right.  The party must go on.After the long holiday weekend, Tuesday comes and I expect to come home to a nice fedex package on my front porch containing said charcoal grill.  As I pulled in the drive and to my dismay, no fedex package existed.  Thus, I call Weber customer service.  The first rep. said there was nothing in my "file" and that they would never agree to reimburse for the meat - unbelievably rude.  I asked for a supervisor, and was of course, somehow was disconnected.  I called back, and after three attempts finally a supervisor came to the phone.  They said they would be sure to over night the correct grate to me, and they would have to check on the meat reimbursement.  At this point, I didn't care as long as what I already had purchased would finally be complete.Wednesday comes, no grate....I give it another day.....Thursday, no grate.  Four more calls to Weber, two different rude, unprofessional supervisors and assurance the grate would come over night.  Friday....no grate.  Yet another call to Weber, more rude customer service reps and supervisors then a notification that the grate wouldn't ship until October 8th, this would not do at all.  Finally get the VP of Customer Service for Weber, a fellow named Mark.  I understand how he came to his position, you clearly need to be the best at being rude and unprofessional to hold such a prestigious position at Weber.  He of course assured me that they would ship a grate over night and I will receive the grate Tuesday.I for one feel that it was completely ridiculous what I had to go through just to get the product I had already purchased.  This was by far the WORST customer service I've ever received from any company.  I will no longer purchase another Weber product regardless of the quality.  I would rather buy a new grill every year for the rest of my life rather than cook on another Weber.Weber, you have lost a life long customer and several thousands of dollars because of something so ridiculous.  I will never recommend a Weber product again, nor will anyone I know purchase another Weber product.  I will personally purchase from another company and give it to them just to avoid another dollar going into a company that condones such poor customer service......Good Bye Weber! AMAZON IS GREAT! WEBER CUSTOMER SERVICE?? WORST EVER!!!
This style garden weeper is a great idea.The only problem is that it had a huge leak on day one.Rather than spending money to return it, we tried tying it off since the leak was about 3 feel from the end.Please, manufacturer, do better quality control in making and checking this product! Big leak on day one
I installed over 350 ft of this hose.  Worked so well I bought more and more.  Within two months, three have failed: a 25', 50' and a 75'.  Gilmor agreed to replace these but why would I?  Lifetime guarantee, yes.  Gilmor also said this hose is for low pressure: 10 to 15 lbs.  Pressure reducers in my stores are 25 lb.  Wish I had saved my receipts so I could get refunds. Failed
I've tried every type of mouse trap out there, including this one. Here's my comparative assessment:- Old fashioned spring traps are still the cheapest, easiest, and most effective solution. Unfortunately, they're also gross, especially if you elect to empty and reset the traps rather than just throwing them away once they've caught a mouse.- Electric traps seem like a clever idea, but I have never actually caught a mouse in one. I've had this Victor M260 set up in the basement for over a year, and it's never caught a single mouse, despite the fact that other types of traps in the vicinity have caught multiple mice.  I've had another Victor electronic trap (the "single kill" variety) set up in the attic for several years, and it hasn't caught a single mouse either, even though other traps in the attic have caught dozens over that same time.  I have no explanation for why the electronic traps have had a zero catch rate while the traps around them have been busy catching mice -- I'm just reporting my personal experience.  Also, the electronic trap requires batteries and is very large/tall.- In my experience, the hands down champion is the mechanical Victor "Tin Cat" model. It's a "live catch" trap with one-way trap doors. The mice seem to find it irresistible. Any time I see signs of mice, I put the Tin Cat in place and it never fails to catch the culprits. I've placed the Tin Cat and electronic traps side by side, and the Tin Cat is always the one with rodents in it in the morning. The only downside of the Tin Cat is that you have to check it every day if you want it to be a live-catch system -- if you only check it once a week, you'll find a bunch of dead mice in it.So, despite the M260 being a very clever bit of engineering, it is routinely outperformed by it's mechanical cousin, which doesn't need batteries. Also, the Tin Cat is much lower profile and is less conspicuous than the M260, which is quite large, tall, and very conspicuous. Clever engineering ... but doesn't catch mice (get Victor Tin Cat instead)
Don't waste your money - this trap is completely useless.  A traditonal trap (wooden spring action) was placed about a foot away from the Victor trap and continues to catch a few mice every week.  The Victor Electronic Mouse Trap, on the other hand, hasn't caught ANY mice despite being properly bated and switched on.  This trap has even been moved to different locations in the house with the same result - absolutely no mice caught.  I've never seen such a useless product and would never recommend this product. Traditional mouse trap is FAR more effective
Why do people keep trying to build better mousetraps?For all of the reasons so many other reviewers have already stated ... tiny entrance hole won't catch larger mice, if batteries are not absolutely fresh you just end up with a confused looking mouse in the electrocution chamber (it actually never did kill one), and the babble about it being "humane" (you're killing mice, frying them with electricity is humane?)There is really nothing more to add ... this product is just plain silly.Better mousetrap = a cat Not a better mousetrap
I got this device a few weeks ago and duly put the peanut butter at the end of the electric shock chamber and set it in the attic beside a hole in the asbestos (where the mice burrow). So far, not one mouse has entered the trap. I'd know, because once they get into it there is no way out, and yes, I turned it on.I love the design of the trap--the stairs up both sides, the double doors closing the vermin into the top room, the instant shock, the dropping of the body into the box beneath--but it's all for naught if the mice don't seem to want to climb into the darn thing to begin with.I'm going to try again, this time putting the trap along the wall, even though there isn't as much evidence of activity there. Fingers crossed . . . Good idea but not working for me
One of my pots (the largest one) arrived with cracked, chipped off paint around the top of the rim and I can clearly see the shiny silver metal bucket beneath the paint.  Disappointing.  I have my doubts as to whether this finish would have ever lasted outdoors, even if the paint hadn't already cracked off.  I am very hesitant to put this anywhere that the paint might discolor my wood deck.  I am using the large, cracked one as a garbage pail in the garage.Not to mention these pots don't come with drainage holes.  I guess I will have to use the small one as a cache pot since I don't want my plant to get root rot from improper drainage.In my mind, these fail on all fronts as "planters" Mine arrived with cracked, chipped paint
Literally the first time I used these shears on a small jasmine vine, one of the rivets that holds the blades together, popped out, never to be found again in the mess that is my mix of tall grass and mulch.  I tried to repair them, but noting I didn't have the right sized nuts and bolts, decided this was not one of those instances where I will just shrug off an inferior product, that I end up fixing myself (especially after the FIRST use!).So I sent a pic into Fiskars (online return/warranty system is very nice and easy FWIW), showing the problem.  I received no feedback for weeks (by this time, my jasmine vine was out of control of course), then one day received a box with a set of their lowest quality shears inside.  Not extendable, and they look like the cheapest shears I have ever seen.  I doubt they will last a season, with the obviously cheap plastic they used for the handles.Talk about a slap in the face.  My time is worth more than dealing with that kind of stuff, and I wish they would just lower their prices and forego the "lifetime warranty!" deal if that is how they roll.  I would never have purchased the shears they sent me, so basically I should have just bought another set (NOT Fiskars obviously) of shears when the originals broke.  Ah well, you live you learn.  Buyer beware on these, I see at least three other instances of this same problem happening in these reviews.UPDATE: To be fair, and as a credit to the company's customer service, I actually did contact them later to let them know that I wasn't happy about the switcheroo.  They promptly sent a replacement for the exact shears I originally bought.  Kudos for that!  Hopefully this pair will not fall apart when I start to use them. Similar to others, rivets came out - very disappointed
Bought one of these at HD and loved the way it worked so I bought my daughter one too!  The weak designed lever which is made VERY weak broke off on hers the 1st year she had it..mine lasted out the year and then broke off the start of the second season....I put a small pair  of vice grips on shaft to use as the lever and got more use out of it until it  just blew out the shaft completely and the water just shot out of the side...A VERY EXPENSIVE PIECE OF JUNK!  stick with the old hand wind hose reels and save yourself a bundle.. Designed by IDIOTS
This is an ill-conceived, ill-designed, landfill item designed by a rookie engineer. The lever that is most used (to change the unit from retract to freewheel position) is designed with a definite shear point in the design.  No joke.  This thing is designed to fail. It is cast with a tee in the plastic lever that is .097" thick - that's a little over 3/32" thick - made of plastic! Mine snapped off on the first cool day - see the picture on the product page.  Don't buy this junk.Update 6/1/13:Just took mine to the landfill. Although I had reinforced the rewind lever with epoxy and 1/8" aluminum plate - the inner drive gear snapped off.  I bought a metal, hand-crank model to replace it.  I see that Suncast has a newer (probably redesigned) rewind lever (black) listed here:http://www.suncast.com/replacement/replacementdisplay.aspx?repid=173&prodId;=504Hope that helps anyone trying to extend the life of their unit.  But I reiterate, this product is designed for a short lifespan. I highly recommend looking elsewhere for a legitimately designed product. Because I wasn't allowed to offer negative stars
What a great concept with a crummy execution.  The first time I used this, I thought it was the cats meow.  It reeled up the hose nicely.  After about 10 uses, the hose guide started to get out of sync with where the hose should be.  It made loud clicking noises but still reeled up the hose just fine.  However, when you try to pull the hose out it gets totally stuck unless you stand at the base of the hose reel and pull the hose in the direction it needs to go (hose guide would be on the left side but the hose would be in the middle or on the right side creating a pinch that wouldn't allow the hose to come out).  This makes pulling the hose out a nightmare ... inch by inch is not the way to pull out 125 feet of hose.  Soon enough, two of our hose reels failed completely and stopped reeling in the hose (lots of loud clicks but little reeling).  The last one became so difficult to pull the hose out that we threw it in the trash (last one).  Given that I have experience with not just one, but three of these - I suggest you take heed:  DON'T WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY ON THIS JUNK. Had 3 of these; all 3 lasted less than 2 seasons
I was excited to recieve this from the Amazon Vine Program.  Living in Alabama we have mosquitoes.  We have had nothing but trouble with it from the beginning.  It may be a great product, but we can't keep it running long enough to find out.  We have followed the directions closely & followed all the trouble-shooting tips, but alas it just won't keep running.  We have all necessary items needed for it to run correctly.  At this point I am not sure what to do...I guess just keep working with it.  I would love for it to work & trap all the pesky mosquitoes that keep un indoors.  I will update later if we can get it to stay running.UPDATE:  Talked with the Mosquito Magnet customer service.  They gave some help ideas that we tried.  It worked great for a few hours.  During the time it worked it did catch many mosquitoes plus gnats.  We were thrilled...but unfortunately it stopped working again & now stops working once it warms up.  Customer service was called again.  They were little to no help & didn't seem to concerned about their product.  After many hours working with this product, we have given up. Had High Hopes!
The large, surprisingly lightweight box arrived in perfect condition, no visible damage inside or out.When I removed the head unit from the box however, I heard obvious broken parts inside and immediately called their customer support.After all, inside the box was a large STOP; call our dedicated, superior customer support for any trouble. I assumed this would be quickly taken care of since the self report their customer service to be so good.While they answered the phone quickly the quality of support was poor.I had an obviously defective unit with broken pieces inside and they wouldn't help unless I tried to turn it on first. This seemed like a bad idea for a product that hooks up to a fuel source. They wanted me to believe that the sound (broken pieces rattling and rolling around inside the head unit) I heard was normal.I could forgive this, after all they don't want to pay return shipping for an item that was misdiagnosed by a end user that doesn't have product experience. So I removed a cover piece and poured out the broken pieces, sent a photo to them in email, and was again refused support. They suggested  try turning the unit on and see if it worked, and then sent me to follow up with Amazon for the defective unit.The plastic pieces appear to be part of an internal frame, cage, or some other support. It is a strong, but brittle, black plastic. In addition to 4 large pieces, many small shattered fragments came out of the box. While the piece that was broken may not be critical, the question remains why it broke, and what else may be loose or disconnected. Am I going to end up with an internal propane leak that ends up causing the unit to catch on fire?As if this isn't enough to point to poor design/build quality, the unit is entirely made of lightweight plastic. The instructions even warn not to move the unit with a tank installed. I agree with their apparent admission that the frame would not support the weight! Perhaps an aluminum post that securely connected to the base and the head unit would be a good upgrade for them to consider.While the nearly all plastic construction was quick and easy to set up, there are no screws, no locks, nothing to hold the base, post, and head unit together. The head unit balances on the post with a short peg sliding into the support column. So the loop that looks like a handle opposite of the wheels on the base doesn't really work well for lifting and rolling the unit around. First as described above, you must remove the tank, even with that weight removed, the head unit tends to lift right off the post as it is a friction only connection.Chances are some of these units will actually work, some perhaps for more than the few weeks described by other reviewers, and perhaps if this unit was under $200 I could understand the build quality. But at this price point and nearly every review pointing out poor quality and poor customer service,  I would not recommend this unit to anyone and would be very concerned about any of their other lower cost units.The only positive note I can add for the Mosquito Magnet brand is that we have had an older design Commercial Unit Mosquito Magnet Pro in service for years. However it seems the current owners, Woodstream Company, discontinued this product when they purchased the company. Poor quality product, customer service not good.
Much like the other reviewers, I had a lot of difficulty to get this thing to work. I never did manage to in the end. I was hoping that they had fixed the issues with the product, but that doesn't seem to be the case [I tested it out in summer 2011].Even if this unit were to function properly, it still seems expensive, especially once you add the cost of a propane tank and frequent refills. Plus you're adding CO2 to the atmosphere - not very environmentally sound. Couldn't get it to work.
My unit arrived at my doorstep DOA; it had a problem with start up.  When I turned it on for the first time, I had a blinking red error LED every 7 seconds after its lengthy (approx 25min) start up procedure.  It never worked; always had this same error light even after trying every suggestion from their customer service.I called customer service about 6-8 times (lost count).  They gave me tips and things to try to get it to work; all to no avail.  They were polite and professional, but extremely un-empowered.  They had no or limited ability to help me.  The problem is that even though they understood my problem, their management probably didn't give them the latitude to easily solve the problem.  They kept putting me on hold, check with someone, then back to me and not quite sure what to do.  It's like ABC, if B is not quite what they have on their form in front of them, they are caught in an endless loop and can't get to C.Finally, I got sick and tired of trying to make it work and shipped it back to the company since I didn't want this big useless thing junking up my garage.  They were nice & sent me a free shipping label.  They did offer to "repair" the unit but I was so tired of dealing with this & after reading all the bad reviews, was pretty sure it's a crap shoot to get a working machine. Dead on Arrival - Returned to Maker
In order to be prepared for whatever nature threw at us, we set up the Mosquito Magnet quite early in the season.  Right from the beginning, we got a red warning light, signaling that the unit wasn't working.  We tried to clear it but nothing seemed to work.  Next, the Magnet signaled a low battery warning.  Since they were new and advertised to last the season, we were a bit taken aback but my husband removed and tested them.  Sure enough, they were fully charged but reinstalling them didn't help.  He substituted other new batteries to no avail and then he called customer service.  The woman to whom he spoke was quite pleasant but unable to provide any solutions.  At one point, after he explained that our device didn't exactly resemble the pictures in the literature, she suggested that perhaps we had been sent an earlier model as if that sufficed to explain its failure.After the call, he once again removed the batteries and decided to wait a few days and try the trap again.  The green light came on and we thought it was working but after going through two cycles with the attendant replacing of the propane and the lure, the Mosquito Magnet which is unobstructed and situated just a few feet from our patio area, has caught pitifully few insect pests and our yard is no more mosquito-free than it was before we set this up. Disappointing
This device works by sending out CO2 from a Propane tank.The thought of spending $20 or so and just leaking out CO2 is beyond me.I wish I had returned it on time. Now it is just clogging up my garage and I hate to even give it away or donate it. Couldn't bring my self to produce even more CO2
I have heard wonderful things about CO2 mosquito traps so I was thrilled to give this one a try.I can't even begin to tell you how frustrating my experience has been.  We followed the instructions and kept getting blinking red lights (error notification).  We made several calls to customer service. They were friendly and helpful but nothing solved the problem.One rep suggested using a brand new propane tank.  Eager to make it work we went out and bought a new tank. That still didn't help.The unit is worthless. Tried to make it work. No luck.
This is sugar. Period. If you want a perfectly acceptable hummingbird nectar, put 1 part sugar - any sugar - to 4 parts water (I usually prepare 1 cup sugar to 4 cups water)in a microwave-safe plastic container. (I use a juice bottle that has a flip-top pouring spout.) Stir it. Leave the top open or off (very important!) and put it in your microwave. When it comes to a boil, let it roll for about 30 seconds. (And, of course, you can also boil it in a saucepan on the stove.) Refrigerate it. Do not add any food coloring. It'll keep in your frig for as long as you need it. Empty, wash and refill your feeder every two or three days to prevent mold - especially when it's hot. if you do get a bit of mold, bleach will kill it quickly. Then wash the feeder, rinse well, refill and rehang. The hummers will love your simple, homemade nectar and you will have saved a TON of money. Why would you spend this much for a pound and a half of sugar??
I have to say that I am new to the world of hummingbirds.  That being said, I was fooled into thinking that I needed to purchase special "food" or "sugar" to feed the hummers.  That is not true.  After reading a number of sites deticated to hummingbirds, they all say to NOT purchase special sugar... Sugar is sugar.  Any fine ground sugar will make a great source of food.  Save your money. Don't Be Fooled
For the $34 I paid for this, I feel seriously ripped off! Impossible, from the photo to tell, but, I figured "$34, it ought to be a LOT 'bigger' than this"For what you get, a price of $12-13 ought to be max. There certainly is not more than $2 worth of plastic in it.Just feel deceived and led astray . . for the money, the consumer OUGHT to get a LOT more! Akro-Mills Stack-A-Pot
if this product is out of stock it should say so to not waste my time. Is it coming from China? why two months to ship???? WTF? bought it few days ago says it will arrive in about two months??
I have had two of these now but both have come apart after about 6 months and can't be reassembled. great nozzle, but lasts about 6 months.
These guys advertise 15 year warranty but they don't answer the phones or emails.I have a wand that broke in one season.I thought if I pay a little more I could get good quality.....NOT. JUNK
I have used many feeders in my yard and sold many more at my job in the lawn & garden department. And I have seen some bad feeders, more art object than feeder, but this is without doubt the worse feeder I have ever seen and used. It has taken me several tries to keep it full and even then when the wind blows, it leaks.The whole point to this feeder is that it is supposed to be easier to use, but it is far more complicated than it needs to be. Just look at the instructions above, I have never seen a feeder so complicated.To use it correctly;You must make sure every section is screwed as tight as possible.You must fill it completely fullYou must pull out the base to create a vacuumAnd you must hang it perfectly levelIf any of these fail, it will leak out all of the feed. The primary problem is the base unscrews into two parts for cleaning. If there was a rubber gasket between these, it would seal up much better.My advice is to avoid this product and go with the classic style feeders. Do not buy! There are much better feeders out there.
Edited due to further experience with the feeder:  I've tried again and again to get this feeder to work properly.  After hanging it up I discovered that the feeder leaks slowly over the course of 12 hours or so.  You fill it, hang it up and it seems to be okay and then the next day the feeder is empty and there's a big water stain underneath it.  The bottom casing of the feeder needs some sort of seal to keep the contents from leaking out.Original review: This hummingbird feeder is seriously lacking for a decent set of directions on how to use it!  Written in very small print on the bottom of the feeder, the directions say to push to fill. Well it doesn't say what to push to fill and since it came out of the box with it already in the fill  position it took me a few minutes to figure out they're talking about actually pulling or pushing on the clear container that holds the nectar.  And when they say pull, they mean you really have to pull to get it to open!Once I figured out the whole push/pull thing, I filled the feeder, screwed the top on and brought the feeder out to the hanger.  Then I pulled the clear container up into the feed position and hung the feeder up.  I can see from the other reviews that a lot of people had problems with leaking but I have to say I have had no problems at all with this feeder leaking.  If you tip it once it's in the feed position it will definitely leak so I recommend not setting it in the feed position until you've hung it up. doesn't work!
First off let me say that I have numerous hummingbird feeders around the yard so I do know how to properly handle them.  Unfortunately no matter what I tried the darn things leaked out all of the sugar water within a half hour of putting them outside.  I would have been happy if even one had worked properly but all three being bad is such a disappointment.  My poor hummers are all confused now thinking they had some new feeders so there would be less fighting amongest them and more happy campers but alas it's not to be.  I will try this weekend if I have a chance to silicone the entire base of the units to see if that will help.  It's the only thing I can think of left to try.  If that doesn't work they will become hangers in the house with artificial flowers in them so that during the winter I can remember all my little friends that will be back with the spring flowers.  I do hope some of you have better luck than I but remember there is always an alternative use for everything.  Just have to put the thinking cap on and you'll find some way in which to use them. Poor Construction makes for Disappointing Viewing.
Good looking feeder, but the hummingbirds avoid it and the fluid does not flow well into the feeding tray, so the level there gets very low even when there is fluid in the bottle.  Slow turnover of that fluid then results in bacteria growth inside the feeding tray, which is harmful to the birds.  I would not recommend this feeder.  I've owned many hummingbird feeders and by far the very best ones are the Aspects Hummzinger feeders and those made by Best.  Both are available on Amazon.  They attract hummers very well, and they contain no metals (zinc, copper, brass, lead) that are toxic to hummingbirds. Good looking but hummers don't like it and doesn't flow well
Had a cheap plastic feeder that the hummingbirds went nuts over.  It eventually cracked due to sun exposure so a glass and metal feeder would be the solution to that problem right?  Well not a single hummingbird came after that even after washing and refilling it multiple times.  Went back to a glass and plastic feeder this year and the hummingbirds are back. Humminbirds didn't go for it
I have used this product twice. It works well and the battery charging is fast. The edger function did not work well for me. It could be the type of grass in my lawn. Overall a good product and very ergonomic.This is an addition to my review above and a few months later. I reduced the rating for this product to one star or perhaps 0 stars. I have used it no more than five times since I bought this a few months ago. The battery just died and could not be revived even after several attempts at recharging for the specified time and more.I will stick to known and tried brands next time I buy another weed whacker.This is an addition to my review above. I was ready to throw this weed whacker when I saw the worx website on the warranty card. It has a two year warranty. In the worx website was a link to battery trouble shooting. After I put in the battery's serial # and model # I was taken to a free battery replacement order form. It seems to me they know about this battery problem and is replacing those thru their website. I am waiting for the delivery of the replacement battery.Another addition to my review. Have received the battery replacement and so far after several weeks, the new battery is keeping it's charge. battery died after a few months and cannot be revived
The handle design is pretty good and easy to manipulate the can.  However the real problem is that the spout is designed to come off so that you can turn it to pour or shower.  The problem is that if you tilt the can too much, then the detachable spout just pops off and the water comes out so fast that it digs a hole..The next problem is that the glue failed on the orange cap and it just falls off.  So the can is nearly useless.  So far every fiskars can that I've ever had has falled apart, split, etc.  Won't waste my time with any more of them. Unfortunately the can falls apart
I knew I'd lost the game when I saw these worms on the surface the next morning.  Yeah, the moles just moved them out of their run and left them on the ground. Moles won:  I lost.
You catch more bees with honey, but you catch NO fruit flies with this trap.  Seriously, it caught not a single fly. 0 stars was not an option
This is a little globe containing a funnel (to trap fruit flies: they fly in but can't fly out), into which you squirt some vinegar.It's totally useless. Fruit flies will totally ignore it, and will land instead on your fruits and vegetables. Even if you put this directly next to fruit fly habitat, they will entirely ignore it.The only upside is that it's nontoxic. Totally useless
These are only 4" long, not enough to hold much of anything. Don't bother with these.I am annoyed that nowhere in the description do they state that the size of the pins, so I am uploading a photo of one next to a ruler, hoping to prevent others from making the same mistake.UPDATE: Within a few days they started rusting too. I was going to try to use these for other simple things - no more. Only 4"
Because it was billed as a safe and organic product, I first used Safer Brand 3-in-1 Garden Spray on some pesky flies on my indoor plants.  While I realize that the product isn't really designed to kill the larva that are in the soil, it didn't even kill the flying adults - even when I sprayed them directly onto the bugs.  I also used the product on the aphids that were eating my roses and again there was no affect.  After going 0-2, and it wasn't for underuse - I repeatedly sprayed mass quantities on the bugs - I decided to throw the product away and invest in something that would actually kill garden pests.Safer, organic, or not, I see no reason to spend $13 on a product that doesn't work - and the Safer Brand 3-in-1 Garden Spray doesn't cut the mustard! Didn't Work
I rarely use chemicals or pesticides in the garden but had the opportunity to give this product a try.  I have a perennial Rose Mallow (hibiscus moscheutos) whose leaves get devoured yearly by the caterpillar of the sawfly.  I've tried handpicking, but they just keep coming.  I used this product specifically for the leaf eating caterpillars it says it controls.  It did not.  After one weeks use, there were still caterpillars eating the sprayed leaves, the few I chose to spray daily. No improvement on my hibiscus moscheutos
There is a version with holes but this one's not supposed to have any.  Mine did, just because the plastic it's made of is so incredibly thin that I guess not enough molten plastic got into the mold to completely cover a corner of it.  You can flap this thing around like a dishrag.  If (that's IF) you get a watertight one and don't plan to ever move it, it may (that's MAY) be suitable to hold some plants.  If you attempt to move it with anything in it (like, you know, water or plants), be assured that it will deform/collapse and spill whatever's in it.I had a lot better results with some similarly sized plastic storage containers from Target that are very sturdy, very waterproof and cheaper (taking shipping into account). Impossibly thin plastic, mine came with a hole in it
I placed six of these around my ants.  They were surrounded.  They walked under, around and over, but never in.  so i went to a store and got terro liquid ant baits (the same type thing).  the ants immediately went running for the things and crawled all over themselves trying to get in.  Then they went out and off to their &#34;hive&#34;.  Combat did absolutely nothing for me, and I can only wonder at the other positive reviews! No Way
I was anxious to get this shredder and grind up some magnolia leaves which fall down all year long. I began to assemble the stand as instructed in the guide. The stand has three legs permanently attached to the stand and three leg extensions which are inserted into the bottom of the legs and kept in place with a spring loaded button which fits into a hole in the legs. When I removed the packing from the extensions I noticed that the portions of the extensions that slide into the legs had marks that one would expect to see on extensions that had been previously used but not on new merchandise. However, I wanted the shredder so I proceeded with assembly. Two of the extensions installed without incident. The third extension had no visible button. Looking down into the extension I could see some metal pieces which were close to the opening. It was visible that part of the spring mechanism was broken in two. This factor along with the marred surfaces led me to believe that I had received a previously owned item that had been returned.  Since I could not use the shredder with just two legs and had no way to repair it I had to return it to Amazon.The Amazon return process is nothing short of amazing. In just a few minutes I had printed out the return label and was on my way to the UPS Store. Broken
I have a deck with six inch railings with wood slats between the main posts.  The flower box is attractive and pretty well built.  However, the bracket for attachment is nearly worthless.  There is nothing to hold the box in place other then the weight of the box against the vertical railings.  The bracket is a 90 degree angle and therefore with any weight becomes merely a friction point for the box holding it in place.  This just won't work for me.  You could put a deck screw into the bracket to fix it in place, but then that means that I have to accommodate a poorly designed product.  Into the garbage for me.  Sorry, can't recommend it at all. Attractive, but not functional as described
I expanded this to maximum length (36") to hold my 36" planter that already had herbs growing in it. Our railing is 3.5 inches wide. The screws are metal but the caps are plastic (my husband said that plastic on metal usually causes stripping of the screws). Well, as soon as we hung it, it started tipping under the weight and it fell off  before we could stop it and our basil, mint, and chives were smashed under potting soil. Also, because our railing has posts, there is a C shaped loop (not shown) that prevents the planter from resting flush to the rail. I think because the brackets are so close together, the longer you extend the planter, the harder to evenly distribute the weight. So bummed this didn't work for us. I wouldn't suggest to anyone unless you can buy and try and easily return if it doesn't work for you. Not For Really Long Planters
Although the size of each part of this hoe is substantial, the short stocky handle isn't attached well to the hoe blade.It is the perfect length for working on your knees and doing detail work around your plants.Unfortunately the detail work will likely be repair of the hoe.If the price is right, it isn't a bad purchase if you are ready for some basic tweaking like some polyurethane glue, perhaps a screw, and a little file work on the blade. Small and weak
Came across mine today while cleaning out the garage and thought I would come here to see what others thought about this waste of money. Mine worked ok the first year but not for all the trouble and expense to maintain. Next year wouldn't work no matter what! Been in the Garage for 2 or 3 yrs. I'm throwing it away today! Waste of Time & Money!
I believe Wolf Creek was the vendor from whom I purchased this, but I just used this instant piece of garbage for the first time today. The top would not screw on properly. It was missing the &#34;straw&#34; to connect to the hole in the lid, so I substituted a heavy duty one of my own.  It was a snug fit, too.  The unit would not operate in an upright position.  When flipped upside-down, it leaked the very fine sulfur dust I was using from every crevice BUT the one it was designed for. Mine was whitish-clear plastic, so perhaps the one in the display picture has been improved upon, but it was a &#34;Pest Pistol.&#34;  I feel scammed out of the purchase price. Wasted Money
I received mine, it came with a usermanual (with some errors in it), the main device, and wheels, handle, and some other smaller tools (2 plastic rings I don't know what they are for, as they aren't being specified in the user manual).It also comes with 2 hexagon rods (which are not necessary unless you replace the blades, and even then one would have been sufficient), a wrench (2 are needed to mount the wheels), and it's lacking a cross (philips) screwdriver to mount the top.After about 5 minutes of following the user manual to the letter, the device is installed. 2 errors however, one being that I did not see a safety switch in the device when unmounting the top hopper, which was not described, and I presume is the black plastic cover to keep you from sticking your hands in the device. And second, the motor overload protection switch says it only goes off when the motor gets jammed or overheated; which in my case was hardly the case!I plugged in the device after mounting it, and turned it on. The device appears to work, but the overload protection switch kicks in, and shuts down the engine after 5 seconds!I can clearly hear from the engine, that the blades are free, and the engine is not jammed! Neither can the engine be overheated, because the device is still cold!It does not seem to matter whether I stick a branch under little force in the device, or leave it running without load; the device shuts down on me!I received this device, and used it no longer than 20 seconds, and I will be sending it back with Amazon, and hope for a refund, since it seems like I can not exchange this device for a similar one (Amazon webpage error)!I presume it was a one device issue, but since I can't receive a similar device back, I'll ask for a full refund, and save my money for a more advanced model, with better reviews! Doesn't work!
Chips really well BUT the parts are worthless.  On my third session the V-cutter disintegrated; since the cutters are not warranted I contacted MAXTool (Amazon obtained it from MAXTool) and ordered a new cutter.  After installation, on my forth session, the square bushing, part # 6156-200001, disintegrated and this time MAXTool told me that this was a known problem part; however none were in stock and they had no information on when, or if,  the part would be available.  Works great when it works; but sadly it doesn't work reliably and parts are not available.  Do not buy this chipper!KUDO's to Amazon, when I emailed them about this problem, even though I was out of the 30 day return window, I immediately got an email authorizing free UPS return and a refund.  Lousy product but great Amazon customer service; especially in light of useless MAXTool customer service. Chips, BUT?
If you have a GS 40, this cover will not work.  Also, the cover seems to be cheaply made from flisy material, definitely not worth the money.  I bought a cover for a small Char Grill propane grill, much higher quality cover for less money and works very well on the GS 40. Does not cover the GS 40
First of all, the seller was great.  The product was received in good condition and shipment was very fast.That said, inside the box is a warning that the product is for &#34;indoor domestic use only.&#34;  Additionally, there are warnings that it contains lead and other toxins and that you should wash your hands after using it.The product is thin, looks to be easily torn....etc etc.In other words, I could take a dry cleaning bag and cover the smoker and at least I wouldn't have to worry about lead. For "indoor use only?"
These traps are ridiculously expensive!  If you have many mice, you might go broke buying traps.  At $4.45 per trap, I thought maybe I should do something with the mouse after I caught it.  My husband will eat anything, but even he is not interested in Mouse Soup.My other problem with this trap is that it is just more plastic junk to fill up landfills.The best mouse trap I have found isd-CON 00027 Ultra Set Covered Mouse Trapand it is reusable.  You can also go with the old reliableVictor M038 Easy Set Mouse Trap, 4-Packfor a really inexpensive trap.  These are my husband's favorite. Mouse Soup?
This seems like a wonderful idea and, in theory, it really is.  Unfortunately, the traps (at least in our use) did not catch anything but our time wasted in setting them up.  We followed directions carefully to place the pb in the hatch and we made sure the door faced the wall but the traps just did not work.  Save your money--you are better off with snap traps, sticky pads, humane traps, or even an exterminator. Great Concept  but.........
As someone else noted, the mechanism in these traps doesn't seem to work at all.  I loaded both traps 3 times and found that the mice got in, took the PB, and left little mouse pebbles inside, around, and... wait for it... even on top of the traps.  I guess this last act was the ultimate review of this device.In concept, these sounded great.  In reality, I'm going back to the old spring loaded traps.  Still waiting for the better mousetrap! Peanut Butter Feeder / Port-a-Pottie for Mice
It's been loaded with peanut butter from 9/27/10 until today, which is a bit over 2 months, and it hasn't caught a mouse.  This mousetrap doesn't work.  It was moved around to various places throughout the house and no mice were caught.Finally, after becoming frustrated with this item, I tried inexpensive mice pellets and that seemed to do the trick.This item is expensive and it doesn't seem to catch mice.  I wouldn't pay a penny for it.  The mice are probably getting a good laugh out of this contraption.  Not recommended!  Zero stars. They need to build a better mousetrap
When we first got these, I was shocked at how wasteful they were. In fact, my husband continually ranted about how un-green these traps are.  If you happen to get one mouse caught in a trap, you have to throw away the whole thing- so now they expect us to buy little mouse coffins out of fear of contamination?Then we discovered the mice in the attic.  They are still having a party, leaving their mini tootsie roll trails while our remaining trap sits as a mouse hotel, shouting, "Come on in, rest your feet and have some peanut butter!"And by the way, if you happen to knock a set trap or drop it by accident, it trips the trap and then one of your lovely little mouse coffin goes empty to the dump.  You can not reset.These traps are a waste.  They might isolate an occasional mouse from being seen or touched when dead, but what good is that if the rest of the mice run free and destroy the house while feasting at their peanut butter hotels?  That hardly sounds sanitary! Empty Mouse Casket?
I've used the no-see-um disposable traps before (DCon and Tomcat). While they seemed wasteful and expensive, they were both quick and effective. This thing, on the other hand, is worse than useless.It's just getting cold here and I live in the country, so mice are starting to venture in for the winter. Typically we see some mouse activity just when it cools off, then set out a bunch of traps, and they're either all killed off or find a more hospitable home for the winter. I've had both traps out for 2 weeks and not a mouse in them. Last night, I saw a mouse on the loose. When I checked my traps, there was mouse poop INSIDE one of them, and a smear of stolen peanut butter on the inside near the door of the other! With the design of the thing and the way you bait it, the only way to get peanut butter there is for someone to go inside and leave with it!The D-Con No View, No Touch Mouse Trap much better. It doesn't seal in the mouse with all its perilous mouse cooties (but then, neither does this one), but it's an effective no-see, no touch disposable traps.Two no-touch reusables that work well are d-CON 00027 Ultra Set Covered Mouse Trap and Victor M252 Electronic Mouse Trap. Worse than useless.
I had the perfect testing ground for these traps, a rural home with a fall invasion of field mice. The contenders; Tomcat glue traps - a low tray filled with a sticky material that trap the mice when they walk on it, Kness Snap-E mouse trap; snap type traps that catch the mouse under a metal bar, the Victor Kill & Seal traps and a low tech trap involving a 5 gallon bucket with a wood board leaning up against the side and baited with peanut butter. You put a few inches of water in the bucket if you don't want to catch and release.I moved the different traps around in areas where there had been mouse activity so there would be no placement bias in the testing.The K&S; traps have very small openings for the mouse entry (11/16 by 11/16) and the bait plug (7/16 inch. You bait these traps by unscrewing a very small plug and putting some bait on it, I used peanut butter, and screwing it back in. It holds about 1/4 tsp of peanut butter. You move a lever to set the trap and it can only be set once so when I accidentally dropped one K&S; trap it triggered and it was no longer usable.  Of all the traps I set up the Kill& Seal was the only one that did not catch any mice. The last time I checked the one remaining trap the bait was gone and there was something rattling around in there that looked like a mouse poop.Bottom line:The bucket trap caught the most mice (5)The Tomcat glue traps were the second most consistently effective (4 mice)Close behind the Snap-E mouse traps (3 mice)The Victor Kill & Seal, no mice at all. I did not find this trap to be effective
Can't even get the plastic screw on top to work to open it so you can get the peanut butter on it for bait. The instructions are terrible, just on the side of the box with pictures that don't help at all. If you can't get that little plastic screw piece on top open so you can remove it,then the trap is worthless. I even tried pliers, & yes, I was turning it the right way, it shows to turn it counter clock wise & after many tries I decided to try to turn it the other way too, still can't get that plug out to bait it. What a waste of money & it's way over priced to begin with for something that can only be used once. I would never buy this product.I also pushed on the little red trap door that the mice are suppose to go in, well, they'd better have been lifting weights because you have to push pretty hard to get it so they could get in & they'd better be very tiny mice as the hole is about the size of a nickel. As far as it trapping other secretions,we all live with those in our homes whether we see it, smell it or taste it anyhow & as far as I know, unless you have a herd of mice, it doesn't make you sick. If you get sick it's because you don't clean your home, clean your carpets annually when you have pets, wash the floors once a week. There are more germs spread by just flushing your toilet with the top up than any other item in your home puts in the air. I'm extremely disappointed in this product. victor m265 kill & seal mouse trap
Not to reiterate what everyone else has said, we've used the old Victor wood & spring traps for 35 years-- effective, inexpensive, reliable.  These are expensive, use too much plastic, are too small for some of the rodents we catch, are difficult to use for my husband with his big hands, and are not reliable at trapping mice!Don't bother with this one.  Good idea, but bad reality. Sticking with the old-fashioned traps!
It took two of us to figure out how this rig works; without instructions, it was a total mystery. We finally figured out that a rodent is supposed to enter the door, round a corner to get peanut butter & trip the trap. A reasonable idea, we proceeded to bait & arm the trap, putting it in a known mouse area (I live in the country), along side a couple of regular traps. After 2 weeks, we've caught several mice in regular traps but this mouse trap is still armed --- never been tripped. Will it ever work? Who knows, but I'm not holding my breath. And even if it does, the price is prohibitive, in my opinion. Would I like something inexpensive & effective that would trap/kill mice such that I never had to see them? For sure ... but this unit doesn't seem to deliver the goods. Confusing, expensive and not sure it is effective
These traps are basically trash. They're difficult to set, can't catch a mouse in an infested house, and are triggered by a bump really easily -- and can't be reset once triggered.My boyfriend left a milk crate of food on his kitchen floor. The mice found it. For weeks they ate and played, leaving their treats all over the kitchen. He caught something like a dozen of them using traditional traps before I got these and persuaded him to try them out. Nothing. Nothing. NO DEAD MICE for 2 weeks. He tried to move one of the traps, it tripped, and was then completely useless. He finally gave up on these, and put the regular traps out again. Lo and behold, a mouse a day!I have to admit, my initial reaction to these was that they were kind of ridiculous, but I'm way less germophobic than your average American, so I was prepared to give them a "well, if you'd rather throw away a silly amount of plastic than see a dead mouse, I guess they're okay" kind of review. But given that they don't work, I don't even have to touch on how wasteful they are in order to issue a resoundingly negative review.I mean, seriously, there were so many mice in that house that I think I might have had better luck with my bare hands than with these traps. I didn't try that, though, because that is too gross, even for me. Throw it away now, there will never be a mouse in it.
I've had this trap set for about a month now, and I have seen no evidence that any mouse has gone near it. And yes, we have had at least one mouse this season.In my opinion, the opening for the mouse to enter is too small, and the bait is set too far into the trap to be really attractive.In the past, I have used traps similar in style to this one:Kness Tip-Trap 109-0-001 Live-Capture Mouse Trap, which did work, and even though it leaves you with dealing with the captured mouse, it is reusable.This kill-and-seal trap, if it would ever work, is one use only, which makes it pretty expensive. But if it doesn't work at all, it's worthless. No results.
Save your money.  For me this "better mousetrap" was not better.  Knowing that mice come into my home in the Fall, to get away from the cold, I set out a conventional wooden-based Victor M038 spring trap.  Amazon sells a 4-pack of them for $5.84.  Less than 15 inches away, I set one of these comparatively expensive M265 traps with exactly the same bait.  After two weeks, I caught zero mice with this trap and five mice with the "old-fashioned" trap.  No matter how sanitary or convenient the Kill & Seal mouse trap is advertised to be, mine didn't catch any mice.Aside from the fact that my Kill & Seal trap didn't catch any mice the cost differential doesn't make any sense even if it had worked.  These traps are designed to be discarded after a single use.  Victor's wooden based spring traps, which already cost far less, can be easily emptied, washed and re-used repeatedly.Removing a dead mouse from a conventional trap may make some people cringe, but at least you know that the critter will no longer be invading your space.  Our daily newspapers come in long plastic bags that are perfect for disposing of mice.  I just slip the wooden trap inside one of those bags.  While handling the trap through the plastic bag as if the bag were a glove, I then release the mouse into the bag, lift out the trap, tie the top of the bag and discard the bagged mouse in my outdoor garbage container.  After washing the trap with anti-bacterial dish detergent, it's clean and ready to use again. Conventional Victor Spring Trap=5 vs. This Trap=0
I got these because we've seen a few mice scurrying across the floor.  I put some peanut butter in the little reservoir, set the trap, and waited...  and waited... and waited.  It's been more than a month, and neither of the two traps I set out have caught anything.Update (4/16/2012): I checked the trap to see if I needed to replace the bait; after all, it's been more than a year.  The only difference is the bait is gone, and the trap is filled with tiny mouse poops.  I'm throwing it out! Hasn't caught a single mouse!
These are a very well made, easy to use mousetrap. I like their bait system, but the simple fact that you cannot reuse them makes them a waste of money and materials.Let's face a simple fact, if you have two mice, you have more than two mice, much more! And paying $5 per mouse is going to get expensive very fast.And I really don't understand why these are not reusable. It should not be that hard to have a way to open them and dispose of the mouse. Yes I know some people can't stand to even look at mice, but I am not one of them.Overall, a "could have been great" product, but I would advise against buying this one. If only they were reusable
I don't get it.  There is so much that is unappealing about this, I actually don't know why I chose this.  Essentially a waste of a cardboard box and heavy plastic devices completely useless for any purpose.Tis the season that the warmth of a home or basement draws our little friends in.  However, these things have been put in basement for a month, repeatedly filled one with peanut butter and the other cheese.  Neither picked up anything.  However, a leftover gluetrap strip did.  I actually removed anything trap related in the basement and just kept these two down there for a week, and still nothing.  I know they are down there.  I hear them either munching a box or scurrying around.  No, they are no rats. I caught mice with glue traps several times.I can't play this game anymore or I will have families of mice living in these deluxe condos.  So, going to get more blue traps.  If for some reason one of these things ever catches a mouse I will certainly update this review.  But even if they did work, I don't like the idea that this contraption is not reusable.  It is irresponsible and a waste plastic.  I'll check back later.  But so far, no mice, no dice.January 23, 2011 UPDATE:  Changing the stars to 1 star.  The item is completely worthless.  Glue traps are the answer. 30 days.  0 mice.
The marketing premise is based on the fact that we all think mice are icky and we don't want their germs or their decomposing bodies in our homes. Fair enough. The idea is to catch the mouse with this trap and then toss the whole kit and caboodle in the trash. My husband's initial reaction, upon setting this up, was that throwing out a trap every time you catch a mouse isn't exactly environmentally friendly or easy on the wallet. But as this was a free sample, he agreed to give it a go.Well, now we still have the mouse . . . and the trap . . . minus the peanut butter we used as bait. There are little mouse giggles and peanut butter belches during the night.We will be going back to the traditional style mouse trap asap. The bait is gone & the mice are laughing . . .
This Trap's door is too small for an average mouse and as stated by most other reviewers on Amazon, while this product makes it easy to dispose off a trapped mouse without having to get in contact with the rodent, I personally find the trap utterly useless; I tried the same in the garage hoping to catch something other than mice as I know for sure that mice in our area is big enough to carry this funny contraption. But it did not catch anything! - Total waste of money.Novel concept but poorly designed and It is very expensive and totally useless product! - Not recommended.TIP:Once you engage the trap the only way to disengage it is to give the trap a big jolt by banging on a flat surface and you can re-engage the trap and wait, wait and wait for the elusive mouse! You gotta be kidding!
The idea behind this trap is great but it failed to work. I kept one glue trap and this trap at same location. A mouse was trapped in glue trap in 48 hours whereas nothing was caught in this trap in two weeks!There were no instructions in the package, just four cartoons on one side of the cover. Later I found the PDF file with instructions on Amazon web site.Automatically sealing dead mouse is good idea. The opening in this trap is very small and bigger mouse can't get in. The bottom line for me is that it does not work. Failed to Work in a Controlled Experiment
I've used many traps for mice and rats over the years, and the Victor kill and seal is another one that just doesn't work.  I know all about proper baiting and placement of traps, and I definitely have mice in my attic, but they won't go near the Kill and Seal.  The only difference between this trap and a regular spring-loaded trap is that this one has a cover over it so you don't have to see the dead mouse or look at it.  That is the only advantage, yet you're paying several dollars per trap more.  I guess another advantage is that the mice can't steal the bait from the trap, but that doesn't really matter if they never go for it.Unfortunately, the best mouse trap available is a glue trap.  However I think they are incredibly inhumane and an awful way to kill mice and rats.  If you absolutely have to get rid of mice and no other way is working, that is your best bet.  If you are looking for something similar to this trap and don't mind seeing a dead mouse, try theSnap-E Mouse Trap.  If you are looking to get rid of rats and have some money to burn, the best thing I've found is theAgri Zap RZU001 Rat Zapper Ultra(this product will not work with rats so make sure you know that your problem is mice).The Victor Kill & Seal is a good idea but poor execution and way too expensive for a single use product. Just doesn't work
The two Kill & Seal traps I deployed in my home failed to kill or trap a single mice during the weeks they were in place.  Meanwhile, old-fashioned, wooden traps met with great success.  I live in the country, surrounded by corn and soybean fields.  When harvest time arrives and the temperature begins to drop, the local field mice relocate nearby homes and barns.  I've used the made in USA,Victor M038 Easy Set Mouse Trap, 4-Pack, baited with peanut butter, with good success.  In fact, after I used the Kill & Seal, exclusively, for two weeks, I placed an easy set trap within one foot of each of the Kill & Seals.  Both Easy Sets killed mice within a few hours while the Kill & Seals remained unsprung and empty.Besides not liquidating mice, the Kill & Seal traps are not easy to conceal, cannot be placed in tight spaces, and offer only point of entry to mice that happen upon them.  Definitely not a better mouse trap.  I will continue to use either the Victor Easy Sets or the regular, old-fashioned Victor wooden traps to rid my home of mice.BTW, in order to get the most out of an Easy Set, I highly recommend disregarding the instructions saying to bait the traps.  Peanut butter on the yellow paddle has always done the trick for me. Useless
My attic usually gets a few mice this time of year, and I was anxious to try out this trap.  These are very easy to use, you just pop in the bait and then turn the knob to set the trigger.  Unfortunately, when I turned the knob on the second trap, something went *crack* inside and it was broken.  I treated both traps exactly the same, with no excessive cranking or force.Luckily for my house, but not for this review, it appears my efforts to close all of the tiny access points into my attic are successful, and none of the traps up there has a victim yet.  I believe the remaining trap will work as advertised if any mice do find their way up there.  The concept behind these traps -- no muss, no fuss disposal -- is good if you don't want to get up close & personal with your dead rodents.  But especially given the price, a 50% failure rate right out of the box is unacceptable. Defective
The day after I received the Victor Kill & Seal Mouse Traps, we saw a mouse in our house. I set up the mouse traps and stood back to see what would happen. You want to know what happened? Nothing. The mouse looked interested in the trap, even crawled on top of it to check it out but did not go inside the trap to get the peanut butter. I also set up some old style snap traps to see what would happen after watching the mouse crawl on top of the new traps. The old style snap traps got the mouse. I don't mind taking out the mouse carcasses to throw them away, but I do wear rubber gloves when I do it. I've NEVER had a mouse make a huge mess when it was caught in an old style snap trap (no blood or guts....maybe just a bit of urine or poo to have to clean up). I think the Victor kill and seal traps are a waste of money and resources. It seems a shame to throw away this plastic container that is going to then sit in a landfill forever. I suppose if you don't like seeing mouse carcasses then this may be a better item for you. I could also see it would probably be handy to use in a cabin or someplace where you wouldn't be all the time to check the traps on a daily basis (which is why I gave it 2 stars instead of just one). For everyday practical purposes though, I would not purchase these traps, I will stick with the old style snap traps. So while these traps may serve a purpose, they are not for me or my home.Update to my review May 2011: I've had these Victor Kill and Seal Mouse Traps in my house since I received them. They have caught NOTHING! I checked the traps on a regular basis and recently found the peanut butter totally cleaned out of one of the traps but the trap never went off. If you would like to provide a nice comfortable home for a mouse, feel free to buy these traps because they are a complete waste of money. I put out some more of the old snap traps and caught my mouse overnight! If I could give these traps a negative star, I would. I have now thrown mine in the garbage because that is all they are....GARBAGE! I'll be sticking with my snap traps from now on. They have never let me down. Seems like such a waste
One room with hardwood floors where I kept a rescue cat and her kittens became infested with fleas. Treated the mother and kittens with Advantage II when they were weaned, and removed them from the room. The boxes and bedding I had in there for them was thrown out. There is nothing on the floor, no curtains, no furniture,  no rug, just an empty room. Seems like that would be easy to rid of fleas, right? I vacuumed then sprayed every square inch of the floor, including window sills and into the baseboards. Some fleas died but the next day there were still live fleas jumping around. Vacuumed every other day. Mixed Suspend with Archer which is supposed to keep the flea eggs and larvae from hatching. Still had fleas live through it and hatch out. Sprayed a third time, this time with 3x the amount specified of both chemicals mixed with water. It has been almost a month and that room still has fleas! That room has been completely locked up and empty other than my vacuuming and spraying episodes. This is just pointless and a waste of money, and made my stomach upset for days after spraying it despite using proper ventilation, and wearing rain boots and rubber gloves.*UPDATE: If you are reading this, you are looking for a solution to your indoor flea infestation. I want to share what I finally found that did work! I mixed three chemicals together at the recommended levels with water:1) Talstar Pro insecticide (active ingredient: 7.9% Bifenthrin)2) Dominion insecticide (active ingredient: 21.4% Imidacloprid)3) Nyguard IGR (active ingredient: Pyriproxyfen)First let me warn that Talstar is not recommended for broadcast spray indoors, however I was willing to try anything that might work. Talstar is a very strong insecticide. Dominion contains the same chemical used in Advantage topical flea treatment (do NOT use Dominion on pets though!). Nyguard stops eggs and larvae from hatching.To mix and spray these chemicals, you must wear a respirator mask and I recommend wearing long pants tucked into rubber rain boots, long sleeves, goggles, and elbow length chemical-resistant gloves. You should crack the windows to ventilate and keep pets and people out of the treated room. After the first spray with this mix, nearly all fleas were DEAD that day! A week later, only a few flea eggs had managed to survive and hatch, and the second spray eliminated them. No return of fleas! Just for good measure, I sprayed a third time (all 3 spraying were 1 week apart), and I left the room with the residue on the floor for several weeks after the last spray. Just be safe I mopped the floors with pinesol twice to remove any trace of the chemicals before allowing any pets to enter the room. This long process may be overly cautious but I didn't want any possibility of a reinfestation by mopping too soon, and I wouldn't take a chance of poisoning to my pets! not effective on house fleas even with an IGR
As I stated in the title this is my first review, but a longtime Amazon Prime whom buys everything online.Upon initially receiving this product I was blown away by the quality of the sprayer. My other two sprayers are the box store roundup (ok) and the Chaplin 1 gallon. The quality difference what instantly noticeable. I loaded up glypsophate (aka roundup) and prepared to clear 300 ft of weeds on my swell.Five minutes in the unit falls apart. Half spilling on the lawn, the rest on me. Upon taking a hiatus to remove the chemical of my clothes and self I noticed that the connection between the handpump and the internal pump valve are connected by two plastic screws in between two pieces of plastic. I forgot to add that I wasted 30 minutes looking for the two screws amongst the weed.Disappointing since the unit as such promise, but a few corners cut by the manufacturer ruin what could've been a great device. I will be returning later today and searching for a different option. My first review. Only as good as weakest link.
I am very bummed out to be writing this review, but I'd be doing the public a disservice not to.  I really wanted to love this product and use it and be happy with it, but it just wasn't meant to be.Setup/assembly was a breeze. It fired up immediately and I started mowing away on my small front lawn.  My grass at the time was about 5 inches high, so I had to start with a higher blade setting and go lower as time went on.  It went well for about eight minutes, cutting and mulching like a pro.  And then it just...died.  I tried changing different outlets, different extension cords, but no dice.  Every time I'd try to turn on the mower, it would trip my circuit breaker (15 or 20A on all outlets tried).  I stopped trying when, at one point, I plugged in the extension cord which was already plugged into the mower, and sparks shot out of my outlet.OK, so it's a defected product.  I decided to give the company a chance to remedy this situation before going back to Amazon.  Unfortunately, I couldn't reach Greenworks to save my life.  I stayed on their customer support line in the queue for 20-30 minutes each time, waiting fruitlessly.  I tried right at 9am, right at 4:55 PM, and in between.  I emailed their customer support address and got no response, either.  Not even an email confirmation saying &#34;thanks for reaching us, we'll get back to you in 24-48 hours).  So, with a defective product in hand and no customer service to remedy the situation whatsoever, I am returning this lemon to Amazon.  I don't want a replacement of a product that the company won't bother to support!Again, I'm not happy to be writing this review.  I see so many 5 star reviews on here of extremely happy users.  But, I'm just not one of them.  Too bad.  What will I buy instead? Defective product + zero company support = bad
I put this "bait" around the perimeter of my house about a month ago. The packaging is very convenient and has a hinged cap for the top portion as seen in the illustration and the bottom portion of the cap has holes. Turning the plastic container upside down and squeezing the sides causes the granules to escape through the cap holes. The granules are teeny tiny and seem to be only slightly larger than dust particles. After applying the granules I could no longer see them in the mulch, pine straw and other vegetation that encircles the perimeter of my house. One of the other reviewers placed some of this product on a sheet of paper to observe any insect activity. That is a great idea and makes for a more accurate analysis of the product but unfortunately I did not think of doing that. As a result I can only report on what I see and what I see is a whole bunch of live ants. There was a time when I saw what I had hoped was an ant funeral procession which I was willing to attribute to Terro Ant Bait consumption but it turned out to be just a parade to and from an ant food source.I have no evidence to support an ant population decrease and therefore have no choice but to rate this one star. I have several varieties of ants but they all seem to be thriving despite the generous supply of Terro Ant Bait which I provided for them. Ant Food?
Thank goodness for Amazon Prime because it totally, completely just stopped working the 2nd time I used it. Beware, I am very disappointed, I had hopes of years use with it. I had to come back to alter the rating because the 1st time was great. Urgh! OK, it quit working the 2nd time I used it!
Fiskar is known for its sharp tools and this product appears sturdy. However while using the de-weeder the first time, this device could not remove deeper weeds. Had to go at it multiple times. First the device kept slipping off the weed stem then when it did grip the stem, I pulled for dear life and heard the shaft crack and loosen. Needless to say that it is a good idea, but just did not work for me. I will get the garden weasel. Good concept and design--snapped during first use
This thing is a waste of moeny and time. I never figured out how to use this thing. Don't bother with this one. Don't bother
I bought this item 3 months ago trying to solve my mouse problem. long story short it did not work.Long story,I live in a 1550sq ft ranch style house. When we first moved in we had a small mouse problem so i started traping them. I saw this item hopeing it will save me time checking the traps and re setting them. I plugged the product into the inside kitchen wall which is about dead center on my house. We thought it was taking care of the mouse problem until last week. We found a baby mouse in the printers paper tray! This was about 15' from the unit. Later that day we heard chewing in the attic and i found a nest above the living room, which is next to the kitchen, about 15 feet from the product. We went back to using good old snap traps and i cought 2 adults and 1 baby, also some kind of small mole. We havent had any insects but i also spray outside monthly. I really did believe in this product but i guess it was just luck that the mouse went away for 2 months when i first installed it.My advice, stick to the snap traps or a hotel. Junk
I ordered two and neither will hold air! Waste of time and effort trying to get replaced. Sorry I couldn't give it a one star review. Poor choice- faulty quality
The .7Kg / 25 oz Karcher Cordless window and flat surface wet vac, designed and engineered in Germany and made in Hungary, is packaged as four pieces which quickly snap together.  The tank snaps onto the handle section which contains the motor works and rechargeable lithium ion battery, then the vacuum neck snaps into the handle section, locking the tank into place.  Lastly, the blade assembly snaps into the vacuum neck.  Fully assembled, the device stands 14" / 356 mm tall, 4.75" / 121 mm deep, and 3.5" / 89 mm wide at the base and 11" / 280 mm wide at the wiper blade.According to the instructions on the box, all that's required is to spray the surface with cleaning solution then vac-wipe.  On relatively clean mirrors in the bathroom the Karcher Cordless window and flat surface wet vac worked well enough.  When I tried this approach on dirty exterior windows and wound up with a streaky mess.  I went to the product website for additional information and found the online instructions require a three step process. Spray the surface with detergent, clean the surface with a microfiber cloth, then vacuum the liquid away.  Once done, empty the tank and recharge the battery for next time.Between the small tank and the need to scrub the windows first, it's easier to just use a standardwindow washing squeegee.Being promoted as being able to clean windows, mirrors, condensation, showers, car windows, spills, and auto bodies, I grabbed the Karcher Cordless window and flat surface wet vac to clean up a significant spill in our bar.  The Karcher wet vac started sucking up the liquid, then would spit it out the side venting and shut down.  As a device to clean up spills, the Karcher Cordless window and flat surface wet vac fails to deliver, and made a bigger mess on my cabinets.I am so disgusted by the ineffectiveness and uselessness of the Karcher Cordless window and flat surface wet vac I wish I could return it, or better yet destroy it with a sledge hammer.  I would suggest there is a special need for assistance, I would recommendPROS:Clean up to 45 windows per chargeSimple to assembleCan be returned for a full refundCONS:Ineffective and excessive tool Really?: A Karcher Cordless Window & Flat Surface Wet Vac Review
Before I had a black and decker string trimmer. It worked fine but I thought it should have lasted longer than it did. So  I purposely bought a weed eater. That was a big mistake. This weed eater is no good at all. Worthless junk. The string will not feed, after many attemps to make it work, I had to give up. It is junk. I cannot recommend it. worthless
First the line won't feed. Then the line won't stop feeding. Then the excess line wraps around the hub. Then the weeds wrapped around the hub. Then the electric motor overheated. And so ended the first (and last) half hour of using this cheap piece of garbage. What a Piece of Cheap Garbage
Some sunshine at last, and I am able to try out the new umbrella. It works; it looks nice; and it seems well made. It arrived without the finial; however, once I notified Ace Evert and forwarded the Amazon delivery notice, Mark Spiegel sent me a replacement.I live in a very windy place and am finding that even light wind gusts affect the stability of my patio table when the umbrella is up. I wish I had a square umbrella stand, instead of the round one I have presently, and I may even try screwing the legs of the table to the deck. But I'm beginning to think the best thing to do is to lower it in windy conditions and even on calm days when I'm not sitting at the table, in order to hang onto things in the event of a sudden gust.Update Aug 2012. In the process of lowering it,due to an approaching storm,that notorious pin fell out, the umbrella collapsed, and the bottle of red wine which I'd just opened, was swept onto the deck. My positive feelings for the product quickly drained away, along with the wine. Lower the mainsail!
I feel bad leaving a bad review, but nevertheless, this machine did not work well for me.I put it all together, no leaks, all together properly, but it was no more than a lazy trickle. My finger over the top of the hose did better and was twice as powerful. I used the soap dispenser and it worked okay, but nothing fancy about it. Then I took to power-washing (and I hate to even use that term here). I looked for kinks in the hose...I turned the water all the way up, checked to see if I had the machine turned on, checked to see if I had it plugged in...maybe I got a lemon, I don't know, but this machine wouldn't even wash the dirt off the bottom of my shoe (yes, I tried that too). I left it out so my husband could try it when he got home from work...like maybe I missed something that he could see and get it to work better. Nope, sorry folks, it didn't work for me. I wasn't expecting a lot, because it is small, but honestly, my hose can do better on its own. Where's the pressure? Again, maybe I got a lemon, but I'm returning it, not exchanging it, and buying a professional one. I can always turn it down if it's too powerful...but can't turn this one up! Trickle....
Experiments have shown that BPA is harmful to animals with negative impacts on functions including development, metabolism, reproductive activity and many more (E.g., see Science Daily "Harmful effects of bisphenol A demonstrated experimentally", January 22, 2013, or Google for a very long list of other articles. The danger of BPA has pretty well become common knowledge at this point and doesn't seem to be disputed.)I emailed Aspects to ask if this feeder contains BPA because it was not clear that it did not. I received a reply from Carol that Aspects does use BPA in this and all their other polycarbonate feeders. She also said they have no current intent to make a BPA-free feeder. Let's encourage them to change that stance!I think it goes without saying that we should not be feeding our beautiful wildlife chemicals that harm them if we care about them as much as we like to think we do. Even if one isn't concerned about the first generation of hummingbirds, consider the likely possibility that the chemicals are transferred to offspring during gestation and may accumulate through generations. Furthermore, consider the food chain and the general fact that we're putting these chemicals out in our environment.Nalgene and other companies have removed BPA from their plastics and still make very strong and aesthetic water bottles without it. This feeder has many _great_ properties, but it's not the only feeder with them; personally I will buy alternatives until Aspects decides to make a BPA-free hummingbird feeder to purchase one of theirs. I would love to see them do so.There are many hummingbird feeders out there.  Aspects is the primary manufacturer using BPA that I am aware of.  If you like this feeder, consider alternatives from other brands. Made with BPA a chemical known to harm reproductive ability, development, and metabolism in animals
I purchased this product for my house plants, greenhouse, and cuttings containers.  To tell the truth, I saw no difference in the amount of fungus gnats whatsoever.  But the reason I'm specifically displeased with it, is that it seemed to inhibit root formation on my cuttings.  The container (plastic tote) that was untreated had a lot of fungus gnats as usual, but the cuttings quickly grew roots just as I expected them to.  In the two containers that were treated with gnatrol, few of the cuttings survived at all, but the ones that did were painfully slow to form roots and even after rooting most of them eventually succumbed due to unidentifiable factors. The only difference in play was the addition of this product, so that is where I'm placing blame.Didn't help a bit, and possibly caused harm...not to mention a little pricey.  I'm not going to be a return customer for this item. Doesn't work.
I think I've tried everything now to get rid of fungus gnats.  This stuff didn't do much if anything.  The yellow stickies caught bunches but barely slowed them.  I let the plants dry until nearly dead, I tried teas, spices, soaps, Neem, and everything else I found or heard about. I finally got rid of them by scraping off the top 1" layer of soil and replacing it with sand. Didn't work
This stuff was great in the start, made 17 gallons, and plant's did fine... at first. Three people were using the same brand, after about 2 months every single plant of ours died for some unknown reason. We've even fertilized them with organic fertilizers. I believe we may have gotten bad coir, I will not be buying this again.I decided to reseed some seeds into the leftover coir, the plants are not doing too well either. I transplanted some of the good plants into regular soil while I could. But while transplanting all the coir was breaking away from the roots exposing the roots to nothing but air. This stuff is horrible to work with. There must be something wrong with it for 3 people to have all their plants die from this coir.Save yourself some time and just get regular organic soil. This was a nightmare for all of us. We've lost countless hours of work due to this coir. Horrible
While it is clearly squirrel proof, this item is also bird proof.only the smallest of fledglings could reach the suet.After one week all of the suet remains as nobody could get to it. useless
I've used Havahart traps very extensively in the past, and they usually work great.  Flawlessly.  I love them.This new model I received is not flawless.  The trigger design has changed completely.  In the past it was a combination of rods springs and counterweights, which would make the exit door snap down when the animal touched the trigger.The new design uses cables.  The cables pull the door(s) up and hold the doors open.  I think this is causing some problem because if the cable is not the perfect length, i mean, if its even off by a few millimeters, then the trap won't set right.Out of the box, the trap seemed to work initially.  I pulled the handle and Voila, it was set.  Touch the food tray and SNAP it closed.  So far so good.The problem started when I just opened ONE door to release the imaginary animal.  The door wouldn't stay open.The trap is supposed to be able to work with one or two doors.  It says right on the instructions that you may want to set the trap as a 1 door trap for larger critters.  And you certainly don't want to open BOTH doors when you are letting the animal out, as it could "run out the back" and scurry up your leg.After I tried to set it as a 1 door trap, now the 2 door trap won't work either.  Somehow the trigger mechanism won't set right.  Whether I try to use it as a 1 door trap or a 2 door trap, the trap won't stay open.So it won't work at all.  Which is really disappointing.  I'm going to contact the manufacturer to see if there is anything that can be done, but, because it is "easy set" and you "just move the lever 1 2 3" there is simply nothing else that I can do differently. Very temperamental
I regularly use an older larger version (I believe it is the next size up) of the Havahart humane trap.  While it does not always catch the critters, it does a decent enough job - say 4 stars.  When you run a farm, you can never have too many critter traps esp. when raising critically endangered breeds of birds who are starting to sit on their nests!Unfortunately this "new & improved" version of the Havahart trap is pretty worthless.  While it is very easy to open one or both doors, it is another thing entirely to get the door/s to stay open.  So far we have not caught a single critter.  The trap is always set off though!  Sometimes it is even knocked around.  Yet, no critter is inside.  I am still keeping it set up on the off chance it does what is supposed to do, but I have very little expectation in finding anything more than an overturned cage with closed doors.This newer version is so sensitive that even a slight bump to the trap causes the doors to snap shut.  The only way it's going to catch a critter is if the bugger doesn't sniff at the cage & walks directly inside!  Not very realistic.  Hence the closed door & tipped over trap thanks to the critters triggering the hypersensitive door then proceeding to drive themselves crazy pawing at the yummy treats inside!'If things miraculously change for the better, I will return to edit my review.  In the meantime, don't bother with this one!  Do yourself a favor & get the traps that have the little metal piece that you can manually fix if needed to insure that the door/s to the trap will stay open. Don't Bother
I purchased this weeder based on the excellent reviews, but I had a totally different experience with this product.  I used this tool for about 1 hr straight today.  Mostly I was weeding dandelions (this weeder really looks to be a take on the traditional dandelion digger, so I thought it would work well).  But I also used it to weed various other types of weeds throughout the yard and garden.As other reviewers have pointed out, the tool does have very sharp points and is built to last - nice, heavy, one-piece polished aluminum construction and nice quality handle.  However, I was very disappointed in the functionality of this tool, mainly because of the design of the functional weeding tip.  The widest opening at tip (top width of the V) is only 3/8" (actually slightly less than 3/8") and it is a very narrow V (the vertical cutting part of the V is 3/4").  It just did not work for big dandelions - the root of big dandelions is just too large to fit nicely into the cutting area, even if when I used force to try to cut off large roots, it did not work well. I think this is also because the inside cutting edges of the V are very dull, so it does not cut roots well.  Also, the V is very narrow and thick and gets clogged with dirt easily.  Another point about the design is that the lever is at a very flat, awkward angle and does not work well for "popping" weeds.  I did try different angles and positions of the Fiskars weeder and it just did not work for me.  It seemed to take so much effort to use.The only minor success that I had was in very soft soil in a mulched garden bed, but definitely worse than the standard dandelion digger.  It also worked okay for digging under clover on bare soil.  I cannot imagine using this tool in thick grass or hard dirt.  Definitely do not recommend.  I will try sharpening my traditional dandelion digger tip and continue using it. Bad design
Experiments have shown that BPA is harmful to animals with negative impacts on functions including development, metabolism, reproductive activity and many more (E.g., see Science Daily "Harmful effects of bisphenol A demonstrated experimentally", January 22, 2013, or Google for a very long list of other articles.  The danger of BPA has pretty well become common knowledge at this point and doesn't seem to be disputed.)I emailed Aspects to ask if this feeder contains BPA because it was not clear that it did not. I received a reply from them that Aspects does use BPA in this and all their other polycarbonate feeders.  They also explicitly said they have no current intent to make a BPA-free feeder.  Let's encourage them to change that stance!I think it goes without saying that we should not be feeding our beautiful wildlife chemicals that harm them if we care about them as much as we like to think we do. Even if one isn't concerned about the first generation of hummingbirds, consider the likely possibility that the chemicals are also transferred to offspring during gestation and may accumulate through generations. Furthermore, consider the food chain and the general fact that we're putting these chemicals out in our environment.Nalgene and other companies have removed BPA from their plastics and still make very strong and aesthetic water bottles without it. This feeder has many great properties, but it's not the only feeder with them; personally I will buy alternatives (of which there are plenty) until Aspects decides to make a BPA-free hummingbird feeder to purchase one of theirs. I would love to see them do so. Made with bisphenol A (BPA) a chemical known to harm reproductive ability, development, and metabolism in animals
This thing is ridiculously flimsy and it arrived with crimps and damaged  rim. For $12 this is ridiculous...and it has a sticker one it calling it a kitty litterbox cover...WTF is that? It's also not Hydrofarm brand, I own several Hydrofarm products froms grow lights to timers and it's all high quality which is why I ordered this, I am very disappointed. It works but it's so thin you have to be very easy with it . Horrible quality
We ordered these when some field mice decided to attack the fuel lines and wires in our two vehicles and cost us a great deal of money to repair. The war is on to kill these little buggers and this is just part of our arsenal to get rid of them. They arrived promptly and as described, but since we put them out, no mice have been caught, so either the mice are gone or hiding. We'll see and will update this review accordingly then.Overall, they appear durable enough to do the job they were designed for and very easy to handle and set up and the best part, they appear strong and lasting enough to reuse if you can stomach doing so.UPDATE as of 3/22/14:No mice caught in them and they broke with regular use after owning for just a couple of months. CAN'T RECOMMEND AT ALL!!!!:(  Used peanut butter as bait and nothing. Lousy-Pricey-Didn't work; then broke. Waste of money!
I set two of these to try to catch the rats that have been pestering my chickens. Both traps caught a rat. Neither trap killed the rat immediately.The first was pretty horrific, as the trap somehow caught the rat at the hip. The rat crawled a good 25 feet away and was still breathing 8ish hours later when i found it. The second seems to have been a bit faster, as the trap did close on the rat's head/neck, but the rat was able to crawl about 8 feet away from where the trap was set before finally dying.So if you're totally ok with this being a grossly INhumane trap, i can say it does seem to _catch_ rats. It's easy to bate, and there's no risk of breaking a finger while setting it. However, if you're queasy about killing and were hoping for something that would kill the vermin so quickly they didn't know what hit them, this is absolutely not the trap to get. Catches rats, but doesn't kill them
I gave these a good try on my grill tonight, and here were my results:Feel: Charcoal is surprisingly dusty and dirty.  It has a fine black dust all over it that gets on everything.  Once I had the bag open, I had to double bag the rest to prevent it from getting on my clothing and on everything in my house.Lighting: Charcol lit very easily from a chimney.  No problem getting it started.Briquette Burning: Burned very easily--briquettes turned light grey very quickly and evenly burned.Smoke: No smoke---this is a major problem for barbecues.  I use hardwood briquettes mostly for the wonderful smoke that infuses the food with flavor.  These have no smoke, so they did not create the barbecue flavor.Smell: Did not smell like the barbecue I know and love.  Apart from no smoke, they had a strange odor while burning that was not appetizing.Heat: While the briquettes lit quickly and burned evenly, they did not burn very hot.  It would be impossible to sear my food with these briquettes, or cool at any reasonable temperature.  I had to add a few real briquettes to get my food done.Price: Far more expensive than conventional briquettes.In short, I see nothing redeeming in this product and recommend you do not buy it. Terrible product I do not recommend you buy - does not get hot and no nice aroma
I have owned B&D cordless outdoor equipment for 10+ years.  They are of such high quality I rarely need to replace them.  But the batteries are so expensive, sometimes it pays to just buy new.  Enter this trimmer...my first use lasted about 3 minutes and I did notice it spun much faster and louder than my previous 18V.  I went to hang it back up on the wall but first decided to check the line length remaining out of curiosity.  It had maybe 5 inches left!  Huh?  It was a new spool when I installed it.  All I did was trim grass, I thought to myself.  Next week I installed a new line and made absolute sure that I was trimming grass and not dirt.  Same result.  I called B&D and was told this was an issue with the older models but not this one.  She sent me a replacement for free.  I tried the second one and had the exact same experience.  Back it went as well.  I am just going to replace batteries in my old model because using a spool a use compared to one every year is just ridiculous to me. Eats line faster than it trims grass.
I have one Black and Decker Cordless trimmer/it is very weak does not trim any thing I expected. Now I see the Worx GT on TV. I would not buy it. Too good to be true. no power
My other grasshog trimmer died after 8 years, and I picked this one up. Like others the auto-feeder had issues. It was binding on itself, would spit out too much line and get twisted up. It was horrible. I went to my local Home Depot and talked to them and they said "most of these come back."  I will probably try another B&D but I would stay away from this one until they work the issues out. Line feeder is horrible, had to return it.
Stopped working after less than a few month's of sporadic use. Gave as a gift. It broke. Embarrassing.Back to the drawing board???Undoubtedly better options out there. Not a very good item.
For this price and size, the diameter of the disc should be thicker.  I currently have a few houseplants around the living room which I filled with large rocks.  Works fine for when they thrive and just sit there.  But when I had a plant die last winter, I had to convince hubby to drag the whole heavy pot, palm fronds in his face, out to the yard in the snow and dead of winter to dump it out so I could replace it.  Enter, Garden Genius pot fillers.  I find that the material is fantastic for letting water drain through and helps prevent roots from just sitting in standing water.  However, once you place a ton of soil and your plant on top of it, the disc is pretty much flattened out.  I'm not entirely sure how helpful it is with drainage at that point.  On the plus side, it keeps the soil from leaking out of the bottom of the drainage holes in my planter.Garden Genius has a cheaperalternativein the form of a roll which you can cut to measure.  Moreover, you can layer these so that you have a little more volume to stand up to the weight of the soil.But an even cheaper alternative?  Buy something fragile here on Amazon and hope for packing peanuts.  Another time trusted method for very large pots is using discarded plastic containers such as milk jugs, yogurt cups, soda cans, etc. You can layer the plastic containers or packing peanuts along the bottom, cover with a sheet of landscape fabric or burlap, then put soil on top.  Ta Da!If you found this review helpful, please let met know!  Thanks! Love the material, not the shape nor the cost
Our two basic wooden mousetraps that we have in our garage have caught over 100 mice with just peanut butter on them. I don't see any need for these and especially when they are deadly to humans and pets. Not worth the risk. Not worth the risk
With several backyard chickens, our garage is a host for little mice.  We store all of our grains in the garage, and no matter how clean I keep the garage and how secure I keep the grain, we still manage to have the pitter patter of little feet running through.  I put the Tomcat Mouse Killer in the garage to help control the number of mice I see there.  Even despite after eating the bait, I noticed a few green tinged poops and after the bait was completed, I still saw evidence of little visitors in my garage.  Either I have a lot more mice that I thought, or this stuff isn't working.  I decided to get a few old fashioned snap traps which seem to be working much more effectively, even though it's not nearly as pretty. Did Not Work for Us
I found an ant hill in my yard, so I put the stakes around it, but, unfortunately, I didn't notice any difference with ant activity. The hill is alive and thriving. I used the same maker's liquid ant baits for indoors and they wiped out ants in just a few days, I am surprised why those did not work. did nothing to the ant hill
Ok, if you are any kind of a gardener, you know you can't put a plant in a pot without any openings in the bottom becauseit could become water logged and the leaves will turn brown.  The roots need space between the soil for oxygen.  Like most gardeners, I usually add some rocks or broken clay tiles on the bottom of pots without any drainage holes.  The idea of this product, Durable Pot Filler Disc, is to place this disc on the bottom of the pot before putting in the soil and plant and it will provide breathing room for the roots.  When I debate if I am going to buy these discs or use some rocks, pebbles, or broken tiles I have laying around, I am going to use what I already have.  You can reuse these discs but you can also reuse rocks.  What I have seen suggested in gardening books is to buy the material used for these discs in a roll a cut your own which would make it cheaper.  The material it is made out of is like what is used in some evaporative cooler pads, not the straw or cardboard ones, the plastic ones. Not that great
Since I wrote my original review, the four CAMCO 50 foot hoses that we bought, all have developed bad kinks,  several of which now leak (because the hose totally broke down). There is no way I can recommend this product and I hope that other customers don't have the severe problems with these CAMCO hoses, that we've had.Original review:  We bought three of these Camco "premium" drinking water hoses recently, and they KINK something fierce. Furthermore, since this hose is heavier and firmer, when it kinks, the bend itself doesn't resolve and it tends to kink over and over at the same place or places.  I love the hose otherwise, but the design is either defective or we got a couple of bad Camco hoses!  I can't recommend this hose at all, due to this severe problem! This hose kinks something awful!
There are the good and bad...PROS.1. The water spray is adequate..2. It is light weight in comparison to its competitors...CONS.1. It is very hard to start..2. Briggs and Stratton gas engines run rough. They are not as smooth as Honda..3. Mine lasted only a year. I did not use it much - three times or nine hours total..4. It is cheaply built. Too many plastic parts are used. It Died After a Year.
This pressure washer is hard to start and has a lousy carburetor that will fill your crankcase with gas while leaking all over the ground. This is a &#34;one year&#34; design and the pump is light duty. Expect to get about 15 days of service out of it before the pump craps out. Their customer service people are not much help either. Nice Design...leaks gas, hard to start
Don't waste your money. The birds would not eat this product. I tried putting it in different types of feeders, mixing it with BOSS and spreading it the ground. Nope...nothing. Birds wouldn't eat it
Unfortunately, we have too many black birds and sparrows to appreciate putting out these mealworms.  It's just not for us, but I thought I would give it a try to attract some other type birds. For the Birds
I like that these are disposable. however, you must touch the posion to load them, which is a hassle, to put it mildly.The mice eat the poison from the station and die elsewhere. The biggest problem with this product and with poisoning mice (besides the inhumane treatment of poisoning mice) is that cats or dogs cat then eat the dead mice and then the pets die that way. Although this product is good at making sure that children and other pets do not get to the poison, the fact that the mice will die somewhere in the house and might be then eaten by your pets who will then die is scary. meh
With several backyard chickens, our garage is a host for little mice.  We store all of our grains in the garage, and no matter how clean I keep the garage and how secure I keep the grain, we still manage to have the pitter patter of little feet running through.  I put the Tomcat Mouse Killer in the garage to help control the number of mice I see there.  Even despite after eating the bait, I noticed a few green tinged poops and after the bait was completed, I still saw evidence of little visitors in my garage.  Either I have a lot more mice that I thought, or this stuff isn't working.  I decided to get a few old fashioned snap traps which seem to be working much more effectively, even though it's not nearly as pretty.  Because the bait was not effectively, I have not use for a refillable station.  Maybe you'll have better luck than me - but for didn't work in our household. Did not work for us
I do have a rat problem at my house. They move back and forth between the attic and the backyard. So I had hoped that this would help cut down their numbers a bit by placing this strategically in areas where I know they occur. In the entire time that I have had this, evidently not a single rat has been fooled into nibbling on the bait, because it is still the same as it was the day I opened it. Even placing it in areas where I know rats have been, the bait was not touched. I don't know how to judge the success of something like this, which has a delayed effect, but I do know how to judge its failure, and in my case this failed. Did not work
I've had this in place for nearly three weeks, but the bait block is still a perfect rectangle with sharp corners and not a nibble nibbled off.In that time, i've seen rats in the area. I can actually see where they've modified their little race track to go around the bait station instead of interacting with it.And the whole point of the pre-loaded bait station is to keep the bait off your hands. Too bad the box was full of bait-dust, so it got all over my hands anyway. The rats are not impressed
A key thing to realize with this trap's bait is that it killed the mice when there was no other food to be had. That suggests that, out in the real world, a mouse would rather wander off and eat something else rather than take a big blue bite of the brick inside this bait station. I can say, with certainty, that the mice snacking on my garden have zero interest in this product. The mice are not impressed
Purchased two packs of these stakes from Amazon. Less than a week in the ground the stakes are cracked, dry and brittle. Too expensive sticks to have broken down so fast.  Never would I buy these stakes again. They are definitely not for use in a garden bed. Not worth it
A bag of catfood in the laundry room closet got superinfested with Pantry Moths.  Although I got ready of the bag of catfood, there must have been 1000 larvae in the room.I sprayed the room with an insecticide and closed the door for a couple of days but still saw emerging moths.  Then I stuck in one of these traps and a bowl of water.  I knew to use the latter because the moths kept drowning themselves in the cat's waterbowl.Four days later and I have a water bowl full of dead moths and exactly three moths stuck in their little moth hotel.  Guess it's time to bring in the steam cleaner. Killed More Moths With a Bowl of Water Than These
No option for ZERO stars, had to give it one star?!  Last year I bought the Terro brand.  It took a few weeks but they caught all the moths eventually. The Terro's  traps were filled up within a month and the entire moth population died off.  However, a few weeks ago, I noticed moths returning so immediately went to Amazon to buy more traps but bought the wrong kind.  These Catchmaster traps are NOT working!  The moths are living and flying happily around.  I'm so disgusted that I didn't re-order the same brand that I bought before, not realizing it was Terro that had worked previously. I do NOT recommend these. I believe I've received defective traps or the &#34;bait&#34; is expired. There is no option to get a replacement...just an option to send them back.  It's too much trouble and time/expense to package them up and travel to the post office to return these.  I'll quickly go order the Terro brand that I had before and hopefully, let this be a lesson learned for all.  This is a sad, troubling experience. I'm usually happy with Amazon. Not this time! This Catchmaster brand does not catch or trap moths!
Both this product and the trap it goes into did zero to help get rid of stink bugs. Waste of money. Don't bother. Absolutely worthless
The trap didn't work, and the refills do not work. Stink bugs galore -- everywhere but in this worthless trap! A rip off! Didn't work
I purchased this and found it to be a waste of money. It does not attrack the stink bugs like it claims. They still come t the house Don't waste your money
This product does not do a better job than rocks or gravel. While it is easy to drop into your container (and putting in rocks would take about two more minutes) I don't think it provides a value.  When you factor in the high price, I feel any weight benefits are terribly overshadowed.  I do not have to move my gardening pots very often anyway.  I also keep five pots on my deck and purchasing this filler disc for all of them would be prohibitive.  It states that it is long-lasting but.... Is it going to be longer lasting than the rocks I have used in the past?  These rocks are mostly cultivated from my own backyard and add no additional expense. I suppose if you need to move your pots several times a day and have money to burn, this may be of some value to you. Not a good value
I totally agree with another review that for this price and size, the diameter of the disc should be thicker.  I currently have a few houseplants around the living room which I filled with large rocks.  Works fine for when they thrive and just sit there.  But when I had a plant die last winter, I had to convince hubby to drag the whole heavy pot, palm fronds in his face, out to the yard in the snow and dead of winter to dump it out so I could replace it.  Enter, Garden Genius pot fillers.  I find that the material is fantastic for letting water drain through and helps prevent roots from just sitting in standing water.  However, once you place a ton of soil and your plant on top of it, the disc is pretty much flattened out.  I'm not entirely sure how helpful it is with drainage at that point.  On the plus side, it keeps the soil from leaking out of the bottom of the drainage holes in my planter.Garden Genius has a cheaperalternativein the form of a roll which you can cut to measure.  Moreover, you can layer these so that you have a little more volume to stand up to the weight of the soil.But an even cheaper alternative?  Buy something fragile here on Amazon and hope for packing peanuts.  Another time trusted method for very large pots is using discarded plastic containers such as milk jugs, yogurt cups, soda cans, etc. You can layer the plastic containers or packing peanuts along the bottom, cover with a sheet of landscape fabric or burlap, then put soil on top.  Ta Da!If you found this review helpful, please let me know! Like the material, not the shape or the cost
I have released them in the night  but they only stay for one and half day they all checked out or became birds food. Out in the woods
It's rare I give a 1-star review but in this case I have 4 pounds of useless rat poison.  I'm sure if that rats eat this stuff they will die but here in California at least the rats are too smart for this stuff.  I put it in one of their travel paths and they POOPED on this indicating they just walked right over it.  ZERO bite marks on the bait.  Since I have 4 pounds of it I'm thinking of adding peanut butter to it but I really shouldn't have to do that.  I bought some pellet packs at home depot (about $1 each, really cheap) and the rats LOVE those.I also find it interesting that many of the 5-star reviews for this product are either from reviewers who have ONLY reviewed this product or else gave a bunch of other 5 star reviews the same day as they reviewed this product then haven't reviewed anything else since.  Hmmm..Sorry, can't recommend. California rats not interested, next....
I got this to use when I do my annual siding and driveway power washing because it says it cleans vinyl/aluminum siding, gutters, roofs, stucco, and brick and also contains Sporex to clean off mold and mildew. I have green mildew on some of my vinyl siding and was excited to give this a try to hopefully avoid using a scrubbing brush and make it easier to clean. I used this exactly as directed and while I did like the low odor factor, it did nothing else that plain water and my power washer couldn't do alone.I used this on the mildew and it didn't even come off, even after letting it sit for a few minutes, so I had to use the scrub brush anyway. I also used this on my concrete driveway and sidewalks to try to get rid of some rust colored stains and it didn't make any difference, plus I still had to use a scrub brush to get stains off. Bottom line, save the $11.99 and just use plain water because the results will be the same! Might As Well Just Use Water...
We have to clean our vinyl  siding 2 x a year because we live near a busy street and because we have neighbors that like to have burn pits going in their yards during the summer. That all adds up to some greasy siding.I followed the directions and wasn't happy after the first wash - the grease was still thick in the little fake wood grainy bumps on the siding. I was hoping it was because I used the hose even though we do have really good water pressure. A week later I decided to try it using the pressure washer and while that took a little more off, I still wasn't real pleased with the results. What I have left I'm just going to use for things I can scrub in addition to spraying, like the lawn furniture etc. It does remove grease - it just needs you to scrub too so as a siding wash it was a fail for me. Didn't work on my siding
The cats in my neighborhood love this stuff. I just sprinkle it on the ground, they show up and lay beside it, roll in it, sniff it. Basically this is granulated catnip.Unfortunately I want to get rid of cats, not get more of them. I had hopes but....
Well, the squirrel ate more of the garage door after Dad put these around the area.  He said they smelled bad enough, but didn't work. :(  So, he put a phony woodpecker out there, and is waiting for the results of that, but said that the plastic bird worked quite well in the back of the house.  :) Didn't do anything for squirrels
It worked so well for about six months but unfortunately as many others have already reported there is a definite battery issue.  Black & Decker confirms there was a large batch of faulty batteries (LBXR36) that got released.  I purchased this from Amazon and they were the seller of this product.  However, even Amazon will no longer sell, warranty or even discuss this poor product.  I'm trying now (with little success so far) to get Black & Decker to honor the supposed 3 yr. warranty on this battery, but so far I've been treated with little more than an honorable ignorance.  If I don't hear from them soon this will sadly be my last Black & Decker product.  I would avoid this product folks. Battery died in less than 6 months as others are reporting
I received this yesterday.  While waiting for it to arrive, I read other reviews on it so was curious to find out what my own experience would be.  I wasted no time setting it.The device consists of a clear plastic tube nestled into a black plastic tray.  The first step on the instructions said to remove the clear tube from the black plastic tray and put bait in the bait tray.  I could not make head nor tail of their diagram to figure out exactly where I was supposed to put the bait, but took a guess and shoved a little peanut butter in.  Next I loaded the ring, which actually was much easier than I had anticipated based on reviews.  The next step said to hold the lever with my thumb while inserting it back into the black plastic tray.  The problem is it is not that easy to get it back in.  I had had some difficulty getting it out in the first place and now I couldn't figure out how to get it back in.  While trying, my thumb released the trigger and the ring flew off.  Now my hands were slightly greasy from the peanut butter and getting the ring back on was next to impossible.  I tried drying everything off with a towel and eventually with the help of the towel, was able to thread the ring back on.  In the middle of all this, I realized I had guessed wrong about where to put the bait.  So now I had to clear the peanut butter out of where I had put it, and move it to the new location (again - a better diagram, or marking ON the plastic where to put the bait, would be enormously helpful).  I again tried to set the clear plastic tube into the tray while holding the trigger with my thumb.  I almost had it in when it triggered again, planting the ring on my index finger.  On the plus side, there was no discomfort.  On the minus side, I had to reset the ring a third time.  Finally on the third try, I got the ring to stay on AND got the clear tube set into the black tray.  FINALLY (20 minutes and a lot of frustration after starting) the thing was set and ready to catch mice.I've had a mouse problem in my chicken coop, and the trail of mouse poop indicates where they spend a lot of time.  So I set the trap up against a wall, on the floor, in the middle of one of their paths.  I was mildly disappointed when locking up the chickens for the night last night to find that it had not yet killed a mouse.  But I figured they are probably more active by night than by day so by morning it would have done the job.  Not so - by this morning the thing is still sitting there triggered and ready to go - no dead mice anywhere.So needless to say, my experience with this mouse trap has not been one that would allow me to recommend it.  While working on it, another thought occurred to me which is that it can only kill one at a time before needing to be reset.  Prior to ordering this, I had been looking at a Victor trap that can hold up to 30.  A friend (who also needed a trap for her chicken coop) ordered the Victor trap and reported catching 16 the first night, 13 the second and 15 the third.  And she doesn't have to reorder any parts to get it to keep catching mice.  When I compare that to the single mouse this trap could kill IF it did it at all.....the choice is easy.Off to order the Victor trap.....Update:  After sitting in the chicken coop for 8 days, the trap finally killed a mouse.  As a matter of interest, I tried removing the ring from the dead mouse and although it is tight and therefore not easy, it is doable.  I was able to reuse the ring to reset the trap, and feed the mouse to the chickens.  The next morning there was another dead mouse, and I was able to repeat.  It seems that now they are used to the trap sitting there, it is starting to be effective.  I also thought others might be interested to know it *is* possible to reuse the rings, with a little bit of work. Too limited to be of much use
Number one, I don't like how in humane this is. Since the mouse ran across the entire room, 14 feet, after it got the ring on it's neck it was obvious it did not die instantly and then I still had to pick it up to throw away so nasty that way too. The whole thing is also too expensive if you have a lot of mice. I still say the old wood trap is just as good and cheaper than anything else out there and you can reuse it over and over. I just pick the end of the trap up with that so I don't need to touch the dead mouse to open it and drop it in the garbage. Much more sanitary. Also, I had a hard time getting this crazy thing put together with the ring on after the one that came already installed was used. Anyone with big hands and fingers,or weak hands and fingers, will find it almost impossible to get it set again. Just go buy the old wood traps, they never let you down and are cheap and seem to never wear out. I have one that is about 30 years old and works as well now as the day I bought it and.... I never need to buy anything extra to make it work. They may try to make it look like it is hard to use but that's just negative advertising. Like anything else, once you've set it a few times it's a breeze. Nooski 300000798 Mouse Trap With 10 Rings
I've had this outside in a highly travelled mouse highway for about a month and a half already, and we haven't caught one mouse with it.  Meanwhile, one standard trap 2 feet away and another standard trap 2 feet away in the other direction have both given me kills, repeatedly. Haven't caught a thing
I live on a farm in the middle of fields.  During winter, mice invade our barn and basement looking for food and warmth.  So I know a thing or two about mouse traps.  I buy a lot of them.  In fact, I buy them by the case.  I was interested in trying a new one.Being new is the only thing the Nooski mouse trap has going for it.  It's miserable to set, not terribly effective, and when it works it's inhumane.  First you have to set the trap.  This involves rolling a very tight rubber ring around the trap.  That's a pain and I ended up needing my son's help.  We tried tripping the trap and it tripped one time out of three attempts.  We placed the trap in a high mouse traffic zone.  It was located by plain old sticky boards.  The first two nights all the sticky boards had a mouse but not the nooski.  The third night, the nooski caught a mouse.  Kind of.  It actually ended up not around his neck but kind of around his head.  He made it a good distance.  We only found him because of the bright green ring.  I really hate mice and I will kill them to keep them out of my grain, chicken coops, and especially house.  But there is no way I can justify doing that to an animal.  I'll stick with using One Bite and sticky boards. I am not sure if it could be more complicated
As you probably are aware by now, the idea of this mousetrap is to snap a rubber band around the neck of the mouse, to strangle it or perhaps break its neck. Either way, you end up with a mouse on the floor with a thick rubber band around its neck. And if you have a dog or a cat, they're more than likely going to eat the mouse AND the rubber band. This is not something I want to risk.Another bad idea for us (good for the company) is that you would have to keep buying more rubber bands to keep using the trap. It's not like so many other traps that are simply reusable.Sorry, not only can't I recommend it, I recommend against it. Do NOT use this trap if you have pets!
It took forever to set this trap, to get the little rubber ring onto the trap was certainly a trick.  I couldn't do it I had to find someone with more agile fingers than I have. I checked it a few days later and the rubber ring was gone and no mouse in sight. I set the trap again, a few days later the same, rubber ring is gone but no mouse. These little rubber rings are expensive and you have to man handle the trap to get them on it anyway. I assume the mice are dead but I really don't know because I never found a body. I'll jus go back to the snap spring trap, I know it works because there is a dead mouse to prove it. No ring and no mouse.
Nooski 300000798 Mouse Trap With 10 Rings. This mouse trap was easy to get out of the package and it took a little time to set it up. You have to make sure the ring is all the way on or it will snap off and you start again. It is a bit hard to push the ring on. The peanut butter was the easiest part to put on. Then we placed it in our motor home, the next morning the trap was sprung, the peanut butter was gone and so was the ring but we could not find a mouse anywhere. Then for the next three mornings the trap was sprung, the peanut butter was gone but the green ring was laying by the trap and no mouse. The fourth time the ring was gone and no mouse to be found. There were mice dropping inside the tube but no dead mice. Nooski 300000798 Mouse Trap With 10 Rings
I purchased 3 different timers from 3 different manufacturers.  This one was a tad bit more difficult to get lined up on the spigot correctly, but once in place, worked as advertised.UPDATE--We had a hard sudden freeze.  The other 2 timers came through fine. In fact, they stayed on the spigots all winter. This one cracked and spewed 100+ gallons of water before it was caught.  Would not purchase if there is any chance of a hard freeze before you can remove the unit. I live in the Sacramento Valley, so my idea of a hard freeze is about 28 degrees. Works Great--SHORT LIFE
Orbit screwed up simple technology by adding a &#34;trigger&#34; to reset.  It is not intuitive for me.  Sometimes, after resetting to Off, I found that it began to run.  Not good.  I threw these away. Orbit needs to reset its reset
We've had this mouse trap in a problem mouse area at our front entryway for several weeks now. We know there are mice because because we see droppings--lots of them. So I knew the optimal location to place this mouse trap. Our hope was that we'd catch the little pests and then be able to safely and humanely release them in an empty field far from home.We followed the directions to a T. Setting the trap isn't difficult, though the directions call for precision when winding up the mechanism that is supposed to usher mice in. Unfortunately, we have quite a bit of evidence that mice have been around the trap. There are droppings around it and even on it. But nary a mouse has been caught. This is supposed to be a bait free trap, and we followed directions and didn't use any bait. As the mouse problem is in a location that doesn't actually have a food source, we don't want to add one. Likewise, we don't want to exacerbate our problem by attracting ants, so this baitless trap is completely ineffective at our house. Surrounded by droppings, but not a single mouse caught
 Frustrating and mostly ineffective
This has a tendency to stall.  Tried using it and after about 15 minutes or so, it stopped.  Had to wait about 30 minutes before it would turn on again.  I don't like yard work, so this just prolonged the agony.  I've used the Green Machine trimmer and had better, consistent results. Save your money
I had high hopes for this trap. We have a ton of moles here and it was easy to find a mole tunnel to set up the trap according to the directions.  Twice the trap was tripped, and no dead mole.  After that, the trap is not even being tripped, I have tried everything with this trap to make it kill these pest moles, but with no luck.  In my book this is an easy to set trap that does nothing to rid your place of mole infestation.  Not a single dead mole to show for the trouble. Not recommended. Easy to set and doesn't catch a single mole
Moles invading our lawn are a bane of ours every year so my husband is constantly seeking out ways to eliminate them. This is not one of them. It takes so much pressure to spring the trap that the mole would almost have to jump into it for it to work. Worthless
I am a male of average size (5'10" tall) with normal-sized hand (size Large gloves). The pictures show someone with *much* smaller hands.[1] While these clips might be usable by such a person, they are all but unusable by me.The pictures show three different grips. The one I could get to work best was the one with the loop toward my wrists.[2] I could get the other two grips to work if my hands were dry. However, with a little moisture, the inherent slipperiness of the clip combined with its mismatch to the size and contours of my hand would cause it to slide around, even off the hand. This was for closing the clip.For opening it, I could get only the first grip to work, and then not every time. The problem is that the finger "grips" are too slippery and flexible to apply much pressure to the locking mechanism. The lock is designed to open by the sides shearing away from each other. Although it is possible to pop the lock open (sides moving directly away from each other), the finger loops at too flexible to generate the needed force and I couldn't grip the sides strongly enough. The only way I got it to pop was to push the main loop down over my finger until the finger over-filled the loop.The clips were extremely hard to open the first few times that I used them. I found that I needed to open and close them 3-4 times to have any chance of opening them using the finger grips. With more repetitions, it became easier. I would recommend against using these with actual plants without this "conditioning". I have *not* subjected the clips to weathering to know how that affects their operation.[3]My larger hand and finger size reduced the range of orientations of the clip relative to my hand. This repeatedly resulted in me having to contort my wrist and arm to try to get the clip properly oriented with the stake and the plant stem.[4] What I wanted from these clips was the ability to reach into difficult locations and to easily and sure-handedly clip a stem to a stake or other support. Instead of being allowed to contort my wrist and arm as needed, these clips forced me to put my hand into contorted positions even for the simplest applications. I practiced applying them using vines I was about to trim and that convinced me to not even try to use them with tender stems -- the sliding around on my fingers was too much. Finally, I have zero confidence that I would be able to open the snap without damaging a tender stem.----[1] "smaller hands": My thumb and finger fill and/or stretch the loops in the different grips. The pictures show fingers that don't come close to that.[2] The picture showing two hands: one closing and one opening the clips. On the package, this is the only one illustrated.[3] Note: I repeated this experiment on clip after clip in the package with the same result to ensure that I wasn't just testing a bad sample.[4] Notice in the picture with the Sunflower that the hand with the clip is vertical. This is not simply for photo composition, but reflects roughly the position of the hand needed for that grip.-- Douglas B. Moran Difficult/impossible for larger hands
Most of my lawn gear is gas powered. I have recently invested in both battery and electrical tools. Like all homeowners I'm always looking for something that does the job better. Though B&D; owns just about everybody including DeWalt, the brand has never been known as a serious player in lawn gear and power tools. I signed on to test several Black & Decker lawn tools. After four weeks use these are my thoughts on this product.This model comes with (1) 36 volt lithium ion battery, charger, blow tube, leaf bag, vacuum tube and a two year warranty. Let's face it. Black & Decker will never win any awards for providing outstanding instructions. Still, out of the box assembly takes seconds. Just snap the nozzle pieces together, lock it into the slot and you're in business. Fully assembled this unit measures 37" long from butt to nozzle tip. With the battery on board the total weight is easily a little over 5 lbs. Unlike my older blower I like the comfortable soft grip feature on this model.This unit operates off of a B&D; 36 volt lithium ion battery. The battery is outfitted with an onboard power indicator. The power switch is ideally mounted and simple to use. With a flick of the thumb you're in business. The multi level power switch is also sweet. Just keep in mind the higher the number the less juice users will have in the end. Fully charged I get almost an hour before a noticeable drop off in power. I do enjoy the low noise feature. Make no mistake, this model does suck down the juice. Unlike other B&D; lithium ion batteries, this battery takes about eight hours to charge. Even after eight hours charging, the battery's onboard indicator still shows that the battery is not fully charged. For me that's unacceptable.The blower feature works like a charm. Its not going to beat my gas powered one, but it does perform. It easily took care of my sidewalk, driveway and back patio will no real issues. It also does well clearing small water puddles on the walkway. Conversion to vacuum mode is just a matter of screwing off the intake cap and attaching the leaf bag. Changing out the vacuum tube took a little bit longer and required a rubber mallet to slide into place. Like most of the newer leaf vacuums, the bag is a too small. Its been all miss when it comes to vacuuming leaves.For small properties this tool as a blower works well. The problems that I have encountered with the battery combined with the overall performance of the vacuum feature lowers the rating of this product. Even with a second battery the leaf vacuum isn't going to win me over. Still a second battery is a must if this tool is going to be the primary blower. Overall, I like the direction that Black & Decker is taking with their new lineup of garden tools. Obviously this one needs a little more fine tuning. Its definitely a work in progress. BLOWER = 3 STARS/LEAF VACUUM = 1 STAR
Our two basic wooden mousetraps that we have in our garage have caught over 100 mice with just peanut butter on them. I don't see any need for these, especially since they are deadly to humans and pets. Not worth the risk. We threw these out
I just got this feeder to replace an older one that was hard to fill without making a mess. One important point. Its NOT squirrel or raccoon proof as some are. I have this hanging on a tall pole and they can get on the feeder and empty it quickly even with a lube on pole. Ordered the Brome unit to replace this. You get what you pay for. Easy to fill but NOT Squirrel or Raccoon proof.
I was really excited about getting this trimmer with all the great reviews. Several problems for me. First I hated the fact that I had to hold down the saftey switch the entire time or it cuts off. My arms were very tired just from having to hold down that stupid saftey switch. Also battery didn't last very long even on a regular sized yard. The charger also kept saying battery too warm even when it wasn't warm. Also didn't find the auto feed helpful. Lastly, very weak power. I returned mine and went and bought a Craftsman 4 cycle gas weedwhacker with electric start(no mixing of oil and gas, electric start so no pulling, starts right up, awesome power, and has a simple no hazzle weed cord that only takes ten seconds to change out and so far have weed eated entire yard and haven't had to change the weed cord yet. Anyway, I don't usually recommend other products in my reviews but in this case I did because I don't think any other brand of gas weedeaters have this electric start and no oil mixing except for the Craftsman 4 cycle weedwhacker.Craftsman gas is alittle heavier but buy a $10 shoulder strap on you will be fine. My arms are less tired using the gas craftsman and took one fifth the amount of time and energy than we I used the toro electric. Didn't like it at all.
I was quite excited about it at first when this bird waterer first came out.  Unfortuatly, it doesn't work too well.  First, the device should come with an axilliary hook for hanging it.  If you have a rigid pole with a firm hook at its end, it would be much more convenient to hang this had it came with a  hook to go between the waterer and the pole.  That way you can hang it without turning it sideway to fit it onto the pole.  The device is not too attractive and looks just like what it is, an ugly plastic jug.  The dish on the bottom surrounding the water container is too narrow for birds to have enough of a ledge to land on and to stand up in order to start drinking.  The space is just too tight for anything but the smallest of birds.  Lastly, water does not run out of the jug nicely to fill the dish on the bottom unless aided by a little shaking which is an absurdly inconvenient thing to have to do.  This device has too many problems to work well. Many Problems
PLEASE NOTE ADDITION TO REVIEW BELOW.I *love* this hummingbird feeder!!! I have two others, both your standard cheap feeder that is so difficult to fill because of a small opening, and once filled, you have to flip it upside down and it notoriously drips across my deck, inviting ants to the sugar syrup. This Perky-Pet 24 ounce Glass feeder, however, fills from a VERY large top opening! It also has an "ant moat" on the top which you can fill with water so your feeder isn't crawling with sugar-seeking ants. What a great idea! Another plus is that this feeder holds a full 24 ounces of food, while the smaller cheaper units hold only 8 ounces. My birds will be so happy!Just an FYI. Do you know you can make your own hummingbird food for your feeder? You don't need to buy the expensive packets that include red food coloring, which the birds don't need. Simply boil 4 cups of water in a pan, add 1 cup of sugar, stir until sugar is dissolved, and boil gently for 2 more minutes. Let it cool and put in your feeder. My birds love this food and there is no reason to have to add any red coloring.I highly, highly recommend this Perky-Pet Hummingbird Feeder. Another FYI. When you take the feeder out of the box, you'll think it comes with no hook to hang it with, but look under the top lid and you'll find it.My hummingbirds are so happy!ADDED 08/10/13: I return to revise this review. After 2 weeks of using the hummingbird feeder, it started to leak around the base near the flower feeders. This base comes apart for cleaning, but there is no gasket of any kind to create a water tight seal. Once I took it apart to clean, it never sealed properly again. My husband even used an epoxy glue around the base in an effort to seal it, but that didn't work. I ended up having to throw the feeder away!!! So fair warning -- this feeder looks good, has great potential, but since it won't hold the liquid for more than 24 hours it's actually quite useless. Revising review. Not as good as I originally thought
This is a revision of a previously posted review. I had to bump my rating down to 1 star.We very occasionally get hummingbirds in our yard, and I do have a feeder, as well as "hummingbird-friendly" plants. Because people in the area have been seeing more of these winged jewels, and because the rufous hummingbird is said to be expanding its range into the Midwest, I am trying to do everything possible to lure these little beauties into our yard.Perky Pet makes bird feeders that are reliable (based on my previous Amazon Vine selections), so when this came up on the catalog, I requested it right away. (Also, our local bird authorities at Wild Bird store highly rate the brand on many levels.)It's an attractive item. The red should draw in the hummingbirds, and the feeding ports are soft rubber flowers that appear very accessible to the bird. There's an ant moat at the top of the feeder, a little trough that you fill with water to drown invading ants, and so keep the bird stations clear of insects. Assembly for filling, and cleaning, is simple.The feeder is fairly large. Because Chicago gets few hummingbirds compared to other parts of the country, a full feeder would last a year even if you have a steady stream of visitors. If you live in Texas and your garden is the center of hummingbird activity in your area, maybe that's practical. But a 24 oz feeder is a little too big. The temptation to fill it up and then wait until it's half empty means that stale nectar will just sit in the feeder, attracting nothing besides suicidal ants.Initially I thought there was no hanger included. Then another reviewer (see below) pointed out to me that the hanger is taped inside the lid...which I had not noticed, even though I had to remove the lid to fill the hanger. So I went out to check, and sure enough, there it was---but it's really inadequate. It's just a little S-hanger, like you get with your dog's rabies tag. So, we still had to make one. We used one of those fake caribiners.The other Perky Pet feeders we received did have hangers attached.We've had it up for a few months now, and have yet to see a hummingbird. That's okay, because I know they're in the area. I think they'll discover our yard next year when our various trumpet vines mature and we get a jump on the season.But they won't be coming for this particular feeder...we had to throw it out. The seam where the glass meets the base started leaking. We considered attempting a repair with epoxy, but I don't know if that would have introduced toxins into the materials. So we cut our losses and removed the feeder entirely. We still have another feeder out there, and we'll probably replace the Perky Pet with another feeder similar to the one that has remained intact. Ho-hum
 Safety switch failed within 2 hours
As we move away from rat bat poison feeding stations (to save wildlife that eats the dead rats and then dies because of the poison in them, and to prevent rats from dying in your walls and stinking to high heaven) this is an option I considered.  Well, let me tell you, this thing did catch a rat quickly but I frankly don't even want to type what I found the next day when I found the rat on this glue pad.  It was something out of a horror movie and I felt so bad that I inflicted that kind of suffering on any creature, even a rat (and I HATE HATE HATE RATS!!! HATE!!!).So, I'm switching back to snap traps, which kill the rats instantly (in most cases).  Sorry, I can't recommend these. No thank you, I prefer snap traps... don't want to deal with a rat squirming on this thing!
I would love to build one life-size and stick the inventor on one of these things.  Any animal, target species or not, will die a slow, cruel death, often breaking every bone in its body trying to free itself from this monstrous device.  When used outdoors owls have gotten trapped in those damn things when they tried to grab a perceived easy prey item.We are trying hard to get these horrible traps banned from markets, so please help spread the word.  You would not want your kids or pets to get stuck on these things, so why would any decent human being want to torture wildlife?  There are more humane methods to kill rats, this is absolutely, most definitely, the worst possible choice! PLEASE DO NOT BUY SUCH TORTURE PRODUCTS!!!!
I'd rather chase the varmints away than kill them, but this isn't the product that works, not for me anyway.  I guess that's why it's been discontinued. Sorry, this just doesn't do anything for me
There has been relatively significant traffic of moles under the soil in my yard. I have tried a wide variety of repellants, traps, and poisons for moles, but not all of them have worked, but this one did not work well. I spread them over the mounds where moles were most active, but still this product was ineffective in decreasing the mole activity. Does not work
This repellent doesn't seem to work at all. We'd recommend using spikes instead because this product did nothing to keep them out of our yard. Didn't work. I'd recommend you use spikes instead
I think the spike trap method works a lot better than this one. I don't like hurting moles though since they are good for the environment if not our lawns and gardens.  No positive effects noted. More humane, less effective
One side of my house is a favorite gathering place for burrowing animals. I hooked up this smelly gunk to a hose and every day I sprayed the entire area of the house where the holes are located until the container was empty. The result? More holes. It is easy to understand why the manufacturer discontinued this product. The only thing it provides is a stinky odor. The forecast is for thunderstorms which will take care of the odor. Win some, lose some. This one is a loser. Worthless
Did not work.  We have a groundhog that lives under our deck.  He is very active and comes in and out through a hole in a corner of the desk.  He has a back door hole another 100 feet away.  I followed the instructions and provided a heavy application, especially around (and in) the two holes.  12 hours later, the groundhog was happily going in and out of the same two holes.  I actually hooked this up to the hose while he was out sunning himself on the lawn.  I sprayed him directly.  He didn't seem to care and went back to chomping the grass in the same spot I sprayed.At the end of my application, there was still a bit of product left in the bottle.  So, I dumped it fully concentrated down the hole.  No effect whatsoever.The listing says it was discontinued.  I'm not sure sure why, specifically.  But this does not work on my groundhog. Did not work.
I had hopes for it, being the type of guy that would rather chase the critters away than kill them.  But after several tries, I had no success. Sorry, it doesn't have any effect for me
There has been relatively significant traffic of moles under the soil in my yard. I have tried a wide variety of repellants, traps, and poisons for moles, but not all of them have worked, but this one did not work well. I am not sure if the product was too diluted or it simply did not work. If this product is good, then why is it that the manufacturer discontinued this product? Did not work for me
This is over $200 and I'd say it's worth, maybe $49 to $79. Even then, I'd look for a better product in any price range. It was easy enough to put together, even for me, but when I put it on it's feet it was so not substantial. It reminds me of these super cheap bar stools we got once...no one ever sat in them because they just felt cheap and wobbly.When I read that I could not use this on my deck, I was even more disappointed. You have to drag it out into the yard to use it, where I already have a nice, sturdy, rock fire pit. In the grass it was a little less tippy, but all-in-all I'd pass on this one. I had one fire in it and kept the hose very close-by in case it just crashed to the ground. I am going to let it air out a bit and use it on my deck, filling it with flowers. Yeesh, this thing is so flimsy!
Over this winter I've been getting small field mice in my garage looking for a warm place to stay. I've been placing several plastic classic-type (trigger snaps a lid closed on mouse) traps that have worked very well. When I was offered this I was excited to try one that could collect multiple mice. I am very disappointed.It's unclear how this even works to trap the mice (I guess I'll find out if it ever works) as it sits on the floor and the underneath is hollow. I placed this in the same space as the plastic traps and the plastic traps are still collecting mice and this one sits unused.I'll update this if I ever catch a mouse with this. Until then I'll stick with the classic snap closed type of traps.UPDATE: after nearly a week in the garden shed where I know mice are active at times I still haven't caught anything. (Still) Doesn't Work
This grill is new for 2013 and it was very easy to assemble. All the parts were in the box and there wasn't any damage. I cooked chicken and steak on it the first night and it worked Okay. I bought a aftermarket grill 2 years ago and it leaked grease all over my deck plus it didn't cook evenly and had hot and cold spots so I went back to a Weber because we could afford it this year. My last Weber lasted 10 years and I can't imagine why this one wouldn't do the same. The Stainless is heavy duty and I like that the propane tank is hidden behind the door and out of site. The small foot print is a plus but not the reason I bought the grill it's simply because there are only two of use now and serves our purpose. Update 5/18/13 I have cooked several times and the grill is not heating very well. The cross over tube flame is red not blue and cooking times have decreased. I called Weber and there going to send a new burner and we will see if it solved the problem. I will update when I replace the parts. Update 5/26/2013 I have installed the new burner tubes and had a party this weekend and it took over one hour to cook thin burgers. This is the worst grill I have ever owned. Weber is sending a rep to see if it can be fixed but at this point I just want them to do the right thing and take it back before the summer is over. Update 5/28/2013 Lowe's has a 90 day return policy so I took it back and ordered a Genesis S-310 three burner with 38,000 BTU. I have to wait two weeks for the order so I hope it's worth it. Weber S-210 Worst Grill I Ever Owned
This is my second Weber purchase (Genesis was the first).  Based on the Consumer Reports review I purchased this blindly.  It is a low end version of the Genesis.  The major bummer was that it came with dents in just about every part of the grill.  It was especially bad in the hood where it was very visible.  I wished I had purchased it locally so that I could return it.  After the grill was out of the box and spread out on my deck the "genie was out of the bottle" and I put it together.Lastly, it is smaller than most three burner grills.  With a family of 5 and the need to grill pizza, it has a small surface size that we could have worked with but not the size I expected.It was very easy to put together if you are worried about that.  It took about 2 hours.My last review, I gave my Genesis 5 stars... Would definitely not buy Spirit again. It had many dents and is flimsy...
I like the way new Weber kettle grills cook. Unfortunately, the long term durability is poor. The grates are cheap, the porcelin finish on both my grills was flawed and cracked, and corrosion and rust take this grill to the curbside prematurely.. For the money, you are better off to buy a $50 Charbroil grill. I live on the coast and my Webers rusted straight away. I bought a Stok grill for less than the cost of the TOL Weber and so far, no rust or corrosion.....plus I have cast Iron grates instead of the caot hanger style grates that come with the Weber. The Stok also comes with other handy accessories like a charcoal starter that lets you avoid charcoal lighter fluid entirely.Follow up: My Weber grills took a beating due to inadequate packaging systems. This likely contributed to damage of the handle attachment points and the corrosion that was able to exploit the damaged areas. The marine environment I live in can be harsh on any metal that is not protected. Poor value, Poor Corrosion Resistance
Deer have eaten my wife's favorite plants. Squirrels are one of the slyest creatures on earth and keeping them away from the bird food is quite a challenge. A beautiful red fox visits on occassion but I am not sure for what purpose. Anyway, when presented with the opportunity to get this alleged pest deterrent it was an offer I coud not refuse. My wife would be happy, my dog would bark less and life would be better.Read the manual and went out to the front yard to give this a go. Could not get it to work. Water leaked out of various parts of the unit but none out of the sprinkler part where it is intended to spray. There are more knobs, dials and wheels to turn then would be in the cockpit of a 747 airplane. I tried turnng them all but to no avail as far as water out of the sprinkler part. The base part that is inserted into the ground is made of metal and is easily set in the ground. That is the only part that worked for me. This takes 4 AA batteries and there appears to be a light in the portion that holds the battery pack. I could not make it light up. This has been a total failure in every respect including yours truly.There is a sheet that is 11" x 17" that contains usage instructions. I read it from end to end at least 4 or 5 more times but could get nothing to work. I noticed that there are three other reviews and they are all satisfied with this product and it apparently works for them. That leads me to conclude that either I have a defective unit or I am missing the big picture. In either case, I am through with this gadget and into recycle it goes. I have changed my attitude as a result of this hassle. Pests, especially squirrels, deer and fox are now welcomed to my yard and can stay as long as they wish to do so. Junk
I have tried them all and this design just doesn't cut the mustard. I have recently moved to grill stones that work a lots better.  This brush is built better than others I've tried but they just don't do a great job. I hate wire brushes
This stuff does not work at all.  It did not deter squirrels, raccoons, gophers, or groundhogs--not one iota.  The bottle spray mechanism does not work well either--when used the product gets all over your hands and, while the smell is not awful, it is not at all pleasant either.  Don't waste your money. Does not work
I followed the directions, connecting this to a hose, turning the water on, and so on. I eased the white cap from the closed position to the open position, sprayed one side of my garden shed, then moved it back to closed while i walked around to the other side of the shed. As i slid the white cap back to open, water started spraying everywhere - all over the ground and all over me. I tried to turn it back to the closed position, but the white cap blew off instead.I'll probably never know if this works, since i wasn't able to apply it according to the directions except in one small area.And unless you like having stinky rodent repellant all over you, i suggest you not use this product in this style of container. Cap blew off during first use
I have a wonderful cat who has a single flaw.  She loves to dig in my indoor potted plants & loves to remove flowers from my flower arrangements.I thought Ortho Ready to Use Dog & Cat B-Gon would be my answer.  It was not. It didn't faze my little furball.  No matter how heavy I sprayed the Ortho, furball failed to realize the (supposed) odor was to deter her mission of destroying my plants/flowers.The Ortho doesn't work. At least it doesn't work on my domestic shorthair (no specific breed). Ugh. Back to mothbolls. Does Not Deter My Cat At All. Not Even For a Split Second.
I had high hopes for this dog and cat repellent as a deterrent to keep my two Australian shepherds, especially the younger female, from digging out from under the chain link fence that encloses them in the back yard and to protect rose bushes and crepe myrtle plants from their ravages.I sprayed it liberally around the plants and around the perimeter of the yard, but the dogs never seemed to notice it.This may work fine for some dogs and cats, but it was a failure with mine. No effect on my dogs
This spray smells like geranium flower. It doesn't stop animals to wonder in my yard. I constantly see squirrels and rabits which I like, but don't like neighbours' dog and other random walking dogs peeing and pooping in this 1 spot in a front loan.So I sprayed like a half bottle in my front loan, especially &#34;the spot&#34;. Took my dog for a walk and first thing he did- run over there and pee. Later that day- neighbour's dog in my yard.This product is useless. Joke.
This Rumford Gardener Expanding Hose weighs merely one pound and folds to a small 8 x 12 inch bundle when dry - all 75 feet of it.  These are probably the most attractive features of this hose.  However, there is an exceptionally large number of complaints regarding its very short product life - that it either leaked or exploded after a few uses.  I have the suspicion that high water pressure at the users' locations might be the culprit.To monitor the water pressure at my residence while I was using the hose, I installed a Y-connector at the hose bibb and screwed on a water pressure gauge on one branch and this hose on the other. Then I screwed on a spray nozzle at the male end of the hose. The water pressure at my location was remarkably consistent at 70 psi (pounds per square inch) day after day. I used this hose with the full water on for 1 to 1-1/2 hours every day. Its performance is comparable to my heavy-duty 5/8" hose. In addition, it is light and easy to maneuver.  The hose expanded to its full length when I turned on the water and retracted to a small bundle when the water was turned off and the hose drained.It had almost been a week and the hose did NOT leak or explode.  Based on my experience, I award this hose five stars, subject to change as I continue to monitor the performance of this hose. Moderate water pressure, say at 70 psi, may be the best assurance of a long product life.  A user with very high water pressure may consider installing a pressure-reducing valve at the hose bibb.  It is also a good practice to drain the hose and keep it out of the sun when not in use.  I did that for all my hoses.  Curiously, I had not been able to ascertain the maximum pressure limit of this hose.  There wasn't any instruction with the hose.  I googled the Web and drew a blank.Update on 11/1/13: After 3 months of very light use, the hose broke at multiple places.  A product life of three months on very light uses is far too short.  I am down-grading this hose from 5 to 1-Star.  Don't waste your money. Broke in multiple places in three months on very light use
At first it looks like a good idea. In practice it ain't so great. Cheap plastic fittings on the ends that leaked from the first time I tried to use it. It's pointless to try to use for watering your yard since it is only at its full length when it has pressure in it. So the only thing its good for is watering while holding it or for washing your car. And that's only for as long as the fittings hold up, which isn't very long. It's definitely not worth the $49.95 they are charging for it. After using it I wouldn't pay $2.00 for one. Not worth bringing home.
I was so excited to receive this product! I hate having to tug a hose around the yard. I got it hooked up and turned it on, it does expand, but there is no water pressure, I am so disappointed. The Rumford Gardener 50' Expanding Hose
After seeing similar hoses on TV, I was excited to try this out.  It arrived in a box weighing little so I thought that was a plus.  Hooked it up and tested it out and worked okay.  The nozzle fittings are pretty flimsy/cheap and I didn't expect it to hold up long.  My expectations were sadly met.  The third time I used the hose it sprang a leak.  Need I say more?  Good idea but not well executed.  Cannot recommend. One star for the short time it worked....
Despite the bad reviews, I had hoped deep down inside this would be a winner.  Having been on the fence for a while to try this product, I jumped at the chance to test it.  First off, it's extremely light; a huge plus if you happen to currently own & use a Craftsman Rubber Garden Hose OR similar.  This one was to replace a 25' hose that just didn't reach far enough, and a 50' would be too much to coil up in the desired area.  I first tested this out in my neighbors garden, whose garden I watered while they were away, and their hose was just to short.  The initial test went pretty good; I had plenty of hose to go around where I needed to go.  It didn't have the umph of a good water stream, but was good enough to get the job done.  The only problem was when I went to disconnect the hose, I saw that it was leaking at the fitting, something that it hadn't done on the initial connection or right after I used it.  It could be the cheap plastic connectors.  For the record, their water pressure isn't that good.I moved it over to my yard.  I have a higher water pressure.  It was an absolute joy to use for 2 weeks, no leakage, perfect length, soooooooo easy to move around the yard.  It made watering the garden not so hard.  I made sure to switch the water off after every use and drain the hose of any and all leftover water.  While out watering one day, just as I was about to recommend this to my neighbor that had been considering buying one, a hole blew in the center of the hose, and sadly it's off to the landfill.I would gladly pay good money for a product like this if it were well made & durable, and unfortunately, this one didn't cut it. Great idea with poor execution
most of the positive reviews are from when people first got this. If they just waited a month or so and the reviwed it there would be little 4 or 5 star reviews. Got one for my mom, I warned her they are junk but my sister had one who swore by it. Well not my sister swears at it. After about a month they start leaking all over the place, mainly at the connector. Cheap plastic. Returned it to the store and there were two other people in line returning theirs and the clerk pointed toward the back as the stack of all of the returned hoses. junk all the way. crap
Considering that the majority of reviewers hate this product, I figured it might not last long when I put a nozzle on it and screwed it onto my driveway spigot to give my motorcycle a wash.It did that creepy snakelike expansion thing when I turned the water on and, as expected, was long and light handling as I walked around the bike wetting it down.I gave the bike a good soaping and was almost done with that process when I heard a "pop" and saw the hose had blown out a seam about 10 feet back from the nozzle. It didn't even last long enough for me to rinse my bike.So I hooked up my cumbersome (but indestructible) old school heavy-duty Walmart hose and finished the job.The Rumford Gardener Expanding Hose went into the trash can.The Chinese must find the thought of thousands of us cursing their workmanship to be highly amusing.I am not amused. It didn't last 10 minutes
This brand name of this product is Garden Safe, and labeled as a rooting hormone to promote growth of plant clippings, so I grabbed it feeling confident that it is a safe product. However, after reading the inner label and the multitude of warnings, I am not confident about using the product at all. Gardening / &#8220;Garden Safe&#8221;/ must wear protective eye gear &#8211; these do not all belong in the same sentence.  I then did some internet research and the EPA labels the active ingredient in this product as a pesticide as well as growth hormone, and states when used in low doses the resulting toxicity risk is correspondingly low&#8230;.No thanks, I will stick to the old fashioned method of clipping, putting the clipping in water or soil as indicated for that plant species, and add a little organic fertilizer for nutrition. I know even organic fertilizers come with a warning against inhaling, and organic soils come with a warning label to wear gloves when handling, but I feel this rooting hormone product is a bit too toxic to justify the need to use it over traditional methods. And I certainly would not use it on food plantings! Not Safe Enough for Me
Garden Safe? I think not! This little canister has so many warnings on it - don't get on skin or clothing, don't get in eyes, don't breathe in or ingest. Ok, so are common sense, but the get on skin or clothing part makes me wonder, especially when the directions say &#34;Take off contaminated clothing. Rinse skin immediately with plenty of water for 15-20 minutes.&#34; There is also a warning that says if the person who had inhaled the hormone is not breathing call 9-1-1 or an ambulance and then  to start artificial respiration preferably by mouth if possible. WHAT?!!!  Then there's the hazard to humans and animal warning on the label as well as a water warning.This sounds like some SCARY stuff! Why would I want to use something so dangerous to the environment? Garden Safe sounds like something that would be friendly, but not in MY garden or around MY children and animals!! MANY WARNINGS on label!!
Since I was a child, mosquitoes have always liked me. If there is a mosquito around, it will beeline to me. Not only that, but I have a slight allergy that makes the bites burn for days. Epsom salt baths help control it and heal them, but I try to avoid mosquitoes whenever possible.I've had very good luck withCutter Dry Insect Repellent, 4-Ouncewhile outdoors, and I had hoped that the Cutter Mosquito Repellent Lantern would be just as effective. I set it up for a hamburger cookout on my patio with friends last weekend and am disappointed to report that it did not seem to inhibit the mosquitoes at all. I was eaten alive while the lantern sat just a few feet away from me on the patio.We found it so ineffectual that we thought perhaps it wasn't on, so we checked it to make sure and found it was certainly on. When it grew dark later, the light was visible - it was not so before dusk.I'll stick with Cutter's dry bug spray for now. I had high hopes for the lantern, but it just didn't help at all. Completely ineffectual
We waited until there were a lot of mosquitoes out to test this product. While it is easy to assemble, this is actually not a true repellent. The box even explains that this is suppose to mask you from the mosquito so it covers up your scent. If you're just using this lantern and nothing else, you will be disappointed.We were standing just 3 feet away from it (and it is suppose to cover up to 64 square feet) and made sure the wind was blowing it in our direction so that it's suppose to mask us. Within 10 minutes, my husband had 5 mosquito bites and I had 6. The mosquitoes swarmed around us regardless and could pick us out no problem, even when we were just sitting still and not moving.I was definitely disappointed with this as it did not work and no way would we put our baby outside with this since it does not work. The only upside is that it is pretty cute and blends in with the courtyard. Does not work. It is not a true repellent
QUICK SUMMARY:  Don't bother with this item.  It just doesn't work (I live in Florida).  Or, if it does work, it doesn't work well enough so you can enjoy the outdoors during the time of day when mosquitos are pesky.  Not recommended!BACKGROUND:  I live in Florida.  There are about 80 species of mosquitoes in Florida, about 30 of which cause problems for humans (search:  "University of Florida mosquitoes of Florida").  I selected this items because mosquitos right now (June) are very bad, especially during Florida's raining season, and most especially during dusk and dawn.  I have a pooled deck backyard, so I used this lantern twice:  once at dusk, once at dawn.  Both times the wind was non-existent, and both times I got chowed.  Get this:  I even placed this lantern on the deck, inches from between my feet, and STILL my feet and legs were getting chowed!  I watched one mosquito fly past my chest, down to my right leg, and onto my right foot, which was less than 12 inches from this lantern.  This "Backyard Bug Control" fails miserably in controlling mosquitos in one's backyard - at least the mosquito species that live where I live.  When I positioned the lantern on a patio table inches from where I was sitting, I still got chowed on my arms, feet and legs.WHAT I LIKED:- The unit came with a set of batteries and one scent cartridge- The fan was very quietWHAT I DISLIKED:- The scent cartridge was surprisingly and frustratingly hard to open up- The on/off switch requires using two hands to slide the switch to the on or off position- The LED lights appear to have no useful function other than to indicate that the fan is turned on.  They're too dim to create any kind of ambient light.WHAT I HATED:- Even with this lantern inches from my upper torso or from my feet, I got chowed by mosquitos; it just doesn't work, at least not where I live (Florida)CONCLUSION:  Buy this only if you like feeding nature...with your body. The mosquitos will love this - you won't
No instructions came with this bird feeder (I don&#8217;t know if that&#8217;s the norm), so I attempted to figure it out on my own. The top didn&#8217;t screw off like my other feeders, so I eventually removed the spring/wire thing that was holding the bottom in place, since that appeared to be the only other logical way to get seed into the feeder. I was able to pull the perch and hoods out of the way to pour the seed in, but I didn&#8217;t get very far. Once the level of the seed reached the feeder openings, bird seed was spilling out the sides. Then when I tried to put the bottom back, the spring/wire bent inward and lost its &#8220;spring&#8221; so it would not expand again to fill the slots that would cause it to hold the bottom in place. I gave up and transferred the seed to my other bird feeders. After this ordeal, I came to the product page to leave a review and saw that there was something that looked like instructions there. It's a diagram with a lot of numbers but no explanation as to what the numbers correspond to. So even if I hadn't just broken my feeder, I still wouldn't understand how to fill it.This may be squirrel-proof, because the perch hoods should keep the squirrels from being able to hang down and get into the feeder openings, and the perches are not wide enough for a squirrel to hang onto. Squirrels are pretty clever, though, so I can&#8217;t say for sure. And of course, I can&#8217;t test it, because my feeder is broken. Not impressed &#8211; couldn&#8217;t set it up
With a list price of $27.95 I would say do not waste your money on this Seed Bunker wild bird feeder by Perky-Pet.I came to acquire one through the Amazon Vine program in exchange for my honest review of it and my best advice to those of you who, like me, enjoy feeding the wild birds, get yourself a Brome Bird Care feeder instead.  Bromes are expensive and usually priced twice as much as a Perky-Pet but they are truly squirrel-proof bird feeders which are built to last and carry a two-year warranty.  Plus they will pay for themselves in what you save in seed that those hungry squirrels cannot access. I highly recommend theBrome 1015 Squirrel Buster Classicover this Perky-Pet 740.So, just what is so wrong with the Perky-Pet 740?1. It took the squirrels in my back yard exactly 5 minutes to figure out that the cover lid does not lock.  The lid does not snap or screw closed and easily enables the squirrels their better purchase on the feeder, allowing them to tilt the feeder and make the seed spill out through the feeding ports and onto the ground for easy feasting.2. While very attractive to the squirrels, birds have absolutely no interest in this feeder. I wonder if the perches might not be inviting to most birds.3. The transparent seed tube is made of the flimsiest of plastic. It screams "cheap-cheap".4. The plastic seed tube traps heat and moisture causing the seed to dampen and decay. This is a real problem in my Florida climate. The spoiled seed decreases bird traffic at the feeder and also spreads disease.  This is why Perky-Pet advises that you to thoroughly clean your bird feeder in soapy water every two weeks.What the Perky-Pet 740 Seed Bunker does have going for it and why I give it 2-stars rather than 1 is that it is not really a bad-looking feeder. It holds about 2 quarts of seed and the outer tube, perches, perch hood and lid are made of metal with what the manufacturer says is a "special powder" coating to protect the feeder in most weather. I do wonder if that "special powder" coating might be toxic especially because the feeder is made in China.Perky-Pet also claims that the outer metal tube provides maximum durability against squirrels.  It doesn't claim to be squirrel-proof and it definitely is not.If you really are interested in a beautiful, squirrel-proof bird feeder that attracts a great variety of wild birds, I once again recommend the Brome Squirrel Buster feeder that I mentioned above.  The Bromes truly do provide maximum durability against squirrels and are of superior quality.ADDENDUM of February 28, 2014I have down rated my evaluation of this bird feeder to 1 star.Today I had to remove this Perky-Pet bird feeder to the trash when the squirrels broke through the flimsy plastic seed tube. The squirrels had quickly learned to access the seed by easily clawing and biting through the plastic tube by way of the viewing windows.  Even though the birds never used the perches, the squirrels found the perches and the perch hoods a convenient way to hang onto the feeder while they worked their way through the plastic tube. Don't waste your money on this wild bird feeder
What can I say about the perky pet 740 Seed Bunker? It is poor on so many levels. Squirrels can get into it in a hurry because they are smart and because it is so poorly designed. The plastic used is very thin  so they can get thru it. It is hard to fill , holds very little and the birds don't even like it! It is totally worthless!! I hung it by my other feeder and I had one bird land on it.I don't know what it is, but I have several feeders and this one they bypass. I use the same birdseed in all of them. This will be heading to the trash, Not Good !!
As most other reviewers have already pointed out this Wild Bird feeder is not designed properly. Perky-Pet did plan on making a super strong squirrel proof bird feeder based on the tubular design but failed to execute it properly due to:1. The plastic see-through portion of the seed tube is very flimsy. Squirrels can easily push or chew thru' this portion of the bird feeder and once that happens you will have to throw this bird feeder away.2. Filling bird seed is impossible without spilling seeds everywhere. I did not see any manual or instruction how to fill the tube other than removing the spring loaded clamp and removing the bottom circular plate. The top housing does not come apart for easy filling. Big messy problem can happen if someone were to remove the bottom circular plate.3. It does not breathe easily and thereby moisture builds up inside and the seeds start to germinate inside loosing the smell and flavor thereby birds do not come that often.I am glad I did not have to pay for this poorly designed contraption. Having said, Perky Pet does make other good bird feeders that I liked and one of them beingPerky-Pet 325S Panorama Bird FeederThis one is a big hit with birds of all kinds in our backyard and is way cheaper to own compared to this model.Happy Bird watching! Very poor design!
This feeder came poorly packed, hence instead of arriving full assembled, it was in several pieces.  No directions were included, so I did the best I could in getting it together.  The bottom plate easily tipped, so that seeds do not stay in the feeder.  And I was unable to secure that plate.  The top does not snap or lock closed, so easily comes off.The metal is heavy duty, and so is the hanger, but I can't recommend this item. not a good feeder
Our back yard is overrun with squirrels. One way or another, the furry little beasts manage to steal bird feed from every feeder we have. I was skeptical about the functionality of this feeder but decided to give it a shot. Well, this thing didn't even make it out of the starting gate, it arrived badly broken, bent and shattered. The packaging was market "Fragile" and the box showed no signs of damage so this thing is either incredibly delicate or they just pitched it in the box and broke it before it left the factory. Ridiculous in any event!I am interested in seeing what those who were sent a functioning feeder have to say about it. My squirrels would likely tear the filmsy thing apart.Not Recommended. All together now: "What a Piece of Junk!"
I am a Droll Yankee bird feeder fan. I have had their feeders mauled by bears and with a little TLC, have come back for more. The Perky-Pet 5141-2 arrived today in a box that wasn't dented or damaged in any way. When I opened it, the feeder inside was in three pieces. The feeder was "packed" with three small air-filled cushions in a huge box so it rolled around freely and experienced every shock that is the normal part of shipping. I thought about just sending it back and not doing a review until it was replaced, but I decided that the best way to support fellow Amazon customers is to give a realistic impression of both the product and how likely it is to arrive in a hassle-free, undamaged manner.So, here are the facts: The feeder was packed without consideration for how it might be handled in transit. The cover over the feeder's ports was cracked - most probably from poor packing and / or poor quality construction. The barrel that holds the seed was glued poorly to the heavy metal, spring-loaded base - I counted only 2 spots where there seemed to be evidence of plastic cement, barely covering 30 to 40% of the contact surface. When I thought I could re-glue the pieces together, I discovered that the parts didn't seat together well enough to do that. (Actually the parts didn't seat together at all.)My wife, ever the optimist, said, "it makes me wonder how long this thing would have held up if it was getting banged around by a determined squirrel (are there any other kinds?). The kind of question I suppose you are asking yourself now...Bottom line - poor packaging, shoddy construction, broken on arrival.Not recommended. Poorly constructed and poorly packed and shipped - arrived broken
I put this near my other feeder, also a Perky Pet product, that has been attracting birds (and squirrels) forever.  Larger birds like Cardinals couldn't get decent footing on the smaller feeder so I looked forward to getting more birds and having to refill seed less often with this bigger one.  Instead, the birds mostly vanished.  Even the squirrels, which I had taken to bribing with critter feed to try to keep them off the original feeder, vanished.  My lone bunny rabbit, who also liked the critter food, vanished as well.  That's a real shame because my dogs could see him out the window and were absolutely fascinated by him.  (No, they live inside a fence and did not get out and eat the bunny.)  This wasn't a tapering off; the new feeder went up and the critters went away just like that.After a few days of scratching my head I read some of these other reviews about removing the plastic dome and did so.  I also tightened the tension on the perch in case birds found the springiness disconcerting.  A few birds returned and a very small number briefly tried this new feeder. but what used to be a daily show was gone.So I completely removed the new feeder a couple of days ago.  Birds and squirrels are ever so slowly starting to return to the old feeder and the squirrel bribes I spread on the ground around the area.  It doesn't make sense to blame the feeder, but that's the only variable in the equation.  I will try it out again once the wildlife comes back and update this. Very weird - it seems to chase birds and critters away
It's High Feeding Time in my acre garden, as the Goldfinch babies are all fledged and Mama & Papa are busy feeding their youngin's. Up to 30 pairs of goldfinches are feeding their broods and space at my 3 dedicated goldfinch feeders is crowded to the max. I was therefore quite happy and excited to receive this feeder through amazon Vine and give it a try.Two Words: EPIC.FAIL.Like the abysmal failure of a waterer that I tried and reviewed, The Perkey-Pet Waterer Cooler, you have to scratch your head and wonder if the manufacturer's of these products actually TRY THESE OUT ON WILD BIRDS!!!! I had my feeder up and filled with premium hulled sunflower seeds for three days and exactly TWO goldfinches visited the feeder as opposed to the 100+ that visit the other three feeders with the same seed product.Here are the multiple design flaws:1) As the other reviewer mentioned, for small birds such as finches and sparrow, they can't reach the ONE row of seed ports from the lower perch and because of the almost 45 degree angle slope downward of the perch circle, once they hop up to the upper portion of the perch, they have to twist their body sideways to reach the seed port. HOW utterly AWKWARD for the poor birdies!2) Since large birds have 0% chance of using this feeder and the weight mechanism is SO sensitive, I had to actually screw the weight to it's tighest setting so the birds that DID try, could actually hop up to the upper feeding ring; when they were on the lower ring, once they tried to get UP, the port closed. Tightening the locking mechanism so it doesn't move completely defeats the purpose of this feeder.3) Almost every bird that I encounter approaches feeders from UP ABOVE the feeder, as they fly into the surrounding trees and shubs, make sure the area is clear and free of predators, and then they hop from branch to branch to get to the feeder perches. As far as birds can tell, from the EXCESSIVELY LOW POSITIONED CLEAR DOME of this feeder, they have NO ANGLE OF APPROACH from above...the dome masks the one ring of feeder ports. The two Goldfinches that I mentioned that actually used this feeder got pushed off of the nearest Droll Yankee feeder that is 3' from this one, and landed accidently onto the now locked feeder circle. They did stay there and eat, but did NOT return when given a chance.4) WASTE! WASTE! WASTE!!! My birdseed for goldfinches costs me $32.00/bag for 25#'s of premium hulled sunflower seeds! There is absolutely NO LIP whatsoever or seed catching tray on this device so when a bird pulls a seed out to eat, more seeds naturally follow suite. Now, this is normally NOT a problem with any other feeder as there is usually a slight edge to prevent seeds from falling/being pulled or there is a catch seed basin for pulled seeds to collect into, and the birds actually eat from that. Not with THIS device! No seed tray, no lip, so at the end of three days, I had over 3 cups of premium seed laying on the woodland floor, which made the raccoons and possums quite happy!!!Honestly, there are SO many design flaws with this feeder, that I'd go back to R & D and fire the whole lot of them! They need to have an adjustable dome or one that is higher so it doesn't obstruct flight to the perches; you need to have a lip to prevent seeds from tumbling out; and you need to have the perches at a less acute angle to the feeder so birds can actually maneuver their body to get the seeds.For the cost of this feeder, you'd be better off going to Walmart and buying a $10 buck tube feeder with normal 2" perches so you can feed the birds you love. Back To The Drawing Board on THIS one!
There is no way to attach the body to the base.  No screwing threads, no clamps, nothing.  It is completely useless, as it cannot be put together.  Save your money! Worse Than Junk
I was so excited to receive this hummingbird feeder. It holds a generous amount of water, the bottle is so attractive, and it easily comes apart for cleaning. However, the birds do not drink from it, at all. After a week of no interest from the birds, we put the nectar from this bottle into another one of our feeders that the hummers drink from all the time, and they wouldn't drink it from that bottle either. I have to agree with other reviewers that there is something about the galvanized bottom of this feeder that repels the hummingbirds. Very sadly, we threw out this feeder. It's no good at all. sooo disappointing
I've had this hummingbird feeder in my backyard for a few weeks now and have not seen any hummingbirds - though I have seen them at another feeder 2 miles away. I notice that there is no red coloring to the feeder whatsoever and have to wonder if that may be partly to blame for the lack of interest. I intend to continue to keep it clean, replace the food regularly, and keep an overall eye on it for weeks to come. If there is no interest after that I may abandon it in favor of another feeder with red on it. I'll update this review if there is any change. More time is needed to see how this will perform long term.I also am unsure about the size of the feeder. I don't fill it all the way up with food because it would be a waste. Previous feeders I've had are much smaller and lighter weight. I've had to put this feeder on a heavy iron post in order to hold it. A small branch will not do. Perky-Pet Hummingbird Feeder
I wish I had read other users' reviews before hanging this.  On pure looks, this feeder is a winner.  It holds a lot and is easy to fill.  But after never seeing a hummingbird on it, I went to post my review and I now see other reviewers with multiple feeders say their birds avoid this one.  It would be bad enough if the birds just didn't like it, but if there's any chance the metal is harmful to the birds, I have to take it down right now. Cute, but I won't be using it
It's the height of hummingbird season here in Michigan, and I have at least ten feeders out to accommodate a feeding frenzy.  The hummers use every single feeder....except this one.  What do they know that I don't?  It's obvious these birds have feeder and location preferences, but no matter where I position the Perky-Pet mason jar feeder, it gets no action.  If you want to attract hummingbirds, look elsewhere.The brands the hummers like and use the most here areBest-1  8oz. Hummingbird Feeder,Aspects 153 Mini Hummzinger Hummingbird Feeder, 8-Ounceand First Nature 3051 16-ounce Hummingbird Feeder. Pretty Isn't Always Functional
This is really beautiful but . . . the hummingbirds are still going for my hour-glass-shaped, red plastic feeder with the bright yellow feeding stations. Exclusively. It's been about 2 weeks now, and they don't seem to recognize this as a feeder at all.I also wonder if the metal base could potentially burn them if left in the sun---but that is just guessing. Ideally, you don't want the feeder in the sun anyway.If things change and they suddenly flock to it, I'll update the post, but sadly I can't recommended it right now. If you do buy one, make sure you have a very sturdy cord to hang it (it does not come with one), because it's heavy and the last thing you'll need during barefoot summertime is broken glass on your deck.  Happy humming! Gorgeous work of art but hummers aren't going for it
As a veterinarian, I would advise against purchasing this product.  The metal pan base appears to be galvanized, which means it is coated with a layer of zinc to prevent rusting.  If so, that zinc will leach into the water and is toxic to birds.  I returned mine for this reason. Feeders containing copper should also be avoided, since copper toxicity is also problem for birds.  Also avoid hummingbird food containing red dye, which is associated with birth defects.  (Instead just use a 1:4 mixture of sugar to unsoftened water; which is the same thing, without the harmful dye).  Since you probably don't intend to harm the birds you are trying to help, I would advise choosing different products.  If you have already purchased these products, I would advise returning them or just throwing them away.  You won't see the dead hummingbirds, new ones will keep coming to the feeder, but you may be killing them off without realizing it. Even if they put a clear coating over the metal, it wouldn't last long enough to prevent the hazard.  It's just a bad material for what would appear to otherwise be a nice feeder. Metal base toxic to hummingbirds
This is an overpriced piece of junk. It doesn't work. It never fully charged the Kindle Fire. I agree with others who have said a charger should be included with the Kindle Fire. Just not this one. It doesn't work. In fact, it may have ruined the 'authorized' cord I bought to use it with. Instead I now use a universal USB ($10) from Wal-Mart. doesn't merit a star
I have little red ants in my house,not grease ants as they don't go near anything greasy that I put out to try to get them and not sugar ants as they don't go to any sugar in the sugar bowl I have out but small red ants, like the ones you need to eat on your peonie flowers on the bushes in order for the blooms to open and I do have those bushes on the south side of my house near the foundation and I did spray there too. They seem to be coming in all over. I sprayed this by all the outside doorways and all around the windows and around the foundation, so basically every where they would be coming in from outside. I also sprayed under my sink in the kitchen and bathroom and down the basement around the entire perimeter. I still have ants....Nothing seems to be getting rid of them. Terro is a brand I have used since I was 19 in my own home, I'm 61 now, and it's always worked but not this time. Very disappointing. I did see almost no spiders after I sprayed but I had very, very few of those to begin with. I did also try the liquid Terro that you put on little pieces of cardboard and that didn't get rid of them either. I guess I'm stuck with them for the season.... TERRO T3400 Home Insect Killer
Update - as promised, I'm updating this review. Once again, it has died a pre-mature death with the exact same problem as the prior unit. Light's up to show the battery working/alive. Doesn't spray. Plain and simple, these don't see to last. Given the price, can no longer recommend an item with just over a year average life expectancy.Original Review...I hard the earlier version of this same sprayer and liked it immensely until it suddenly quit working. Given the cost and relatively brief time the unit worked, I was hesitant to purchase one (the prior had been via a Vine review). However, like many people, this seemed to be the most humane way to deal with raccoons that have been wrecking havoc in our  yard. The little buggers have figured out the traps and won't go near them, the dogs go crazy over the little coons and none of the plants are safe after both racoon and dogs go pouncing over them.This works beautifully for both the dogs and the racoons so everyone is happy. It looks almost exactly like the old one and works in the same manner except this one doesn't spray back/forward like the old one but rather in a burst fashion. Personally I prefer the older motion but either way this gets the job done. Simply fill with water, allow to charge in the sun, set the range and leave. It's that easy. Assuming the lifespan of this one is longer than the last, I give this a full 5 stars as an effective yet humane way to deal with critters, keeping dogs out and so forth. I will update if the unit fails too soon. Fast Death - AGAIN _ Updated Review - Some notable changes from prior look-alike model
REVIEW UPDATE: After barely over a month of use, the Havahart Spray Away Elite II has developed a leak. The last time it rained, the housing for the motion sensor filled with water, rendering the unit inoperable.Original review:The Havahart Spray Away Elite II is claimed to be an improvement over the previous version, but the only difference I can tell between the two is this version comes precharged, and is black instead of green. As far as function goes, I like the previous version better! Compared to the model this version replaced, this one sprays for a shorter time duration, does not have as powerful of a spray; this particular unit struggles to change directions and many times hangs in one spot and needs the wire direction bail to be manually shifted.Still, the sudden noise of operation is enough to startle most creatures, save for a few stubborn feral cats. The only potential drawback to using this over a garden area is that if it is tripped in the late evening or early night, is I'm worried that the water sprayed can contribute to undesirable fungal growths on plants that could be harmful. Havahart Spray Away Elite II
We have a hot tub, and even with all the chemicals we put in it to keep it from growing bacteria, it still has scum lines and black gunk floating around inside. So embarrassing. I don't want any guests to see it.A week after the first treatment with Orb-3 and my gunk filled hot tub is now nice and clear. Even the kids noticed.It was so easy. I just filled up a bucket of water from the hot tub, poured an ounce of Orb-3 in, and poured the bucket around the hot tub. Voila. It's easy and it works. I'm going to be using this product regularly from now on.___________________UPDATE 3/31/14: Over time, my spa began to develop a very strong chemical odor that got into the nostrils and made everyone choke and gag. I blamed it on my husband for not treating it properly. It got to the point where I did not want to go in. Finally, my husband suggested it might be the spa enzymes, since we did not have this problem until I started using it. I took a whiff of the bottle. Lo and behold, that was the culprit. I will not be using this any longer. UPDATE: Horrible Chemical Build Up Makes Spa Unusable
I used this in the hot tub and found that although it took care of the foam, it left behind a cloudy water and a musky odor. This is really disappointing as I used the other orb-3 products for the pond and the pool and was very happy with them. I guess they all can't be winners. wouldn't recommend it because of the smell it generates
Applied as directed this definitely got rid of unwanted foam in our spa. Unfortunately, it also left a nasty residue which we are now trying to get rid of without any improvement so far. Personally, I'd be happy to be just dealing with the foam.It looks like our next step will be to empty the spa unless we can find a product at the pool store to remedy this problem.I can't recommend this product. By the way, this is the first Orb-3 product that I have used that has given me a problem. Foam Gone But It Is What Has Appeared
This past holiday weekend we had a family gathering to get my brother&#8217;s pool up and running. One of the things we used was the Orb-3 Ready-to-Use Enzyme Spray Cleaner to spruce up the pool furniture. Now that is one Orb product worth taking a look at if you have a pool.I&#8217;m not a pool person and don&#8217;t own one, but my relatives are way into them. Everyone took a pretty close look at the ingredients label and feels it&#8217;s not necessary for a well-kept family pool. With everyone weighing in on the poorer qualities, we&#8217;re taking a pass. A rather unecessary product for most family pools ...
Even though it did reduce the foam, it made our water stinky, and left a slightly yellow ring around the spa. I do like Org-3 products, butI will not use this again. Gets rid of the foam at a cost.
This is easy to use. I was worried about figuring out the right amount but it was very simple.I had just used an enzyme to break down the oily ring and this put it right back in but worse. It was a thick yellow ring. It really makes the tub look dirty. Couple that with the smell ( smells almost dead) and I cant see any reason to use this ever. Yuck
We have an outdoor hot tub and very hard water, so with all we have to add to keep the ph level in a good range, we often seem to get sudsy foam. I normally use another product, but tried this one the last time we needed it, and I have to say, I don't care for it. Although it did get rid of the foam quickly, as another reviewer mentioned, we also go a yellow ring around the top of the water. With my normal product, I love the smell. Clean, fresh, not full of chemical smells. This Orb-3,. unfortunately, had a terrible smell to it and even after running the spa for 24 hours I could still smell that awful smell.Sorry, but I don't recommend this product. Not what I expected
I thought i would give it a try to eliminate the foam but in return i was left with a greasy feel to the water more unpleasant than the foam, I would suggest not using. Got rid of foam but now how to get rid of it?
I have a small soft tub hot tub.  Our water is very soft and it is basically just my husband and I who use the hot tub.This bottle says best when used within 6 months.  (I've had my current bottle of anti foam 4 months and I've not used 1/4 of it yet -- shelf life is not mentioned on my current brand).The smell in the bottle is not overly bad but I suspect based on other reviews that it reacts with different chemicals that are currently in the water.  My bottom line is stick with a single line of chemicals that are built to react to each other.This one seems to not react well with many other chemical systems. works well
Some products work and some don't.  This one definitely does more harm than  good, considering a quite unpleasant smell.  Sorry, but I certainly don't recommend this. Only if you enjoy a stinky smell in your pool
We have a hot tub/spa attached to our pool and occasionally, especially after recent chemical additions, it will foam when you engage the jets and blowers. We had hoped this would help with that issue. Big mistake. Huge.Upon first use it did quickly dispense the foam, but it also, not quite as quickly, made the water cloudy and with an odd odor. It had an almost oily texture that left a ring on our wall tile. GROSS! We ended up having to turn off the pool and pay someone to come out and drain the spa, because we didn't want this gross water polluting our entire pool. Disgusting and expensive.Our (unattached) water feature (fountain) also has some foaming issues, but, as this wasn't listed as animal safe and as birds often drink from the fountain we didn't want to try it there. After our disastrous pool experience we are very glad we didn't. Avoid At All Costs
Well ... I must admit ... the product quickly dissipated the foam in our pool ... but it left an oily residue which resulted in a "tub ring" on our liner.  We ended up having to clean the pool walls TWICE to eliminate the ring.  And ... WARNING ... this product has an AWFUL odor.  We decided the discard the remainder of the bottle.  I do NOT recommend this product. DISCARDING THE REMAINDER
I planted them in containers on my deck and watered them gently.  Next day it rained and we had pleasant, sunny weather for several days and nothing ever grew...I saw a spindly sprout appear in one of the four but it died and nothing has happened since so I'm assuming it's a loss.  I've NEVER had problems growing from seed before.  I checked it daily to make sure all was well and not dried out.And also the term "kit" is a bit misleading.  These are seeds in tiny starter pots that you plant somewhere, such as a container or in your garden.The kit is really very expensive.  It would be less expensive to buy the seed starter cups and then buy the seeds and you would also know what type of tomato, etc., that you are getting. Nothing grew
The Miracle-Gro 170025 Gro-ables Salad and Herb Garden Kit reminds me of a cross between those chemistry sets we used to have as kids in the '60s and those Kuerig coffee packs that are all the rage these days.The kit is sealed inside aluminum wrap and at first glance looks like something one might want to bake. It contains 18 seeded peat pots and a dozen different vegetables and herbs. There are extras of the herbs and lettuces to allow for staggered and companion plantings (still too much dill here for my tastes, though).The selling point is ease, convenience, and instructions. Put the Kuerig-like pods into a container, raised bed, or garden; space the plants as directed; water them; thin seedlings and transplant extras when possible; fend off the various critters that will come to enjoy your work; and let the sun and rain do the rest save for weeding and feeding.It's almost everything one needs for a garden, and it makes the planting process quite easy.The growing process, however, is another matter. I've heard and read the idea of putting a 50 cent plant in a five dollar hole more than a few times. If you have not prepped your soil with amendments for drainage, air, and nutrition, then you plants may lose their initial enthusiasm after sprouting and either be stunted or just die. Keeping them feed and pest free is vital, so learning about fertilizers and companion planting with other herbs and flowers should be the next step. Light and drainage and soil depth are also important.My point is just that aspiring gardeners may think the whole process is a bit simpler than the reality of getting from seeds to harvest. The presentation of this kit suggests a science experiment more than a horticultural exercise to me. So it is a great way to get started---but what's here needs to be augmented by trying things out and learning more about the whole process of growing vegetables and herbs.Meanwhile, I will be seeing how my plants do in the coming weeks and hoping the various bugs and chipmunks leave something for the table.  I learn something from every garden and am still trying to figure out what killed my tomato plants in my other raised bed that were poised to deliver my first-ever fruits by July 4th.Update: It is September, and as I look back, I have to say this garden kit failed to produce. Pretty much everthing we planted either died despite plenty of water and light or was consumed by squirrels and chipmunks who must have found the little peat cups full of seedlings to be tasteful appetizers. I think the term failure to thrive applies. Failure to thrive---worse than I originally thought
UPDATE (october 2013): got this kit in june. not a single seed sprouted all summer or fallOriginal review:=======right out of the box, i tried the cucumber, tomato, and sweet pepper. i'm going to try some of the other ones inside (as per instructions), so after 3 weeks not a single sprout on the first round.last year at the local farmers market, for $10 we bought a whole flat filled with a variety of 15 starts. i think 13 of the 15 were producing within a matter of week. that was a much better deal.additionally, the miracle-gro are not local seeds, so there's no way to know if they will acclimate to your particular climate zone. and this kit is incredibly expensive compared to just buying starts from a local supplier. if you can find organic non-gmo starts that are native to your local climate, then even better. nothing grew (3 weeks later, still nothing)
I had hopes that surely I'd have luck with these groables, but my general lack of luck growing stuff extends to this kit with zero results.  Very disappointed. I admit to not being a great gardener, but...
This device did not work very well. I followed the instructions to the dot and It never killed a thing. Rats and Mice were not fooled by this device. Did Not Work
The first two days we had the Rat Zapper, we caught two mice. After that, it seemed to stop working. We would reset it and re-bait it, the red light would go on, and there would be nothing in the zapper. This has gone on for two weeks. We put fresh batteries in it and it still isn't zapping the rodents. Too bad, I was excited about zapping lots of pests, but this just isn't doing the trick. We've abandoned it. Unreliable
I have had this set out for about two weeks.  It hasn't caught one rat or mouse!  However, the first night I had it out, something did try to eat the bait (dog food).  When I got up the next morning, I discovered the Rat Zapper turned upside down, with the battery cover dislodged and the batteries (and bait) strewn a couple feet from the trap.  Apparently, it has enough of a zap to royally tick off whatever critter wanted the bait, but not enough to kill it.I put the batteries back in and re-baited (and reset) the trap.  Two days later, the kill light was flashing, and I eagerly looked inside.  The trap was empty.  Not only was there no critter in the trap, but the bait was gone.I gave it one more try.  Put more dog food (and peanut butter smeared in a soda pop top -- you can't put wet bait directly on the bait tray), and then I reset the trap.  It has been almost two weeks, and except for the bait, it sits empty.  I guess the critters learned their lesson, and they've decided to leave the trap alone, but still infest my property.I can't recommend a trap that merely annoys its intended victim, but doesn't kill it. Worthless
I tried using this for three weeks and never caught a single anything. I re-set it and baited it every night and the bait was gone every morning and the red light was on but nothing in the trap. Still have rats in the ceiling going back to poison I guess. Wish this worked but it was useless. Didn't catch anything
I was very excited and happy when I saw the Rat Zapper Ultra offered on Amazon Vine. Living in Southwest Florida, we have always had problems with large river rats eating some of the wiring in our cars' engine compartments. I have used traps and poisons with varied success. Most rats seem to be smarter than the standard traps and the poisons disappear without leaving any evidence of their effectiveness.When the Zapper arrived, I put on surgical gloves before taking it out of the box. I learned a long time ago that human scent is easily detected by rats and mice and acts as a deterrent. The unit looked efficient and well-made. Once I put the required batteries in, the light came up green indicating a good charge. Then I put 10 pieces of dry dog food in it and set it up outside at a likely spot, covered to protect it from any rain.I went out to check it the next morning not really expecting anything to have happened yet.  However, the trap had been moved a few feet, was upside down, and all the bait had been removed. In other words, whatever got to the bait was not disuaded by the promised shock. In fact it must have reached in several times in order to get all the small pieces of bait. Or possibly the charge plate isn't working properly even though the light shows green.So I reset it. The next morning I had to search a twenty foot area to find the trap. This time the red light was flashing but nothing was inside. Once again all the bait was gone with no kill. Something, like a raccoon, must have long legs that allow it to reach the bait without touching the hot spot. Or it holds the trap up and shakes it. Or a feral cat is messing with it. So I reset it again, and again, and again with the same results every time.So then I looked closely at the instruction sheet. FOR INDOOR USE ONLY. Oooops. Knowing that the Rat Zapper seems to be working properly, even though set up outdoors, only two things can be happening. Either rats and mice are entering the trap and not getting schocked hard enough to kill them, or some other animal is adept at robbing the trap. I will set up some classic Victor traps to see if I can determine what is really happening. FOR INDOOR USE ONLY!!!!!!!!
This summer the bugs have been awful in my yard even with citronella candles and lanterns so I thought I'd give this a whirl. It runs on 2 C batteries (not included) and activates when you slide and hold the button. This product is junk! It doesn't kill large bugs like bees and wasps or really small ones like gnats and believe me I've tried. A wasp got stuck in the mesh but it didn't zap it! It flew away - defeats the purpose of the racket and the gnats just flew right through it, so basically the bug has to be a perfect size in order to kill it. Also, the bugs have to essentially fly into it in order to kill them; because of the bulk of this racket and how thick it is, you can't smash a bug on a flat surface. Waving the racket around to try to kill the bug gives it ample time to fly away and you look crazy in the yard swinging this thing with no results. The head of the racket is not flexible at all either. So to me, this is a waste of $13. You can buy a 99 cent fly swatter at Target that's much more effective than this. Regular Fly Swatter Works Better!
While my yard is not as big as many homes, it is still 7500 square feet.  I hate to sound lazy, but unreeling 100 feet of hose, weaving it amongst the flower beds, dragging it around to water the flowers on the far reaches of the property, and putting everything away again is not exactly fun.  By the time I drag the hose around, water the flowers, and try to reel it back into the hose reel, I tend to be wet and full of dirt from guiding the hose and the water flying about when I reel the very end into the hose reel.  I thought that an expandable hose like the Rumford Gardner Expanding Hose might make life a bit easier.The hose is quite easy to operate as I show in the video.  The "female" end of the hose is like any other hose.  The male end of the hose is the same as well, but it comes with a plastic shutoff valve to attach to the end.  To get the hose to expand, the shutoff valve must be closed and then the hose needs about 10 seconds to expand to its full length.When the hose is unexpanded, it measures in at right about 17 feet long.  Once allowed to expand and with the shutoff valve remaining in the off position, I measured the hose to be about 48 feet long including the connectors.  It might not be a full 50 feet, but I will call it close enough as the two feet might have been lost due to measuring error.While the hose does seem to work just like the DAP Xhose did on TV, it just is not the same as a regular hose.  Once you open the shutoff valve, the hose starts contracting again.  Another issue is that if you are trying to fill something like a bucket or a pool, the hose is so light it really does not stay in place and the end will start flailing wildly about.  On the plus side, I found the hose was much easier to drag around and put away when I was doing regular watering duties of the gardens.After using the hose for about 6 weeks, the hose is still operational  My main complaint is the cheap plastic fittings always seem to be coming loose, leaking, or spraying water everywhere.  Also, the screw holding the shutoff handle in place on the valve is already showing a significant amount of rust.  I am wondering how long it will take before it rusts through.Overall, I felt this was just an OK product.  If hauling 50 or 100 feet of standard rubber garden hose is something that is difficult to do, then this product very well might be something worth trying.  I did like the lightweight of the expandable hose.  However, to me the product seems to be cheaply made and while after 6 weeks I have not had the product fail, I do question how long the hose will last.Update #1:  The host did make it through the summer.  I drained the hose to the best of my ability and put it in my deck box for the winter.  I tried to use it a few days ago and found that the hose suffered a massive leak.  There does not appear to be any damage to the external wrap of the hose, so I am not sure what caused the leak.  Regardless, I am updating the title of the review and I recommend staying away from this product. Did Not Survive The Winter
I was really excited to try the water hose, since I've seen so much about this type on TV and in stores. When I got it in, I decided to go try it out. I had the water pressure on normal (as I always do) and within 10 minutes the hose had busted. So within an hour of receiving the hose, it was in the trash. I wouldn't go with this brand, for the price, it's just too risky! Don't buy this hose!
I have to change my initial review of this hose. I thought it was truly a great hose, but now I have changed my mind about the quality of the hose. I gave it 5 stars in my first review, but I can't do it now. I only used this hose about 4 times, and it finally broke from the hose attachment. I believe the manufacturer needs to make the attachments stronger with brass attachments. Rumford Gardener Expanding Hose
Updated: Bummed! At time of first review, I loved this hose, but it turns out it is a fail. After less than three months of use, the cloth completely detached from the coupling that attaches to the faucet. Not repairable. Useless.Previous Review Title: Makes My Daily Watering Easier And QuickerMother's Day is the beginning of the outdoor growing period in our area of the Rocky Mountains. Once winter's passed and there is little chance of snow, we begin transforming our barren, uninviting, expansive wood deck into a our own little summer oasis.From out of the basement, we move the barbeque, patio furniture, awnings, umbrellas, a gazebo, a fountain and a chimenea to make the deck an attractive outdoor living space. Dozens of planters and flower pots get arranged in groupings on the deck and in multiple hanging baskets.The job of planting and maintaining the annual flowers is happily all mine. Every morning I water and joyfully watch hundreds of blooms proliferate as summer heats up. Two heavy 25' traditional garden hoses are attached together to make one long hose. The length is necessary to zig zag my way back and forth across one thousand square feet of deck. The hose is heavy. Sometimes I have to stop and use both hands to swing it up, over and/or around the furniture, etc.About a month ago I received the Rumford Gardener Expanding Hose. I'm never going use my old traditional type again. The Rumford weighs about two thirds less. It takes me much less time maneuvering it about, plus it delivers better pressure than my old hose.My Rumford Hose has not ripped despite me dragging it up, down, across and around everything on our wooden deck. As I swirl it to collapse inside our hose pot it naturally drains and is protected from direct sunlight. From what I've read in other reviews, that might be the reason my Rumford Hose hasn't ripped. My hose pot isn't available here, but it is very similar to this Liberty Garden Products 1913 Hammered Bell Garden Hose Pot - Copper.The Rumford Gardener Expanding Hose has made my daily routine tons easier and given me more time to enjoy my hard work. I'd say I have more time to stop and smell the roses, but I don't grow them :) Updated Review: From 5 Stars To 1, Didn't Last Three Months
The first time I tried it, it worked exactly as the ad claims.  Turned off the water, it coiled up, and all was well.  The second time I used it, 2 days later, the hose sprung a geyser a couple of minutes after I turned off the water.  Oh well.  Never again. Broke second time I used it
I think we can all agree that this is a very cool concept.  This hose is very capable, very light, very portable - it's just about perfect in the whole concept department.  The only problem is that it has no lasting power.  The fittings are all in plastic and hardly durable.  The hose itself can't be left out in the sun - the sun will break it down.  Then it's not even durable because even when you are super careful with it, it can still develop leaks.  The outer covering is a strange, crunchy material that fades in the sun - none of it seems up to par for durability.  I think this is useful maybe for times when you need a portable hose - this has to be the most portable hose around...but you can't rely on it, so I'm not sure if the convenience of the portability is worth not knowing if it will last for you and when it will break for no reason at all.  I cannot recommend this item. Very cool concept, Very poor quality/execution
I've been using pruners for the last 30 or more years, on roses, bushes, trees and more. These ones do the job and are easy to use. Only a gardener knows the difference between "hacking" and "pruning," and good pruning is like creating a sculpture. These Fiskars hand pruners help me do just that, in green, living color! Thank you for the opportunity to review this excellent product.Update: WHOOPS! I used these shears for the second time, and the plastic gear inside broke. I am going to contact Fiskars about this problem, as all the shears I have had in the past had metal parts and lasted 20 years or more. I am quite disappointed that a product could be made so poorly with plastic parts (this certainly didn't show on the outside) and I would not want people to be misled by my previous 5 star rating.At the risk of not being "popular" with a now negative rating, I am changing my rating to reflect the truthfulness of my experience. One star. Useless if they break in two the second time out. Love these pruners - until they broke!
I loved the thought of this feeder when I first saw it.  I own quite a few Perky Pet Hummingbird feeders, so brand wise, it was a good choice for me.  But, it was all down hill from there.First off, so much BOSS falls through the bottom while filling.  Next, once the squirrels get a whiff, hang on it, do the hokey pokey and turn themselves around, the BOSS gets flung all over the place, to the hoard of squirrels waiting below.Finally, towards dusk, when the squirrels were tucking themselves into their nests, the cardinals came to investigate.  I was horrified to see a female get her claw stuck in it.  All her flapping around was stressful to us both.  I went over with the leather gloves and a towel, but by the time I got there, she probably broke her foot so that I wouldn't get her!  I took it down immediately.Should be starless! Great concept, poor construction
The Perky-Pet FLY THROUGH WILD BIRD FEEDER is an all-mesh feeder designed to allow birds to feed from any position - they can cling to the sides or the bottom, or they can fly into the round ports to feed from inside the feeder.  This might have worked if the mesh squares hadn't been so large!  The instructions suggest using only sunflower seeds or peanuts, since smaller seeds would fall through the mesh.  Well, sunflower seeds fell through the mesh, too!This thing is a mess to fill, since seeds pour out as you're trying to fill the feeder.  When I realized what was happening, I tried filling it over a cardboard box (to catch all the seed that poured out), but even once it was filled I saw that it was leaking seed all over the place.  I couldn't even carry it out to the tree where I was planning to hang it without seeds continuously leaking out from the sides and bottom.  The entire feeder is mesh, so the seeds come out everywhere.I have no idea how other customers were able to use this thing.  I gave up, since it was obvious that as soon as I hung it in the tree the seeds would leak out continuously until only the ground feeders would get any use from it.  It's possible this would work with peanuts, but I can attest that it's a failure with sunflower seeds.  This is a poorly designed bird feeder that wastes seed.  Not recommended. Ridiculous design wastes seed
I have very active bird feeding stations. We made 2 drilled out logs with perches and stuffed the holes with homemade suet and then also have bird feeders with trays for seed.This feeder says to fill it with sunflower seeds. The birds that are attracted to and enjoy sunflower seeds are cardinals, grosbeaks, chickadees and sparrows. Cardinals and grosbeaks will not feed off of this feeder unless they are desperate; they want tray feeders.When this is filled with sunflower seeds, the bottom holes are so large that you lose a great amount of the seeds dropping on the ground.The fly through holes can catch the birds and make it difficult for them to get out. I watched one fat chickadee struggle and hurt itself when several grackles approached. The last I saw of the poor chickadee was it hopping and dragging a wing across the snow on our deck. That was also the last time this feeder was used.Between the holes that drop the sunflower seeds and the damage to birds- this is not a feeder for the birds. Not for the birds
A oouple of weeks ago I spread this high priced product over some spots in my back yard that my Dobie had turned to a yellow color. He watched me carefully as I violated his favorite watering holes and when I finished he watered them quite thoroughly. Not to worry, I thought, this product is allegedly impervious to my Dobie's output and soon grass will appear. After a week of no grass despite my Dobie's assistance I decided to reseed and use a garden hose to do the watering rather than depend on my faithful companion. As I watered I kept thinking of the old saw "You'll wonder where the yellow went when you...... etc". Another week passed with no sign of grass. I don't need to wonder where the yellow went because it is right there where it has been ever since the Dobie arrived. Grass? Not!
I used this to &#34;stomp&#34; all my winter trimmings (rose bushes) in my green recycling curbside can and it did a great job... until it broke.  The part that broke is the spring loaded piece that attaches the stomper to the wood handle you supply... in this case it was the other end of a broom.  When I pressed on it to release it the third or fourth time of use, it SNAPPED loudly and all of the pieces fell out.  The stomper was useless after this and I threw it in the garbage bin next to the green bin it had been working so well on.  Before it broke, I found that it compacted the can down by about 50% so you could fit half as much more in the can.  I think it would work better if it were weighted down instead of a light piece of plastic...Overall, not well-built, not garden tough, a gimmic that was a good idea that fell apart in manufacturing in some distant land.Sorry, can't recommend. From 5 star to one star in one SNAP of plastic
Tried this in two plants, was able to find the plant in the iPhone app but was never able to sync it.Maybe I got a dud. Syncing doesn't work
I'm always game for trying any bird feeder that might make it more difficult for my chubby backyard squirrels to get at the birdfeed, so I was really excited to be offered this one from the Amazon Vine program in exchange for an honest review.After 6 weeks of testing this Perky-Pet 412 platform feeder I have to honestly say that it is a great squirrel feeder but a not-so-great wild bird feeder.  In fact, the only birds who even bother with this feeder in my backyard are those nuisance starlings and grackles.Depending on what I filled it with during my 6 week testing period - seed, suet, peanut nuggets or mealworms - the platform feeder did attract a few species of wild birds at first.  As a full-time resident of the Gulf coast of west central Florida where the birdlife is unusually rich and abundant, I have identified many species at my other bird feeders but only the starlings and grackles continued to visit this platform feeder, especially when I filled it with peanut nuggets or mealworms. (The squirrels, by the way, do not like the mealworms).I positioned my feeder in a nearby tree using a 36-inch "S" branch-hook which provides a lot of clearance around the feeder to foil the squirrels. The adjustable dome is designed to wobble and throw the squirrels off balance when they attempt a raid but my squirrels still manage to get under it, tilt the feeder and spill the food. I don't mind this too much though because I also enjoy watching the birds ground feed.The Perky-Pet platform feeder is made in China and requires some assembly. It is easy to assemble but the wire grate that fits overs the metal feeding dish is warped on my unit and is a very poor fit, leaving about a half inch gap allowing the squirrels a better foothold and easier access to the food. I have since removed this grate inasmuch as it serves no good purpose.The distance between the dome and the feeding dish is adjustable but the dome is also a poor fit and sits at an angle, wobbling and bouncing wildly on its spring with the slightest movement of air. It is not a bad looking feeder but I would visually like it better if all of its pieces were a straighter fit and the feeder didn't look so wonky.The feeder requires frequent cleaning which means dismantling the feeder. It's a bit of a hassle to disassemble the feeder twice a week but necessary to prevent disease transmission in birds through decayed and contaminated food.But during the process of frequent disassembling, cleaning and reassembling, I've done a little experimenting with this feeder trying to make it a more successful feeder for wild birds and this is what I've discovered:1. The grate really is useless so I just keep it off.2. The bouncing dome does not deter squirrels. Rather it scares the birds away. So I tried keeping the dome off in order to attract more birds. This didn't really work for attracting desirable birds other than nuisance birds. I also discovered that the dome is actually beneficial for keeping the feed protected from the elements and bird droppings. So I decided to continue using it.3. The dome does work better when I reassemble the feeder without using the spring. The dome wobbles much less and is more steady without the spring and therefore doesn't frighten the birds with that frantic wobbling.After all this tweaking I'm still not satisfied with this Perky Pet feeder. I most definitely would not buy another. Nor would I ever recommend it. In fact, mine has gone in the trash.If you really want a squirrel proof wild bird feeder I highly recommend theBrome 1015 Squirrel Buster Classic. Bromes are expensive but they are worth every penny. My Brome feeders paid for themselves in no time, just by what they save me in all the birdfeed that the squirrels cannot access. Great squirrel feeder; not-so-great bird feeder
It speaks poorly when a company does not minimally test a product before bringing it to market.  The Perky-Pet Top Fill Bird Waterer is a good idea failed.There are so many things wrong with this design that it is embarrassing. Only small birds possibly could sit on the flimsy plastic base ring and turn in just a way to drink water that is, if water stayed in the container and didn't leak on the ground. Our container lost all its water in just over an hour. On a positive note, you don't have to worry about water getting stale or dirty as you do in a bird bath.  This design doesn't even work as a last resort for hummingbirds because there ain't no water there. Nuf said. Shame On what otherwise has been a reliable company with several other respectful products. Does Not Hold Water.
It's a beautiful day here in New Orleans, calm, the breeze is barely stirring, and yet the slight breeze is enough to de-perk my perky bird waterer. This is actually really cute, I hung it on a plant hanger and it looks cute in the yard. I noticed the perky waterer seems very flimsy but I hung it up anyway.The waterer, in theory, will be filled by rain, but if I hang it in a tree the branches would interfere, plus, here in New Orleans, rain is usually accompanied by wind, so this would be flying around and spilling out instead of filling up.I saw a bird trying to land and drink and the waterer swung around like a carnival ride, the bird looked confused and so am I. This is so light weight and ever time it swings just a little water drips out this way and that. I have filled it four times since hanging it up yesterday. Neither the birds nor I are impressed with this bird waterer. Maybe perky, but not sturdy or practical
I imagine this would work if the tray were deeper.  Fill it up and it's empty in a matter of minutes because of all the water pouring off the unit.  Even sitting flat on the ground, it empties out very quickly.  I really like the idea of a top-filling water dispenser for the backyard birds, but pass on this one until they redesign the tray. Great idea ... very poor tray design
When I first used this, the water dripped out of it within the hour, but it really does depend on which side you put the disc on that is underneath.  However, the writing is hard to see as to which side is right, and even when it's right, it's only good if the wind isn't blowing, which is almost never.  I think the wind tips it and it drains out.  I never got to see any birds on it because it was a new item on the bird feeder and emptied out so fast.  It was a good idea but poorly executed. Ok for still winds
Sorry to say that this was cheaply made plastic waterer and leaked.  I followed the direction and set it out to hang from a branch for the birds to enjoy.  A few minutes later, I noticed it was half empty and there was a puddle on the ground below.  I thought I did something wrong but when I took it apart, re assembled it and added more water, I noticed that the bowl was not sealed properly to the base cap and leaked from above the actual bowl.  I had to toss it before any birds got to enjoy it. Perky-Pet 782 Top Fill Bird Waterer
I own several Perky-Pet feeders and a few are fine and some are total failures--this one falls into the latter category. I honestly have to wonder if anyone at the company actually *tried* this bird waterer before they tried to sell them. My guess is they bought them wholesale from China sight unseen and then tried to market them: bad idea.The idea is brilliant: a bird waterer that can refill itself on rainy days, or that can be easily filled from the top using a garden hose or whatever. Great idea!The problem is that this thing simply doesn't hold water--even when it's perfectly level. I tested it in my kitchen sink and filled it with water and left it on bottom of the sink and came back a while later (like a half hour) and it was completely empty. So I tried it again, and I put it in a bucket with a perfectly level bottom to make sure I was giving it a fair test and (insert buzzer noise here), another fail!I've been trying to think of someway to re-engineer this so I can find a use for it, but so far nothing.Who in their right mind would sell a product that didn't work at all? If you want to give the birds a drink (great idea!) do yourself a favor: buy a nice birdbath or a little garden fountain (birds like running water, so the latter is probably a better idea).As far as this goes: Next! It simply doesn't hold water--a great idea that fails miserably
I have several Perky Pet bird feeders and have been pleased with all of them. I was excited to see this on the Amazon Vine, as I have wanted one for a long time.  It was very easy to assemble, but Noticed right away how flimsy it is.....cheap plastic!  The first time I put it out the water just ran out.  Tried again, and again water was gone in a few minutes.  Filled it again ( I really wanted it to work) and put it out.  I checked again an hour or so later and it was lying in pieces on the ground!  I guess a big bird tried to drink and it just fell apart!  Sure wish it would work.  I had high hopes that the birds would love it......sometime the little birds, like the Chickadees, have trouble drinking out of the birdbath if the water is to low, and this feeder would have been perfect for them! Really wanted this to work!
Update:  I initially gave this product 3 stars, mediocre, for the reasons below.  However, I have now experienced more of the problems that some of the other reviewers encountered, and this waterer is pretty much useless to me.  When I filled the empty container this morning, I apparently did not have it centered right on the hook, and water spilled out continuously.  I tried twice to recenter it, but could not get it laser-level even, and it spilled until it was completely empty.  No wind today.  Don't the designers actually test these things??~~~~~~~I like the idea of this bird waterer.  The birds have not used it yet, but I think they probably will as weather gets hotter and water gets scarcer.  Previous to getting this, I used a hummingbird feeder as a waterer, but that, of course, limits the kinds of birds that can use it.  (The feeder leaked, and I didn't want sugar water on the ground attracting ants, but a little water leaking was okay.)So, this product should have been ideal.  And it would have been had it been better designed and made.The reservoir is quite large, and when I am filling it and holding it by the saucer underneath, the saucer is so flimsy that I'm afraid it is going to break.I couldn't carry it outside without spilling on the floor between the kitchen and back door.  The saucer is too shallow.  I know that birds like shallow water, but the sides still could have been made higher.  There is no lip or anything that helps keep the water from sloshing out.The waterer is hung on my patio, sheltered from most sun and most wind, but still gets a little of both.  The slightest breeze causes it to spill, emptying it in short order.  The saucer is so shallow that I can't even climb onto the chair I use to reach the hook without spilling water, usually down the front of whatever I am wearing.The top is perforated, supposedly to let in rainwater as well as making filling easy.  What it does more often, in this land of little rain, is let in tiny bugs.The reservoir is frosted plastic, but I can't find information on what kind of plastic it is.  I would prefer glass or plastic that is safe for water bottles.  I don't know if this plastic is harmful to birds.It is easy to clean, and the reservoir does hold quite a bit of water.  A smaller reservoir that didn't spill so easily would be a better idea.  I looked at some of the other waterers available, and several have different reservoirs but the same too-shallow saucer underneath.Given the negatives, this feeder with a patio light shining behind it in the evenings makes a very pretty glow.  The birds don't seem to care, though. Good Idea, Poor Design and Execution
I really wanted this to work as I hate cleaning the bird bath daily but like to provide one.  I read the instructions and made sure the unit was securely in place filled with water and hung it in my backyard. I went to check on it 10 min later and watched the final water in the clear portion disappear.  It was overflowing the saucer that is the only place there is water for the birds just what the saucer holds.Will try calling company tomorrow and will update if they have a fix that works. Great idea but doesn't hold water.
I love feeding the birds, and I provide a bird bath for them, as well. When I saw this, I thought it was a great idea. What it is is a huge disappointment. I have filled it and carefully hung it nest to my bird feeder. But a singe bird landing on its ledge, or a breeze, will tip the water out. This item is utterly useless.DO NOT BOTHER!It does not work as described. Nope. It doesn't work.
I have fiddled with this thing off and on for a couple of weeks now.The form factor is okay. It isn't ugly. It's light, that's a plus right? It seems built for the size of bird my feeding station is geared for, so what's the problem?Well it leaks. A lot. The thing bleeds out in about 10 minutes. You might as well just fill the little dish at the bottom because that's all that will be left 10 minutes after you fill the thing.If anyone else has tried a bird waterer that they like, please leave a comment below and point me in the right direction. Epic fail unless your goal is to taunt the birds with an empty waterer...
I've had this waterer out for well over a month now and have not seen a single bird come to it. It's top fill, which is great, and which is not. Nasty stuff falls into the water turning it colors. The waterer is plastic and I suspect because of its light weight birds may weigh it down on one side. It's really been a bust for me and never gets used despite being in the middle of four feeders. Perky-Pet 782 Top Fill Bird Waterer
I like Perky-Pet feeders.  Every summer I put out regular feeders and hummingbird feeders.  The birds like them and they're generally easy to keep clean.  The streak has been broken with this.A waterer is a great idea, especially here in the dry west.  I was excited to have a chance to test this unit, but I began to get the &#34;uh-oh&#34; feeling almost immediately.  It has a snap-together construction--nothing particularly bad about the idea--but I found that it was very easy to snap the bowl/perch area right off the feeder.  The weight of a jay (a common bird here) would have been enough to snap it right off: that is if water had stayed in it long enough to attract that jay.This unit is extremely sensitive to orientation.  Any tilt--no matter how slight--will be sufficient to drain it dry.  This might be fine on a windless, airless planet.  But here on earth, the smallest breeze was enough to knock it out of the vertical.  I could see the water dribbling out, and it only took about 15 minutes for the thing to be completely empty.  There were no evident flaws in construction.  This is a problem of design.It's top-fillable without disassembly.  The idea is to catch rainwater--a noble idea.  But try filling it from a jug.  It only accepts a slow flow of water and you have to stand there dribbling in the water for several minutes.  I think it drains faster than it fills.  Perky-Pet needs to head back to the drawing board (or directly to the bin) with this unit.  It's a great idea, but this implementation fails completely. Total fail
I would not recommend purchasing this hummingbird feeder as it spills very easily. Even in the slightest breeze it spills everywhere through the flower openings. I recommend this Perky Pet hummingbird feeder instead: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00GVLDF9K (Perky Pet 210PB).Not only does this feeder not spill, but it also holds more nectar and I've watched the hummingbirds and they seem to prefer it. Plus, it's quite a bit cheaper. There is no competition between the two in my opinion. Not recommended
UPDATE 5/16/2014:  I'll leave my original review in tact below... but I am going to change this to one star "cannot recommend" because the feeder leaks like crazy.  I don't mean just a little leak, I mean red liquid all over the place kind of leak.  At first I thought the birds were just feeding like crazy and that's why the levels were going down... then I saw because it was sitting on a picnic table that the entire table was covered in red gooey sugar water and the feeder had a slow drip.  I'm surprised that Perky Pet would release something like this with a quality problem of this magnitude (it appears other reviewers have experienced this issue as well).  Can't recommend, sorry.ORIGINAL REVIEW:There are lots of great reviews for this feeder already so I'm not sure what I can add, but one thing that I didn't cross my mind when I ordered this large feeder... you have to have a LOT of hummers feeding to consume 30 oz of "nectar" before it spoils in the sunlight and heat.  Our hummers are very territorial and fight off others in "their" backyard so they can have all the flowers and of course this feeder to themselves.  That results in the nectar going down much more slowly than I would have predicted.As others have stated, this is a great design, with a wide mouth opening on the REAL GLASS (yay!!!) container (dishwasher safe, don't worry about a bottle brush as someone else suggested).  The ant moat seems to work and the bright red color attracts those hummers.  The nectar that comes with this is comically small amount... only 8 oz vs 30 oz capacity of the feeder.  You'll want to make your own with sugar and water (google the recipe) and without any food coloring which is bad for the birds (Amazon also sells clear nectar which is becoming the new norm now).One star off for being cheap with the initial supply of nectar, but overall an excellent feeder that seems design to perform and last.Hope this helps. Revised review: MAJOR LEAKS!!!!
Perky-Pet makes all sorts of hummingbird feeders, but I think this simple style is one of their best designs.  This is a new model, but it has all the important features I look for in a quality hummingbird feeder--glass, easy hanging (S hook), durability and no leakage.  I like this particular feeder because the wide mouth makes cleaning and filling easy, the base separates in half (again for easy cleaning) and it has built in bee guards and an ant moat.  Most important, hummingbirds like it.  We have over ten different feeders hanging around the yard, and it's obvious which ones are preferred.  Their favorite feeders aren't the fanciest or most expensive, but they all resemble this fundamental glass tube style.UPDATE:  This feeder leaks like a sieve!  It held liquid just fine for about a month, but now the two-part base just doesn't seal.  I checked reviews, and sure enough, lots of other people are experiencing the same problem.  Leaking renders the 209B feeder useless...my five star review has been revised to one. Started Leaking Within A Month's Time
This otherwise well-built little feeder leaks. I tried tightening to the max: still leaked. Perhaps I was over-tightening and distorting the plastic?: nope; still leaked. Maybe some aquarium-grade silicone along the joins?: nope; no joy.My lawn does not need sugar water, but that's where it is going. Into the trash with this feeder. Can't stop the leaking
This Rumford Gardener Tuff-Guard Expanding Hose is the second hose of this genre I tested.  The first one was the lime green Rumford Gardener Expanding Hose.  It broke at multiple places in three months on very light use.  This second expanding hose fared even worse; it exploded with a loud pop on my driveway on the second use.Knowing the vulnerability of this kind of hoses, I had treated this hose with kid-gloves.  I turned on the water valve from  to  and let the hose expand over a period of one minute before I turned on the valve fully.  I used the hose only on smooth cement surface.  I drained the hose after use and stored it in a covered bucket in my covered patio.  The water pressure of my house is consistently around 75 psi, well within the norm of residential water supply.  My advice to Amazon shoppers is to stick to heavy-duty rubber hoses.  They are heavy and clunky but they don't explode in your faces like these expandable hoses.P.S. There is no warranty or any contact info of the manufacturer in the box. The only recourse a buyer has in case of problem with this hose is to return to Amazon within one month. Outside of that, he/she is hosed. Exploded on the second use
As with many of these types of hoses, there are too many restrictions on use and how you must use it. As they say you can't teach an old dog new tricks nor can you expect someone to change how they have used garden hoses all their lives. You are supposed to follow a specific method for initially operating the hose. Another factor in rating it a 1 is there is no manufacturer contact information included with the hose. None on the box and none in the directions. I also tried to find the manufacturer on the internet and no luck there either.If the hose goes bad, you are simply out of luck. Another concern is that this hose is not to be used for drinking water. Makes me wonder what is leaching out from this hose into the water and worry also about pets or animals drinking water that came out of this hose. The better option is a 50' coiled hose which we have two of. I bought two very good quality coiled hoses and have been using them for 3 seasons now without any problems. Overall I think these hoses are a useless gimmick. A gimmick hose
Oh yes there had been a mouse there.  It left some hair and some feces but it walked away.  Bad &#34;trap&#34;. the mouse walked away
These traps are without question the most horrific, most cruel, and most devious devices some truly sick mind has ever invented.  Any animal, target species or not, will die a slow and terrible death, will break about every bone in its body trying to free itself from this medieval torture device, and either die of dehydration or blood loss due to self-inflicted amputation attempts.Why any decent human being would ever want to torture an animal like this is beyond me.  Owls have gotten so hopelessly stuck on these terrible traps when they tried to grab what looked like an easy meal that they had to be euthanized.  We are working hard to get these types of traps banned from US markets for good.  Pets have gotten stuck on those things, and if you have ever tried to get this thing off a cat's face and witnessed its agony and terror you might get a glimpse at what you are doing to animals if you decide to use such a trap.There are much more humane methods out there to eliminate a mouse problem, this is most definitely, without any question, the absolutely worst one you can choose.  And if you still decide to deploy such a thing after reading this, shame on you. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THESE TORTURE DEVICES!!!
An old workplace used these around animal feed and areas where rodents tended to visit.  I have never seem a more cruel, horrifying site than watching mice struggle to free themselves.  If you are going to use a kill trap, at least use one that causes instant death.  I can't get the horrible images of desperate, terrified mice out of my mind.  These traps are horrifying. I can't get the horrible images of desperate
Whoever designed this product obviously grills differently than how we do it in the US. These mats are not suitable for conventional outdoor grilling, where high heat and licks of flame are part of the process. These mats are suitable to use in place of parchment paper on your cookie sheets.I grill because I want to create nice crusty sear marks on my foods, whether it be steaks, burgers, kabobs, veggies, seafood or fish. Even when I need to cook foods at a lower-than-high temperature, I still start out by searing the outside. Why bother grilling if that is not the result you are looking for?When I grill over fire (wood or charcoal), even when I try to prevent flare-ups, they happen. And when I crank up the Weber gas grill, it heats to well-over 500 degrees before I toss on the food. Same with my Char Broil infrared grill.The mats are basically like a Silpat mat.Mats are NOT suitable for live fire grilling: Why? Because you can NOT allow flame to touch them.Mats are NOT suitable for searing: Why? Because you can NOT allow temperature to go over 500 degrees Fahrenheit.With these mats, you will definitely prevent your grill grates from getting messy, but you will never be able to create a Maillard Effect (caramelization), because you will never be able to get the mats hot enough to create a sear. And, if you've used a marinade, and if your food becomes juicy, the liquid will run off the mat because there is no lip....Hmmmm.....So you will still get flare-ups and you will still get your grates messy.ABOUT THE SKEWERS: They, also, are limited in use: The tips are rounded, not pointy and sharp for easy piercing. These rounded tips mangle delicate seafood and veggies. Forget trying to skewer tomatoes, onion rings, peppers or shrimp. Take a close look at the middle picture, you can see how rounded the tips are. Also, notice that the tips are a bigger diameter than the rest of the skewer. What that means is this: You thread the food over the tips and create a big hole. Then you slide it onto the very pliable thinner cable. Your food will definitely NOT hold in place. It swings around and flops around on the narrow cable, because it started out by going through a big hole.And I'm not sure how this replaces aluminum foil or how it can be used effectively for roasting: Foil wraps any way you want it to, and it can keep fluids contained so you don't lose the juices and so you don't dirty a pan. These mats are flat and will always be flat and fluid will run right off of it.All around this is a very bad idea for the grill.*I received a sample product from TeiKis for review, and I'm not a wimp and not afraid to hand out one-star reviews when they are warranted. If I had paid money for this crap, I would be livid right now. I don't regret spending the time writing a review on it--my ultimate goal is to help customers think through their decisions to buy, before they hit the buy-button, and before things get ugly when they open a package and are disappointed by what they find inside. WARNING: Suitable for non-seared, lower heat situations only
This is that very thin material.  It is not heavy canvas.  It is probably okay for a mild climate, but will not last more than one season with heavy snow or rain.  We had a table cover made out of this thin material and the wind shredded it after only two months.  Spend the extra money and get a heavy duty cover. Light Material. Not heavy duty
