These ubiquitous texas instrument calculator that everyone thinks are so great are complete garbage.  Compared to 15c or 42s by HP this is not a tool, but a child's toy or just a piece of land fill luggage. Inferior quality to HP of 20 years ago.
Bought this product recently based on recommendations for an advanced math/ scientific calculator.  Apparently, TI has almost all the schools eating out of their hands by having classrooms make these calculators mandatory in many classes.I will say that the calculator features a lot and you can even purchase more applications to dowload at TI's Website.  However, the calculator is complicated to use, and you almost need a course to learn how to use it.  Furthermore, the functionality is poorly designed and if you press a wrong button the calculator will often freeze on you.At the high price for these TI calculators you would think that they would have gotten all the bugs out.  But let me assure you they are definitely there, and you would be better served to get a Casio or HP graphing calculator instead. A lot of hype, but it quickly fizzled
This product is for real geeks only. I bought it as a souvenir and office decoration.If you want something serious and practical, get an iphone (or any other smartphone) and a financial calculator app that can do Black-Scholes option pricing and many other fixed income and derivative stuff that this calculator cannot do. get an iphone and a financial calculator app instead
UPDATE: After a couple of weeks my opinion of this has dropped. The only good thing is that it has the same nylon covering as the original version. But the gel (or whatever they use now, it used to be gel) feels as hard as a rock and is really unpleasant to use. I thought I could live with the thinner padding but this is really really unpleasant to use.This isn't a worthless wrist rest but I'm giving it one star because Fellowes shouldn't be selling this under the same product ID (down to the model number) when it's significatnly different.It is significantly shallower (in terms of thickness) and hence doesn't offer nearly as much padding. It's also shallower front to back.This isn't a bad wrist rest (and they are much cheaper now: I paid roughly $13 for this compared to $18 4 years ago for the same product ID), but they are not in any way the previous generation.Some people might consider this a better product as they make not like the height of the earlier ones. Not the same product and worse in every way
Busted open the second day.  Too much weight on it or a crappy product?  Maybe just a flawed item in the mass distribution?  Whatever the reason, it busted open (cool to see the gel stuff though :)  Won't buy ever again, though. Busted Open Second Day
Lasted only about a month before the edges started coming apart.  After 2 months, it was totally dirty and had to be trashed.  Worst mouse pad I've ever used and that counts the free ones I get at conventions. Doesn't last
Should I be complaining about something that was less than a dollar?Yes, absolutely.The top layer of material, the red layer, is coming off from both the top and bottom of the muse pad after about a week's worth of normal use. The adhesive or bonding process isn't holding the two layers together.The size of the mouse pad is very good.It tends to slide around on my desk with very little effort.Waste of time with this mouse pad. Surprised at the lack of quality from Belkin. terrible quality
This was delivered without the starter pack and without the carrier. Had no way to try it out. Returned to sender. A Real Loser
Look, it is a mouse pad.  It really doesn't even &#34;work&#34; - it just is, except when it comes apart.  Two days, that's all I got. Bad Dog. Within two days the fabric seperated from the black pad portion
The color was coming off within a few weeks.  Within a month, all the edges are peeling.  This has got to be one of the worst mousepads ever made. Awful
I ordered 2 premium mousepads.  Amazon sent 1 premium and one 65 cent standard blue.The premium one makes my new-ish Logitech optical mouse skip, hang, lag.  It does work on my 15 year old Microsoft Explorer optical mouse.Also, the edges are so sharp I feel like I'm going to slit my wrist on it.Would not recommend. Does not work with Logitech mouse
only .5" high not 1"fabric is not durable, wears through and hard to keep cleanother than obvious lack of function due to height, no leaks, does not stiffen up over timeInnovera is a better brand too short
The wrist pad I brought a couple of months ago had a terrible smell when I purchased it and the smell is still there but not as strong. Now the gel is coming out at the seams.  I cannot use the wrist rest and I tried to fix it but it cannot be fixed.  I would not recommend this item. Terrible Wrist Rest Pad
I tried this product and liked it, but tried to call Avery to gather more information on their products and was disappointed with the fact that they have outsourced all of what used to be US jobs to Manilla, Philippines!!! On their web site, Avery give the appearance that they are located in Brea, California, but in reality all of their consumer inquires, information on their products, software support, and general questions are all routed to the Philippines. I was not able to connect with anyone in the USA after more than 30 minutes on the phone with several different people in Manilla.In addition, all of their products are manufactured in either Mexico or China. I am hesitant to use or recommend Avery products since there are very few US jobs associated with any their products.**************************************************My initial review of the product was good prior to my call to the "Consumer Service Center" in Manilla:I downloaded the Avery Wizard 4.0 to help me make the labels. It took some time to download and install, but well worth the time. The wizard was easy to use. Once you down load the software there will be a new toolbar in Microsoft Word. You simply click the Avery button and it gives you a comprehensive list of all of the Avery products (listed by product number). After that is takes you through a few easy-to-understand wizard windows to enter the text and layouts your labels. Once completed, you have a MS-Word document that you can save on your computer and reprint if needed. I was able to make address labels with a small graphic quite quickly and easily.Even though these are listed for use on a Laser printer, I used them on my ink-jet printer and they turned out quite well. Even after roughing up the label by crunching it up, it stayed clear and legible. The "Easy Peel" backing allows you to reposition or remove the label although it does hold in place and will not easy fall off. Don't like Avery business practices.
I tried this product and liked it very much, but tried to call Avery to gather more information and was disappointed with the fact that they have outsourced all of what used to be US jobs!!! If you call Avery's Consumer Service Center (1-800-462-8379 number listed on their web site as Brea, California) you will be given several choices of support all of which route you to their customer, product, and software staff in Manilla, Philippines.I wanted to get more information on where their products are manufactured. The operator I spoke with and her supervisor both assured me that all Avery products are made in the U.S.A. in Brea, California, but some of the raw materials may be from other countries. They were unable to route me to anyone in Brea to confirm this information. After examining the packaging I have I found a sticker that said "Made in Mexico." Other Avery products I have say either Mexico or China. None say U.S.A.I am very hesitant to use or recommend Avery products since there are very few US jobs associated with their products.**************************************************My initial review of the product was good prior to my call to the "Consumer Service Center" in Manilla:I have used sharpie pens on all my well-used file folders and decided to try these file folder labels by Avery. I was surprised how well they blocked out the old hand-written tabs with clean new labels. The TrueBlock Technology is simply a silver backing on the sticky side of the label.As for the templates, I downloaded the Avery 8366 template for MS-Word on Avery's website, but was disappointed that I could not get the text to center on the label when I increased the text to a legible size. So, I downloaded the Avery Wizard 4.0. It took some time to download and install, but well worth the time. The wizard was easier to use than the template. It comes with a few colorful graphics to make your labels interesting. I was able to use a big text size and center the text vertically and horizontally.Once I had my labels printed out, it was easy to peel and place the labels right in the file drawers, and I had a whole file drawer of easy-to-read folder tabs.A couple side notes. 1) Avery required that you give them your name and email for downloading a simple template which I didn't like. In addition during the Avery Wizard 4.0 install there is a box automatically checked to also install the Avery "Ask" toolbar and make it your default search engine. You can easily uncheck it, but rather tricky of Avery to set as the default to install additional software on your computer. 2) If you try and remove the label on your file folders, they do not easily release and you'll peel off some of your file folder with the label.Again, this may be a useful product, but very disappointing that Avery continues to outsource all their customer support and manufacturing! Like the product, but don't like Avery business practices.
I was pleased to receive these as I had filing to do. I printed out a sheet of file labels, and then applied them to file folders I was re-using. I was extremely disappointed as I could see the writing right through the label, making for a very messy look. NOT recommended at all. I had to go buy new labels... Tru- block? Not so much!
Great classic design.  I imagine it is a wonderful phone if you get one that works.  Mine refused to ring, and yes I checked the ring setting.  Returned it. DOA.  Does not ring.  Returned it.
This phone started to have problems around the 1yr mark. First, a lot of static and now it just keeps disconnecting calls. Looking for another. Find Another-
This would be a real deal -- if only it was compatible with Windows XP, which it is not. Before you buy it, use a good search engine to find user comments, and you'll discover that (1) Brother is still negotiating with Microsoft over XP drivers, and (2) Brother's support is non-existent. Even their website is useless.Not good. Buying a World of Trouble
I had to throw this printer out.  It was simply too unreliable.The first unit I had streaked.  After three exchanges of the printer, they finally sent me a new drum.This printed for about 4 months, and the streaks re-appeared.I have never been so aggravated by a printer and suggest extremecaution  before buying. Beware
My order came from 'The Witz and Sons', fulfilled by Amazon.I've bought HP ink through Amazon for years and never once had an issue.  This time what I received was questionable.The product is advertised as being in retail packaging, and the photo shows an HP package.However, when I opened the Amazon box, what was inside was not in an HP retail box.  Instead the ink cartridge arrived "unboxed."  There was no HP cardboard box.  It arrived in only the HP inner foil package.  That means there was NO HP box, NO UPC and, of course, NO explicit expiration date listed.The only thing on the package, outside of the HP logo, is a foil code.  In my case the foil code is SG2 110800 100218 1133.  I happen to be familiar with the codes on HP foil, so reading the two sets of six numbers in yymmdd format, I was able to see that what I was sent had an "ink warranty" that expired about 9 months ago back in August 2011 (110800), and was produced in February of 2010  (100218).While many people use ink past the warranty date, that should be the choice of the consumer.  Here, it seems likely the seller removed the box to try to pass off a "old" product as fresh, which is deceitful, at best. Read The Fine Print !
This printer is the biggest ink hog I have ever seen. If you download the optional ink reserve software you can actually see your expensive inks disappear. Granted, when the printer is working properly you can get wonderful images. If you are not constantly printing, the nozzles will clog. It is almost impossible to find anyone to work on these printers because the nozzles are built into the printer. After throwing a couple hundred down the drain on this printer, I smartened up and bought a Canon Pro9000. My new Canon is a wonderful wide format printer with easy installation and the nozzle cartridge is removable! Don't Waste Your Time or Money
Doing a simple internet search will take you down the path to finding this product currently for $29.97.  Do not pay this seller twice it's value, especially since most of us don't have land lines anymore.  Anyone selling it for so much is trying to unload their inventory and get their money back.  Buyer beware and do your research.  That being said, any device that sends out the "disconnected line" tones will be effective against robocalls.  Other cheaper options are to download the sound of a fax machine onto your laptop and play that when you see a robocall come in.  Of course you'd only be successful at that method if you kept getting repeat robocalls from the same unknown area code.If you really want to have fun with these "poor souls just trying to eek out a living like anyone else" just tie them up on the phone for a long time.  They get paid by the number of calls they handle and the number of scams they pull off.  So tie up their time and you can have a small passive-aggressive victory dance around the dinner table.  Don't yell or get angry at them.  They're already locked and loaded for those calls.  Plus it will just get your adrenaline going and make you angry.  Nothing good will come of that other than you being angry.  They're just going to call someone else and so on and so on.  Just pretend like you care about what they're saying and drag on their conversation for a long while.Other options for meddling with them are blasting a loud whistle or horn in the phone (but some digital phones will cut out the loud noise.  So that doesn't always work.  I've also had success pretending to be a business when I see the caller ID and recognize the robocall area code (NYC in this case).  Once they realize it's a business they called the operator will usually take you off the list because a business isn't engageable in a personal currency scam.  In the end they'll always be harrassing you as long as you have a phone (like junk mail in your mailbox).  Even if your number is unlisted these machines will randomly dial numbers at digital speeds.  So don't think the machines can't get through. Don't Buy this for $60!!
120 days later the dialing function no longer works. Very poor quality construction. Too bad, this was a nice phone initially. 120 days
3M(TM) Copy Holder, In-line, 18 Inches Wide, 300 Sheet Capacity, Black and ClearI am getting old. I remember when $100 ($65 Amazon price) actually bought something. Oh, wait, it still can. AppleTV is $100. A Roku box is $100. A Kindle is just $40 more. But, now in 2010 an 18" sheet of molded plastic two weighted plastic legs some assorted screws and knobs and a rubber band cost $100. I have to assume the mystery weight beads in the legs are made of a high tech alloy and the plastic sheet must be bullet proof? On top of that when assembled it's kind of wobbly. I'd have designed in a cross base support of some kind for rigidity. But, that might have driven the price up to $150? I did a quick search for a "Copy Holder," what I found was a huge selection under $10. Granted many weren't as attractive as the 3M product but what price design for such an item. It just needs to hold paper or a book.If the constructed product didn't feel as wobbly as it does, maybe I'd forgive it. But, really, I can't get over the price to function ratio. I have many 3M products and many are well made and reasonably priced. I just can't review this product favorably. Your money is my concern. When you spend this much on a stationery product, it really should be beyond compare. This simply is not.  There are better choices considering the price. If this was about $15-$20 maybe I'd say it's pretty and does the job. Yet, it's still unsteady if you need to move it periodically.  There are many better cost effective choices. Way overpriced book/paper holder
I think they're rotten, and they don't begin to compare in quality with my earlier, bona fide Memorex CD labels. The reason I say they're rotten is because the labels won't come off in one piece allowing me to center them very nicely on the CD/DVD, so it's made it a lot more work for me! They're rotten!
I tried this product and liked it very much, but tried to call Avery to gather more information on their products and was disappointed with the fact that they have outsourced all of what used to be US jobs!!! On Avery's web site they have their Consumer Service Center shown as Brea, California. I called the number listed (1-800-462-8379) and was given several choices of support. There is an option for templates and software, products, and all other issues. Any of the options you choose whether you're calling from the US or Canada will route you to their "call center" in Manilla, Philippines. In addition, all of their products are manufactured in either Mexico or China, not Brea, California, USA. I am hesitant to use or recommend Avery products since there are very few US jobs associated with any their products. It would be really nice if Avery was up-front on their web site and list their "Consumer Service Center" as Manilla ;o)**************************************************My initial review of the product was good prior to my call to the "Consumer Service Center" in Manilla:I downloaded the Avery Wizard 4.0 to help me make the labels. It took some time to download and install, but well worth the time. The wizard was easy to use. I was able to use a big text size and printed the row of 5-tab labels quickly and easy.Once I had my labels printed out, I was able to lay down the row of tab sheets (you can not do this if the tabs are already in the notebook), align, rub-down into place, and then peel away the outside edging. If you have a lot of tabs to make at once this product would be very helpful. You get 10 sets of 5-tab rows per sheet.On the other hand, I still like using the Avery 612797 tabs which has 80 tabs per sheet and better for times when you just need to print a couple tabs. Like the product, but don't like Avery business practices.
To use this product, first of all you have to download a template from the Avery website. Not necessarily a bad thing, but a time drain if you're on a time crunch putting together the final steps of a presentation. Then when you do have the template you find that the spaces you have to type your title in are ridiculously small - you have to play with font and size until it fits. Again, another time drain. In my case, the ultimate failure was that the tabs did not extend past the edge of my paper in the binder, making it look as if there was any organization. This required a mad rush to the local office supply store to purchase the old fashioned type of tabs, which looked much better. I would not recommend this product at all. Didn't work for my needs
only .5" high not .9"other than obvious lack of function due to height, the material is good, no leaks, does not stiffen up over time, no bad smellInnovera is a better brand too short
only .5" high not 1.3"other than obvious lack of function due to height, the material is good, no leaks, does not stiffen up over time, no bad smellInnovera is a better brand too short
this mouse pad never made it to my home. It is a nuisance to have to repeat myself over and over again. does not apply
only .5" high not 1.5"fabric is not durable, wears through and hard to keep cleanother than obvious lack of function due to height, no leaks, does not stiffen up over timeInnovera is a better brand too short
I paid $6 for an Amazon website recomendation to purchase with my Amazon Shredder  .... WHAT BUNK!!  No where in the manual does it even suggest using oil, but there is no where to even use the oil if you wanted to because the blades are covered with a protective sheild and the oil directions state to put this directly on cutting area!!  Not that $6 is a lot of money, but NEVER EVER should a recomendation link recomending 2 products be purchased for use together, when they cannot be, especially when it does not line-up with the manufacturers recomendations. FALSE ADVERTISING basically. THIS IS SUCH B.S !!!!!
Originally, I have written a good review: "I have got this thing to use in the  office, I like my feet elevated. It has two height settings, so it is even more convenient than it looks. I personally like it a lot."However after just a couple months of using this thing, I pierced it with my heel very easily, and I didn't put a lot of weight on it. It's very fragile and won't work for girls in heels. Very disappointed. Very fragile!
The white board part of it may be nice, but no matter how hard I tried and tightened the locks, the back leg would slip out.I could not get it to stand up while writing on it.I don't think the plastic locks are strong enough.  Maybe mine is defective, but I'm guessing, it is just poor design. Find another easel board
When the package arrive, all of the pins literally poured to the ground. The box was broken and so were some of the pins!!There was ABSOLUTELY NO packaging or protection in the box.For almost $9, this is a total rip off!! Very cheap. Unprofessional. Came damaged.
This product may be fine enough, but the storage process clearly wasn't.  The binder clips were entwined in elaborate, deep webbing, which I thought might be some kind of strange packaging.  Nope.  As I tried to pull back the thick white sheet on the clips, there appeared an enormous spider...the kind of thing you see only in a few places in the U.S.  Never again will I buy an Acco product; I'd be too terrified of what might appear in the box.I have no idea about the product, as I obviously threw out the box, giant spider, ocean of spider-killer, and all. Giant Spider in a Box
Or maybe not for my computer???  However, if I'm having problems, there may be others out there who would experience the same frustration.My opinion may not be fair, because the trouble I had could be related to my PC.  I have never attempted to make my own business cards before, but I have been able (without any training) to make some basic projects with Publisher, such as gift certificates.  I routinely do flyers that require clip art.  So I didn't expect to have any problem with this Avery product.Avery DOES supply a contact number you can call to get help, but frankly I really dislike getting instructions over the phone, so I did not take advantage of this offer.  I would have preferred some trouble shooting tips listed online or on a sheet of paper in the packet.First, I had trouble downloading the template.  I gave up after eight tries in three different sessions. I finally settled for the totally blank card setup that I was able to get access to. I could not get the program to accept clip art most of the time.  I had trouble getting one of the seven lines to center.  When I finally was able to paste clip art onto the card, I could not control where it went AND all the copy I had set up disappeared...never to be seen again.  Some day...many months from now, I may come back and try this again.  Or I may give the product away and let someone else struggle with it.  For now, I have a lot of wasted time and no business cards to show for it. Not for a novice...or anyone lacking patience
My prior boss opened a REC Center for kids with special needs. I purchased this velcro with high hopes.  I was so excited to utilize the clear velcro for communication books.  Unfortunately, the velcro barely stuck to surfaces and the hard and soft velcro barely stuck to each other.  I was embarrassed by this purchase. Bad Choice
While the idea of using something environmentally friendly appeals to me, this item is not manufactured well. I put them together as I have every other box like this, and the ones I had absolutely did not stand up to use. I put my files in (which honestly weren't very heavy) and the box couldn't take it. I ran out and bought the original ones and they held up fine. I definitely do not recommend these! Stick to the original storage boxes!
I have seen several incredibly comfortable office chairs for about $25.  Who would pay this for a chair pillow? Isn't this more than you would pay for an entire chair?
I really should have returned it earlier.  It is like sitting on a rock and hurts like heck.  I don't recommend this for anyone but a featherweight...and yes like everyone else mine says in bold letters ASTAR.  At first it was good but as the weeks go on it gets worse i.e. harder and harder.  Stay AWAY. Hard as a rock
The "original" old Mead Composition Book is a classic. But recently Mead changed the Composition Book so that it's now worthless. The paper seems like it isn't 100% pure quality tree paper so it's not as smooth to write on, the cover is a messy "plastic-type" cardboard, the black tape comes off in 3 months. I hate these things now.I bought 50 of these "new type" Mead Composition Books and the 10 new ones that I still have left, have rotted and the black tape has warped and come off. The 40 that I used up with writing, have also rotted and the black tape has come off. It's a real mess if you store them in old bookshelves. Some are made in India or Brazil and none are no longer made in the USA. The USA ones were the absolute best, with real tree paper, not "plastic-wax type" mesh waste paper, and real tree cardboard covers.If you need fairly adequate paper to write on, get Japanese Stationery (ex: Apica Notebooks), Rhodia, Rediform DaVinci Notebooks, Leuchtturm Notebooks, Black n' Red Notebooks, or Clairefontaine, they're very good and of high quality. The paper is of a high standard.Also, Moleskine Cahier Large Ruled Notebook (set of 3) and Writersblok Medium Ruled Notebook (set of 3), are good substitutes, of higher quality, for the Mead Black Composition Book if you're a writer like I am. It costs more but if you're a writer who needs decent paper to write on, it's well worth it.If you're just using the Mead Black Composition Book for school notes, doodling or odd ends, it's at least useable with a good pen.The "original" old Mead Composition Book didn't need to be changed. Bring it back.Rhodia Staplebound Black Graph Notebook 3 X 4Moleskine Ruled Cahier Journal Kraft Large: set of 3 Ruled JournalsWritersblok Medium Notebook, Ruled, Pack of 3, 5.5 x 8.25-Inches (WB801) The "original" old Mead Composition Book?
The "original" old Mead Composition Book is a classic.  But recently Mead changed the Composition Book so that it's now worthless.  The paper seems like it isn't 100% pure quality tree paper so it's not as smooth to write on, the cover is a messy "plastic-type" cardboard, the black tape comes off in 3 months.  I hate these things now.I bought 50 of these "new type" Mead Composition Books and the 10 new ones that I still have left, have rotted and the black tape has warped and come off.  The 40 that I used up with writing, have also rotted and the black tape has come off.  It's a real mess if you store them in old bookshelves.  Some are made in India or Brazil and none are no longer made in the USA.  The USA ones were the absolute best, with real tree paper, not "plastic-wax type" mesh waste paper, and real tree cardboard covers.If you need fairly adequate paper to write on, get Japanese Stationery (ex:  Apica Notebooks), Rhodia, Rediform DaVinci Notebooks, Leuchtturm Notebooks,  Black n' Red Notebooks, or Clairefontaine, they're very good and of high quality.  The paper is of a high standard.Also, Moleskine Cahier Large Ruled Notebook (set of 3) and Writersblok Medium Ruled Notebook (set of 3), are good substitutes, of higher quality, for the Mead Black Composition Book if you're a writer like I am.  It costs more but if you're a writer who needs decent paper to write on, it's well worth it.If you're just using the Mead Black Composition Book for school notes, doodling or odd ends, it's at least useable with a good pen.The "original" old Mead Composition Book didn't need to be changed.  Bring it back.Rhodia Staplebound Black Graph Notebook 3 X 4Moleskine Ruled Cahier Journal Kraft Large: set of 3 Ruled JournalsWritersblok Medium Notebook, Ruled, Pack of 3, 5.5 x 8.25-Inches (WB801) The "original" old Mead Composition Book?
The plastic protective slip over the holes on the papers falls off, leaving the paper vulnerable to being torn.Absolute waste of money. DO NOT BUY this! Garbage, waste of money
I liked the old Bic ball point pens because the ink never smeared and the pens didn't leak in my purse, backpack, or bag.  If I accidentally marked my clothes, the ink would wash right out.  The new gel versions smear, leak, and leave a horrible mess in my purse.  It doesn't wash out of clothes either.  Threw them away. Gel ink bleeds everywhere
I found that these pens did not write well. I would not recommend them even for a filler item as often I find air bubbles in the ink and have to scribble several times while I am writing.  These went in the trash. Do not write well
Writes well.  My impression when I first wrote with it was that it was really smooth.Maybe it's the wideness and grip that dampens the writing compared to a full plastic, thin stick pen?But this thing, the Bic Soft Feel, has a major problem.  The thing is press fitted together instead of screwed.  So the tip slides itself into the barrel as you're writing and you have press the two halves of the barrel back into each other after every 3 words you write.I guess you could super glue it together... and perhaps not all of them have this problem... but that's my experience and it's totally unacceptable.Update:  No, they all have the automatic disintegration feature. Writes smooth, Self destructs.
I needed a sharpener at home for my kids and the various sizes of pencils they use.  This thing is good in theory, but poor in practice.  Every single pencil that is sharpened in this machine comes out with one side sharpened, one side pointed wood.  A big disappointment.  I paid more for mine than here on Amazon.I also tried battery operated kind made by the same company...not enough power.  Now I am looking at the grand daddy of pencil sharpeners...electric! I think I will skip the X acto brand though. sharpens crooked...!
Very slim pencil, hard to hold and slippery.  The lead point keeps breaking, and the quality is clearly lacking.  As a comparison, I ordered the Pilot G-2/07 mini mechanical pencils from Amazon, and they are GREAT.  Don't waste your money on this product, and buy the Pilots instead. Junk!
This is the electric pencil sharpener issued by the Seattle School District to all classrooms. After three years, the experience taught me to appreciate the manual ones that were used by teachers for decades. Here is a listing of my complaints:.1. It chews up pencils fast..2. It breaks down after a one year usage..3. The District buys it at $25 each and provides one for every classroom. When it breaks down, the building suppose to buy replacements. Unfortunately because of reduced budgets, none are ever purchased. As a result, teachers use their own money and buy traditional manual pencil sharpeners. They are cheaper, durable, and more reliable than this electrical power device. After Using This, I Prefer a Manual Pencil Sharpener.
I don't expect highlighters to be super florescent but these don't even make an attempt. Green and blue are way to dark and make the highlighted text difficult to read. Not so bright.
the highlighting is so weak from these highlighters they are essentially unusable. Considering that Sharpie is usually the best brand for markers, I suspect these are drying out from shelf life.  I should have sent them back but was too overwhelmed by other pressures. Useless
As one of those people who "thumb through" my folders, I like the reinforcement along the top 1" edge of these folders. It keeps the folders standing up straight, for better visibility.But these folders....I've never seen such a mess.  I thought I was imagining things when I noticed they weren't sitting uniformly in my folders.  Now that I take them all out and look at them from several angles, I see that these folders are not all the same height! In fact, only one third of them are all the same height. The rest are within a 1/4 inch of each other up or town.Two folders are very roughly cut, which might indicate the "cutter" was off on the assembly line.  Or they haven't gotten all the kinks worked out for this product.As it is, I've wasted a sheet of labels and must re-start a tedious job.  I will give away these folders, as they are unusable for my purposes.Even if they hadn't been defective, I was shocked by how flimsy the paper is. Wasted my time and a bunch of labels; plus they're flimsy!
I picked up several of these when they were on sale because they were BIC.  The first one was nothing but a pain, and the tape kept breaking, much like a cassette tape and just as useless afterward (for those of us who remember cassettes).  I thought maybe it was just a problem with that particular one, but I've been through all of them, and they were all just as bad.  If I managed to make it halfway through without the tape breaking, the white stuff began to flake off the clear film on most of them also rendering them useless.  As much as I put the fluid type corrector at the bottom of my list, I'd rather use that than use these again.  Don't waste your money. Would never buy again
I've bought 4 of these now, and each one has malfunctioned after one or two uses. Nor am I able to put the things back together because they are so cheaply made. I will never buy another Bic Wite-out again, nor do I reccommend you waste your money. Wite-out never responds to complaints either. Pure Junk
Poor new design, it breaks, it has no screw for rewind. Tombo Mono is a better brand, it still has the screw for rewind. Bic has no way to open or adjust the tape. Breaks. Save your receipt for return
I use a lot of colored ink for my math homework notes and needed some correction tape so I blindly bought this off amazon for the good reviews.There were too many times where the tape would actually rip and shred while trying to use it. It would do this so much that I would go off on a tangent and try to go over the same spot again and again and again trying to get all the tape to work properly which it rarely did.I went to a local store to see if any other brands of correction tape was available and found a blue colored BIC correction tape. It worked beautifully. Very smooth and proper function where the tape doesn't shred and starts where you want it on the paper.I definitely recommend the BIC brand over this one. Save yourself the pain. Poor choice
I returned it twice, thinking that it was just a lemon...but this brand is not good.  Find another brand instead. twisted tape
This listing was posted as a pack (of 12)  sharpies, but was shipped as single sharpies. When customer support was contacted, they reported that Amazon made the listing mistake and they (the company) were not responsible for this error. The quality of the items were good, but overall this was a terrible experience. Disappointing
I've been trying to mark corrugated boxes for storage and the chisel point creates and inconsistent line on a corrugated box.  I'm sure it would be beautiful on poster board, but I don't need it for that.  I used to do calligraphy so I don't really think I have a problem with skill with a chisel point.  A lot of people use these markers for boxes and I would like to see the nice, neat lettering I'm actually writing with.  I've been using Sharpie King Size markers for years without a bit of trouble and I guess you can't get then now without the chisel point.  So, back to Marks-A-Lot. Disappointed with the chisel point
I was very disappointed with the plastic this is made from. If you were to open a box of cookies, the plastic in that is just as thick. It has one thin strip of double sided tape on the back to mount it. We returned ours and bought a magnetic basket to hold the markers. It cost less and was much nicer. Extremely Thin Plastic
I was really suprised that Swingline would make such a cheap product. First off I thought that the look of it was nice-it has a shiny look to it but then when I touched it I realized that it was made of some sort of cheap plastic. And even worse-when I loaded it with staples it kepts jamming. I tried using it for 2, 5, 10 and 15 pages(it claims that it can handle up to 15 per staple) and each time it jammed up even two pages!  I had to use a stapler removal to get the mangled staple out of my documents.Spend a little more and get one that won't jam as much as this piece of junk did!Skip! Cheap Stapler!
It seems like these staplers are getting more flimsy each year. This one has very light weight plastic and very lightweight metal. When you pick it up, it feels like a very low quality product. I did not get good results with it and am not happy with it. I would suggest spending a little more and getting a more solidly built model. Cheaply Made
I bought this because it says pink.  What i received is not pink.  It is not the purple one, either.  The part number is correct, but it is in between and very close to a purple sort of magenta.  It's not anything like the picture, and, yes, my monitor is color-calibrated so don't blame it on my screen.  If you are looking for pink, pass on this item. Not even close to pink
I bought this set of pens expecting them to write for a while before they dried up.  One pen out of a dozen wrote, and then only for a short time. It's like they had been out in the sun or something and just dried up.  I have never shipped anything back to Amazon, but these I returned.  I quickly got a credit for the return; I was impressed with the speed of the return and the fact I didn't have to pay return shipping.  Thanks Amazon for making good on a product that could have been a good one had it not been defective. eleven duds out of twelve
I was disappointed because I was expecting to get larger flags and they are about the size of a large paperclip. Boooooooo
ENOUGH TO WRITE YES OR NO!! THIS IS NOT FOR NOTES. TERRIBLE DESCRPITION OF THIS PRODUCT. WHY DON;T YOU SAY IT IS TINY PAPER. SAY IT AS YOU SEE IT. TOO SMALL
Electric staplers do not work as well and are not as reliable as manuals. They require electricity to work and fail after a year's usage. Buy a Manual Stapler.
papers MUST be pulled straight and taught with both your hands before it triggers. Sometimes you can get away with a one handed stapling but usually you sit there jamming it in and out 10+ times before it detects it.oh, and it is LOUD. Ridiculously loud piercing snap with a ring afterwards. The loudest thing that ever happens in the office is this stapler. the whole office can hear it. Tried dampening the noise with dynamat, didn't help at all.Staplers should be easy, not hard. This is simple stuff, I thought this was a premium product to make my office a bit nicer but no.I even tried buying "premium" staples that cost 5x as much and come in a special little tin, that didn't help. Tried cleaning it with q-tips, nothing works.donotbuy You have to use two hands!
I read the reviews but seeing the overwhelming amount of 5 star reviews, I took a chance and purchased this. I should have known better, this is NOT photo paper. Like everyone else, I agree this is nothing but card stock. The photos came out very rough looking and faded within a few months. Would not suggest purchasing this to anyone. Gonna let my kids use the rest for drawing! Not what I expected
I thought I could save money by printing some photos on this less expensive matte photo paper.  Big mistake.  Quality is so poor that  I'm ready to just dump it.  Can't figure what else to use it for. waste of money
As soon as I saw the box I noticed it had a water stain on it.Opened the box and half the folders were damp and smelled like cat Pee Pee!It did not happen in shipping! Need I say more. Pee Pee
I found this product very hard to use. To start the tape I had to struggle with the tape to get is started and lost a lot of tape in the beginning because it would not start properly and only half the tape came off. Then I had to struggle to keep the tape flowing as I taped a box together. Being a former Army wife I have moved many times and have used packaging tape more times than I would like to think about and this tape was the worst I have seen. It is too bulky, hard to start, hard to remove protective cardboard from blade. All in all I would not buy this tape dispenser again. HARD TO USE
These things were a pain.  I tried using the avery design suite... no luck, every time I printed it, it was all over the place.  Tried using the template in word...  a hot mess.  The templates just wouldn't line up.  I print on templates ALL THE TIME. These were the worst I've ever come across.The leftovers.... well... they will be great for the next yardsale, I'll use a pen, and write in the numbers.  Printing nightmare! Ugh!  I didn't know printing labels could make you crazy.
I asked my husband to buy me some packing tape today, and he brought home this product. He says he bought it because the outside label states, "packaging tape," at one spot and at another it proclaims, in big bold print, "SHIPPING." When you open up the plastic encasing the tape, you can also read another description, inside the cardboard "wheel" that the tape is mounted on: "Scotch Sealing Tape." This means that the company has offered three different names for one product and, unfortunately, none are an accurate description, because here is how this tape acts:1. When I tried to use the tape, I found it almost impossible to pry loose. Unlike every other packing tape I've used over the years, this brand doesn't have a colorful piece of light cardboard indicating the starting point and making it easy to unhook the tape.2. When I finally got the tape unhooked and started trying to remove from the cardboard wheel a strip to wrap around a package I needed to mail, it was so weak, it tore apart after only a few inches. This caused me the incredible aggravation of once again having to try and find the starting point of the tape. Worse, the tear was that awful kind where the tape splits apart in the middle, so it creates a narrow, jagged piece with a very skinny tip that is particularly hard to see the end of.3. Tape ripping to shreds like this is a clear indicator that it is so fragile, it is completely unsuitable as a packing tape. To give you an idea how frail it is, the tape I use in my office, of the 3/4-inch, clear variety, and even masking tape, are both far stronger than this tape.Because of these defects, I don't recommend this tape for any use whatsoever, and I myself am going to ask for a refund.By the way, the package states that this tape is, "Made in the USA," but since the company distributing the tape has made a false claim about this tape by calling it "shipping tape," perhaps this claim isn't true either. This tape is terrible for shipping
This tape ended up being worthless quality and all eight rolls I bought went into the garbage. My moving helpers and I were spending way too much time babysitting these rolls of tape, which were nearly impossible to pull off the roll. We drove to Home Depot and bought several packages of brand-name package sealing tape instead. Cheap junk that shouldn't even be sold
I read the negative reviews for this tape but since they were several months old, and the 3M company representative had responded to them, I took a leap of faith and hoped that Amazon's stock had been replaced and the problem resolved.Not so. I purchased four rolls of this tape, and so far one has absolutely NO adhesion, and the other I would rate as barely sticky. I got these for a little over two dollars a roll which was a great price, but I would have been fuming if I paid the $6-$7 these cost in retail stores and had the same problems.For a company like 3M, which generally sells some of the best products, to have such a lapse in QC and allow this type of inferior product to hit the market is sad. I will not be purchasing this tape again, or any 3M brand packaging tapes for a while, in the hopes that they correct this problem. Doesn't stick
This tape is strong and clear and doesn't curl up. That I like. But it is very hard to use in a dispenser gun because it is difficult to tear on the blade one-handed. Instead of tearing it just pulls out more and more tape until I have a piece much longer than I need and I have to tear it manually. So pros and cons.Update a few days later: worst tape I've ever used! Yes, it is strong and clear but it REFUSES to be cut in the tape gun. Maybe it is TOO strong! I have to manually cut it every time. I won't buy this stuff.Further update after using it numerous times: I can't believe all the great reviews! Worst packing tape I've ever used, and I've used TONS over many years. I will probably end up throwing them away and not even use them up due to the troublesome nature of this tape. Bad stuff!
I got two of these from my local Staples. Both were defective. The tabs for opening the top would not work. I actually had to search the internet to find out how they were supposed to open, as there were in instructions in the box. These came in the original packaging from 3M. Defective. Top Will Not Open
I was very excited to get this all in one machine.  It had all the features that I was looking for. When it printed the first test page (the one with the billiard balls), I was amazed and happy.  I researched this machine and read all the specs including estimated page counts for the print heads and ink cartridges.  Actual use comes no where near what they put in the specs.Then 1 month later I had to get more ink, no problem. Then it just kept eating ink. I have had this machine for about 1 year, and have printed less than 2,000 pages total. The ink is very expensive, and it goes through the printheads (which are more expensive than the ink) very frequently. I paid $450+ for this machine, and have already spent about $350 in ink and printheads.Plus, it has broken on me twice, and had to get it replaced.Plus, I experience the same fax problems (random error messages for no reason) that others report in these reviewsPlus, the customer support is AWFUL. And I mean awful, you will be less frustrated if you just threw your printer out the window.I bought HP because I thought its company and products were top notch.  Not the case here.I will never buy another HP Printer again.As a matter of fact, I am thinking of ditching this one because of the expense of mainenance. For the $350 it will cost me next year to maintain it, I may be better off buying a different printer. Expensive to use, and problematic 3 times over
Found out after I unwrapped everything that this printer doesn't work with Windows 2000 :(It's for Windoes XP and Macs (not sure which one)only after calling support.What a waste of time. This printer is for Windows XP
The design is all wrong!  If you want to go from page 1 to page 35 or page 50 or page 100, be prepared not to pop the hinges and mess up the whole binder.  Just horrid and I wish I had returned while I still could.  Got a 3&#34; from OfficeMax that has ROUND hinges and no problems...  Extreme couponer.  esdw Worst binder ever
Ok I hate to write negative reviews but these envelopes have very poor glue on the peel and stick side. I'm putting a piece of scotch tape on everything to make sure they stay shut which kind of defeats the purpose of buying &#34;Grip-Seal&#34; which don't really grip that well. kinda not that good
I dislike intensely rulers that don't start at zero.  This one has about 1/8" at either end before the measurements start.  I guess this is just a lazy way of making rulers to low tolerances.  The model it relaced "R590-15 was exactly 15" long and started and ended on the mark.  Just can't see this with the picture, so I ordered it without knowing this. Doesn't start at Zero
Cross has been the maker of fine writing instruments for decades. So what happened to the quality of their refills? I purchased a fine-point two-pack for the twist pen expecting exceptional quality, and what I get is a refill that blobs ink all over my document. I guess I'll retire my Cross pen. I get better performance from a Pilot G2 Extra fine point gel pen - two for under $3. Blobs of ink
does not work at all  not work at alldoes not work at all cant tell u what the problem is I mean its a friggen stapler and I thought paying more money would guarentee something that worked --now I will have to use the one my mom swiped from work -It works plus has her name written on it so I will have to watch my ps and qs. does not work at all
Another sad example of Chinese junk!!! The stapler made famous by its legacy on American desks and the movie Office Space is... dead. This piece of junk was cracked because it was made of plastic, and stapled once because it's mechanism was cheap metal that jammed. It's not even good enough for a paperweight because the color isn't even correct or uniform! Take my advice, either pay for the standard metal stapler, made somewhere else if possible, or hold on to the one you've got. By the way, tried ordering a replacement, which Amazon promptly sent, only to receive another POS that was in even worse condition! Avoid, Avoid, Avoid!!!! Cheap Chinese Crap!!!
The idiots who designed this made it with no clip on the cap, which I need to carry it in my pocket.Probably designed in a third world country where they don't have pockets in what few clothes they own.It doesn't say where the product was actually made. About half of the package is in some foreign language, not English.Now I know not to buy Newell Rubbermaid products (who makes Sharpies). What were they thinking?
I got this to write my mom's name on her dark clothing items.  I was expecting it to write like my black ones. It doesn't write well at all on fabric, so I was very disappointed. And, in addition to the tip not being firm enough while trying to write on fabric, it definitely is not writing in a fine line as the black ones I have do - it is almost like a wide point, that's how far off it is. smushy tip on fabric
My husband is self-employed here at our home and was in a better position to test this item than I was, as I have to have my legs propped up at all times while sitting. Well he tried it out and felt it to be a very dangerous item as it got in the way and was easy to trip over, etc. Adjusting it for your own particular needs, he also felt to be complex and too difficult for someone sitting in a regular office without all the tools that he has handy. I'm not sure what he did with it, but it sure isn't under his feet. Dangerous
Very thin and flimsy plastic.  Dropped them.  Several cracked and the lead in the others broke into pieces.  What a waste. Whatever you do, don't drop it
I've used many three ring binders in my life and this is by far the cheapest in quality of any I've ever used.  Being that I am not keen on leaving a single star review for products, always trying to find redeeming qualities, this is one of the rare products that really is not worthy of purchase unless it can be found at a dollar store and you are desperate for a matte white binder.  Mine arrived with some dirt inside the rear cover's clear sheet and I cannot for the life of me get it out.  Because the material is so thin and flimsy, I will not try any more for fear of tearing it.  The corners of the binder are each already bent and the cardboard structure is clearly less sturdy than any of the other binders I currently have in my home or office.  The 1 1/2 inches of this binder will hold more papers than I would trust to be protected by this binder.  With a basic round three ring hardware attached to the rear of the cover, I expect that a full binder would fall apart very quickly.  I cannot with a clear conscience recommend this binder. If you care about your binder, look at others
I read the reviews and they were excellent. However, this tape will not tear on my tape dispenser. All others do. I like the clearness but still find them unusable. Find another product. Not too Great
I purchased this Hammermill glossy flyer paper for the convenience of Amazon, the Hammermill name, and other reviews.  However, On my Canon inkjet printer, the color comes out quite dull and not true to what's on your screen.  I had used Staples glossy brochure and flyer paper in the past with good results, so I decided to go ahead and purchase some more at Staples -- the difference is amazing.  The Staples paper is true to color and bright.  The exact same picture with the exact same settings on the Hammermill -- not true to color and not bright.Perhaps it is just not the right paper for a Canon injet (ip6600).  All I know is, I won't be purchasing this brand again.As far as purchasing from Amazon, it came in 2 days with Amazon Prime, as always. Dullsville on a Canon Printer
This looked so cheap that I sent it back as soon as possible. It looked like loose plastic on the outside and the inside was nothing special. Ugh!! Awful
I am a big fan of Cambridge notebooks but this pad-folio is less than functional. For starters, the outer material looks cheap. It has the wavy appearance that comes with faux-leather that hasn't been pulled tight before sewing the seams. Furthermore, the zipper pocket feels like it will rip if I don't handle the zipper pull with surgeon like precision. The sticky note slot is a neat idea in theory but ends at that - it only has enough space available for about 15 sticky notes so don't dream of loading a whole sticky notepad in there. I wasn't really surprised either when my standard sized business cards didn't fit in the business card slots. Don't waste your money. Poor quality with mediocre functions
Creating the transfer is easy--the instructions are simple to follow and they work. However, after the first wash (delicate cycle in a front-loader, cold water, hang to dry), the ink starts washing off and the edges start to become frayed. Also, the image itself starts to become crinkled! Maybe hand washing is what's needed but that's not something the instructions call for. In fact, it says you can machine wash & dry--clearly, you can't. Transfers start fading and peeling after first wash.
It should not be this hard to peel.It does not peel.It should be easy.I threw the bag of sheete in the trash. Waste of money. Horrible, cannot peel
I have tried TWO HP laserjet compatible toner cartridges for my HP Laserjet 1018 and both were substandard and had to be returned for a refund to different companies.  One froze my printer as soon as I put it in.  The other printed unevenly.  I now will only purchase ORIGINAL HP toner cartridges for my machine. Compatible toner catridges no comparison to original - learned hard way!
title says it all. Don't know if I'm going to get 1,000 or 1,500 or even 2,000 pages from this toner replacement but the way I see it, $10 is more than worth it for any of those quantities. I have an HP LaserJet 1012 - no color, duplex or multiple uses other than straight B&W; printing. HP (thru Staples or their own website) wants $80 PLUS tax. It's a simple laserjet for simple printing - if this is what you have, you can't go wrong with this product IMHO.**UPDATE** less than 1 month and 50 pages later, streaks and blank areas on every sheet. Yes, I'm shaking it. PLUS, the original seller is no more as they changed names presumably secondary to all the bad press. I have to go with an OEM product here to get my money's worth, I guess. Too bad - I reviewed this too soon. Excellent, inexpensive, replacement toner
I bought a HP desktop seven years ago.  The day after the warranty expired, I called in a problem that had been chronic.  HP refused to honor its warranty and instead sent me to India, where people were in training.  Ultimately, they convinced me to reformat the disk even though I was convinced it was a hardware problem.  They didn't advise me to buy a new disk, which I should have done.I had been using the hp backup utility.  It seems to be an overlay on microsoft, but when I tried to restore the files, it failed.  The process to get back what I could was arduous.I complained about this up to the top of their pecking order, who told me to get lost.  I resolved to never ever buy anything from them again.A couple of weeks ago, my hp1020 printer paper catch broke.  I had bought this printer before the computer failed, and it has worked well for more than four years. I went online to see how to replace the cheap chinese plastic paper receiver.  HP customer service sent me in circles.  Ultimately, they don't support their product. HP customer service is worst ever.
I have had this printer for about 15 months now, and I print only on Canon paper. The colors are always either too yellow or too magenta (even b&w; images have a color cast!), and Canon's own reps could not figure out why or help resolve the problem. I printed on regular computer paper, and the colors were fine. It also doesn't print with the densities shown on my original files. My images look exactly right on my computer and print beautifully when I send them to a lab, and I'm an advanced amateur photographer. In other words, I know well enough what I'm doing, so it's not operator error but a printer problem (which Canon agrees on). My mother, who is an artist, had recommended this printer to me, but she began to see a color cast as well and replaced it with an HP printer that's dead on.When I originally bought this printer, everyone's reviews said to only use Canon paper to get the best quality, but I'd have to disagree. I'm not sure whether to waste money on buying a different brand of paper and trying that, or just buy a different printer, but this one gets a thumbs down from me. What a waste of $200. colors always off
Technical Details sayBrand Name AveryItem Weight 2.6 ouncesProduct Dimensions 7 x 4.8 x 0.8 inchesItem model number 24063Color AssortedNumber of Items 1Size Pack of 4Ink Color Fluorescent Yellow, Fluorescent Green, Fluorescent Pink and Fluorescent OrangeManufacturer Part Number 24063however the packaging does not say fluorescent anywhere, they are just normal highlightersI have an old original one that is out of ink and that one clearly says fluorescent and dennison on top of the word hi-literthis one says made in mexico, the original says made in the USAslight difference in shade of color in the plastic as wellthe two are identical in shape and size look identical but does not match Technical Details
It's so slippery, my laser mouse didn't work at all. There's little tactile feedback, it just feels like you're gliding across fake marble or something. Very very uncomfortable. Ended up throwing it away, basically. Horrible.
For $30 this is a waste of money. What I like is the concept. The legs fit into the desk and you slide the cover over the desk and everything fits for travel perfectly. However, the quality of the material is poor as well as the way it all fits together. Every time I've used the table it wobbles. It won't hold a computer or project securely. I would not put anything over the weight of 2lbs on this thing. After it fell over with the projector on it I had to use two boxed on a chair to prop the projector up. Concept good, but look for something better if you are considering this. You won't be happy. Won't stand up straight and falls over
You buy used and you take your chances.  The item broke down almost immediately after purchase.  The vendor was willing to replace it, but I decided additional shipping charges and another used unit were not worth the risk.  I bought a new printer instead. You buy used and you take your chances.
When you read many reviews, you can easily see that the "one-star" ratings are usually by people who don't read the instructions, or possibly just can't understand them.  I've read all of the one-star ratings on this R-200 now and I totally agree with them.  No I'm not a printer expert, but I've owned a lot of different brands of printers and this is by far the worst, though not the most expensive.My dad had an Epson b&w; printer in the 90's and each time I had to use it, I would laugh and laugh at how it took such a long time when you turned it on to get ready to print: grunting, groaning, clicking, whirring... over and over for literally minutes.  I swore I'd never buy an Epson printer, though some of their other products are useable.But... silly me... when it was time to replace my nice HP printer simply because I wanted something that would do a perfect job on "photographs", I fell prey to Epson's claim to top quality.  It really didn't dawn on me that the unit would be virtually the same feed and cleaning mechanism as my father's old piece of junk.  I hated it from the beginning.  Photos were NOT photo quality, it took ages and ages to start printing, and it ate ink like a famished muppet monster.  If you don't print regularly, the ink cartridges (there's 6 total, each costing big bucks from Epson) dry up on the outputs, and even though you can shake them and hear the slosh, they don't work.  If you buy non-Epson cartridges you get a warning that you are voiding your warranty when you use them, even though they do work fine, and some last much longer than Epson's.But now after 3 years I've had enough of this expensive POC so I'll have to gamble on some other brand... it will definitely never, never, never be another Epson, I don't care if President Obama puts his picture on the front of it, and God blesses it himself, I will not buy it.One point I can make to those of you stuck with this piece of junk:  If you leave it turned on 24/7 it doesn't go through all of the initial bracketybrack setup routine.  But it still dries up and won't work, even if you're just printing black, if you have run out of cyan or yellow, it WILL NOT WORK until you buy more cartridges to allow to dry out.  It's a total scam and believe me, you will be sorry... maybe your initial impression will be good, but just wait... you'll see.UPDATE 9/30/12:OK so I dawdled around and didn't order the new printer until today.  I am doing a government application for immigration visa for my wife, and that requires mounds of printing and copying.  Today I needed to print out my bank statement for the last year, and when I went to the bank site, it said they are changing the system on the 3rd and I'll only have the past ONE month available... so of course I want to print this immediately.  My printer had been moved a few days ago and it's been turned off during that time, so I reluctantly started fiddling with it to make it come on properly. About 20 or 25 times I turned it on and off and all I get are blinking lights.  I did every trick I've ever done before, unplugging and sloshing the cartridges, going to the cartridge cleaning and nozzle check software... nothing at all worked.  So I go back and read all of these ONE STAR reviews again, and of course they're all having the same problems.  I choke back the urge to drop an atomic bomb on the Epson Headquarters and I look for the best printer (non-Epson) that I can afford, and order a Hewlett Packard OJPRO8100 Wireless Color Printer which has an abundance of good reviews and only a few 3-star reviews, no negatives... $110 compared to over $200 for the Epson (not counting the $200 or so I've spent on ink cartridges to replace cartridges that still contained ink).  Then I read one more review on the Epson 200, which said something about unplugging the power cord to reset the interlocks.  Well that shouldn't work, because that's what always causes the problems... but I tried it and bingo, suddenly the printer works as good as it ever did (marginal and slow).  At least I managed to print my bank statement.  Wish I could bill Epson for all of the hours and hours I've spent trying to make this stupid piece of junk work! I've kept this item more than 3 years, but....
I bought this for the DVD disc printing using a Mac G4 laptop.  Ready to put cool disc art on my amazing lttle films.  But hu uh.  NO LUCK.  SPENT HOURS FRETTING OVER EVERY STEP, BUT NOTHING.  TRAY JUST VIBRATES IN THE SLOT. BACKS IN AND OUT WITH MY BLANK DISC.  THEN RED LIGHTS ON THE PRINTER FLASH IN MOCKERY.  Hate this Epson non DVD print disabled fraud.  Love the Mac, though.  This is a new, out of the box model.  And there's no help for the problem.  Under menu HELP it actually says "No help available."  Boy, that chutzpah.I'm not new to printers or settting up software.Beware buyer.  Don't be a sucker. A PIECE OF JUNK  -- CD/DVD WON'T WORK
I've given this phone more than a fair trial. I've purchased this and 5825 phones three times. (The 5825 has no answering device but identical handsets.) All of their identical handsets have malfunctioned immediately or eventually. The first time one of the screens lost contrast and became unreadable. The last two times the handset became inoperable after being left off of the cradle for several hours. None of the buttons would respond until the phone was recradled for a moment. (This would happen even after the batteries were fully charged.)I returned the first two for refunds, but the third time I sent a message to VTech's online "support." Their email response was: "Due to the nature of your inquiry, your request would have to be handled by a representative who will provide you with the more detailed information." But when I called the "tech support" number provided I infuriatingly discovered that they only have automated tech support when you select the support phone menu option. So, I called the sales number and the rep said they are trying out this new automated approach to "tech support." That is, they have decided to ditch genuine support.I asked to speak to a sales supervisor and he said that they have had other complaints about the inoperable handsets. He offered to send me replacement handsets, saying that he thought they have fixed the issue. Which brings up the obvious question: why are they still permitting retailers to sell units that VTech knows have defects? I've only had this one for a week. Shouldn't those defective phones be recalled? The supervisor's only response was to chuckle nervously.So, while these phones have good talk time and audio quality, and respectable features, I can't recommend them since they are highly prone to defects and the company has such a laughable excuse for support. Third time not charming. Defects and lousy support
Using these labels has been nothing but trouble, producing shoddy results and labels that peel away from the CD/DVD. As for the formatting and printing process, it was even worse. We tried downloading their software for Mac online and followed all the directions. It was fairly straightforward, so we finished everything and went to print it. What happened next? THEY WANTED MONEY. IT WOULD NOT PRINT WITHOUT A WATERMARK UNLESS YOU PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE. After ALREADY BUYING their product, there was a HIDDEN COST. We wasted time putting everything together only to find we would have to come up with a work-around. That work-around took a tremendous amount of time, and again, had mediocre results because of formatting issues as well as the matte finish (the paper feels kind of rough and cheap, worse than some basic printing papers). The initial price of these labels is a trick. They seem cheap, but they have hidden costs and the labels themselves don't even stick, sometimes nearly ruining people's drives. BAD, BAD, BAD. DO NOT BUY--hidden costs and labels peel off
...Give me a break!Just out of curiousity, I bought a 5.8 GHz cordless at a local store and compared it to my trusty, twenty-dollar 900MHz Uniden.Guess what?The two phones sounded PRETTY MUCH THE SAME, in fact the 900MHz one was actually a little clearer in some parts of the house.I will say though, the 5.8GHz phone does sound better than the disastrous 2.4GHz Uniden I bought and returned last year. But this one's going back too...why pay more for what is basically the same performance?Again: DON'T BELIEVE THE ADVERTISING B.S. !!!!I'm giving this phone 1 star not for its actual performance, but for the absolutely shameless advertising HYPE around it.(This is kind of like a 3.0GHz PC compared to a 1.2GHz PC: with 90% of commonly used applications, their performance is virtually identical...only you'll pay a lot more for the bigger number GHz.) SUCKERS of the world, unite!
This is probably a fine label machine for most computrs, but it wouldn't work with my new Vista operating system.Brother's customer service representative put forth great effort to do what was needed to make the driver function. After three phone sessions with Brother, the driver did work; sort of. Yes the label printer worked, but then my printer/copier wouldn't.I suppose that I fiddled with it for over an hour by myself, and then almost that long in company with a Brother Tech Support person. I must say that the Brother telephone support people were really great. They seemed to know what they were talking agout. They were patient and really tried to get the thing working properly.After I found that what had been done for the Brother machine messed up the operation of my Canon printer/copier I decided enough was enough, and the label printer is now landfill somewhere. Beware if you have a VISTA operating system
I run a small business and had finally worn out my HP G85 OfficeJet and was looking for a replacement all-in-one for my home office. This was not it.This is my second go around with this specific printer. I returned the first one because I thought I had a lemon. I was mistaken, they are just that bad.Printer consistently jams if you try to print multiple documents. You can't see the jam because there is not one. You just press 'OK' like you had actually cleared something and it will start printing again.It will not receive incoming faxes from certain types of fax machines. And yes, that was verified by HP support.It will not work on any type of VOIP service. This was also verified by HP support.And on & on .....I cringed every time I selected 'File--->Print. If the printer were to have burst into flames and melted down to the very core of the planet I would not have been the least suprised.Anyhow, I have thrown it in the trash. About 200 bucks down the tubes but it was more than worth it to avoid the daily frustration of dealing with this printer. The worst printer ever
I have always been an HP fan and have owned 7 HP printers over the years, including 3 Laserjets.  Until this one, I would have highly recommended HP but it appears HP has abandoned their loyal customers and is now producing garbage.  I have had this all-in-one for 9 mo. and have yet to get it to scan more than once.  After countless hours installing, re-installing on 2 different PCs, using HPs support website, tech support and even their senior tech support who sent me a new printer, it won't work.  My last call involved 3+ hours on the phone dissecting my registry after which I was told I had operating system problems.  From day one, the software locked up when I tried to scan.  HP insists it will work on a clean install.  So yesterday, I started with a new hard drive, installed Windows XP but nothing else and then the printer driver.  It works -- once!  Then I installed Office XP and after that it locks up the first time I try to scan.  I will never, ever buy another HP product!!!  After reading the reviews here and elsewhere, it is certain that this software is crap, as is the 6210.  Half the people who write reviews have had problems with this overpriced paperweight.  Stay FAR, FAR away!!!  HP are you reading this???  Check case ID 6300331720.  That's only one of 3 case IDs I have.  If I billed you for all my time trying to make this 6210 work, I could buy a color laser printer! Total Garbage stay away!
I have the OfficeJet 6110 All-in-One for just over a year. It worked well for several months and I was very pleased with the purchase. But when I bought a new HP desktop (my old one was also an HP desktop), problems started happening. It took me days and millions of phone calls, the problem still persists. Here's what I figured out in the process about HP products:1. HP's own printers and computers don't work together. Duplicate software get installed and conflict with each other.2. HP's printer support staff do NOT talk to the computer support staff. When software conflicts start--all HP software, one has to figure out on one's own where the problems are before calling them. Otherwise, while various technical support staff try to diagnose the problem, more problems will happen as various drivers get deleted and re-installed.3. Once an HP's software (my experience is mostly with HP printers) is installed, one can NOT get rid of it by uninstalling it. HP provides a "software cleanup utility", which must be run several times (with re-start in between) before actual de-install completes (if then). Often times, one has to manually get into various directories to delete folders. If one's desktop happens to be an HP as well, then good luck figuring out whether a particular HP folder should be deleted or kept. Sometimes one has to make changes in the registry in order to totally get rid of HP software. Hard to believe, but it's true.4. If you run into problems with this printer, don't call for support. And absolutely do not use their chat line (staffed by entry level technicians). Now and then I get a good HP support staff, but mostly they are reading over some generic manual on their end and give you adivce that is, at best, useless. It may work well----for some time--if you are lucky
first off, this is not what i paid for. I paid $10 to get a package of markers that only half of them work, and the colors are different than shown in pic. Though they might be &#34;new in package&#34; they are OLD and DRIED UP.  5 of the 12 dont even work, the rest are okayish but did not get colors shown. most are neon colored and hard to see anyway. SAVE YOUR MONEY, I WOULD SHOP SOMEWHERE ELSE&#62; NOT as described- dried, neon colors, not ones in pic
-0 Star Rating...This printer is the worst piece of junk ever produced. I knew that HP printers never last more than a couple of years, but I expected this one to last more than 4 months. Boy, was I wrong.I got a "Replace Right Cartridge" error (just like numerous other reviewers). Wasted several hours on chat, had to call the 800 number. They sent me a "refurbished" unit almost 10 days later. I opened it, installed it right out of the box and it is DEAD! Couldn't even print one page. Wasted another couple hours on chat and with tech support...I am dumping this printer and will sue HP if I have to, in order to get a refund. Will buy anything else but an HP for the rest of my life...BE WARNED: DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER!!! RUN AWAY! DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER
I put two package opening tools on my Amazon Wish List recently, and two very kind folks gave them to me after recent hand problems left me struggling to open anything more complicated than a banana.The OpenX arrived today, sealed improbably in a clamshell. I took out theZibra Open-It ZPCOPEN-GZ 5-in-1 Package Openerthat had arrived last week to cut open the clamshell. Once the package was half-open, I pulled out the OpenX, and attempted to follow the directions on the remaining clamshell edge.The OpenX states, cut a 1" slit, then "push and slide to get inside" (eeuw, I couldn't make up these directions).  The problem is that the blade jerks, and flies out of position, then you try again, and it makes another jagged cut. This leaves a perfect opportunity to get cut by that nasty clamshell plastic.I had a friend with normal hand strength try it - he wasn't able to achieve any better result - the tool bucked and stalled, then flew out of position. We concluded that this isn't a safe or useful tool - far from my experience with the excellent Open-It. Dangerous - if you can even open the package it comes in!
This review is from: Smead Expanding File, Custom Printed Stock, Open Top, Jan-Dec Index, 12x10 Inch (70488) (Office Product)Vine Customer Review of Free Product (What's this?)I gave this product 1 star for a specific reason:Don't tell me something is &#34;leather-like&#34;, and then send me a product that is made 100% of paper products. The only thing &#34;leather-like&#34; about this product is that they printed a pattern on a piece of paper and then glued it to both sides of the folio. I won't reward a misleading product description in any way.Further, they made a design mistake on how they apply the &#34;skin&#34; they think makes it look &#34;leather-like&#34;. There IS a reinforcing material at the bottom corners of the file. However, the &#34;skin&#34; was glued on last, over the top of the corner reinforcement. It won't be very long at all before the glued down paper starts to separate at the corner, either from humidity or general wear. When that happens it will spread, and eventually the file will look pretty bad.I also think that the file should have been made just a touch wider. It is OK if all you want to do is dump receipts and pieces of paper into it. However, should you want to further organize your dividers by putting file folders into it, that is an issue. While you can get a file folder to slide into it, it is not at all convenient to do so, and it has to squeeze into the wider part of the section, where the accordion side is at its widest. If you want to put a few file folders in it, you'll be out of luck. Even making this 1/8th inch wider would have eliminated that problem. If you've ever put receipts into a file like this, and then tried digging around blind in the bottom trying to find and grasp them, you'll appreciate how much easier it is to have them in a regular file folder that you can slide into one of these and then just pull it back out with the full contents.They make the claim that each pocket expands to 7/8ths inch. Maybe in their dreams. Yes, if you virtually pull the product apart to fully expand one pocket, sticking your hand all the way in to assist in flattening out the bottom, you could get it to extend to 7/8ths of an inch. It wouldn't stay there, nor could you conceivably expand EVERY pocket to that width.I've had a similar accordion file from Globe Weiss for years which has a higher quality glossy exterior, IS wide enough to easily slide a file folder into, and has a fold over top which closes with velcro ... to keep you from accidentally spilling the contents of your file should you accidentally knock the thing off your desk. I would purchase that accordion file product over and over again and never consider this one in a direct comparison, and both are essentially the same price. Misleadingly advertised
Despite being very happy with my HP Officejet 7310, the ink has turned out to be a painful expense.  In the past six months, I have gone through three of these cartridges. I hate to single HP out, but the entire inkjet industry is guilty of fighting price transparency with inexpensive printers and inflated ink.  This is not to mention the constant changing of ink cartridges models. Does HP really need 200 different models of ink cartridges?  No. It would, in fact, be much cheaper to consolidate the cartridge offerings.  However, this would lead to excessive duplication and remanufacturing by third parties.What is particularly amusing, and perhaps offensive to some, is the enclosed "recycling" envelope that comes with new HP ink cartridges. This prepaid envelope, with the empty cartridge, goes back to HP so that it can demonstrate its environmental leadership. Of course, HP doesn't want the empty cartridges to go back into the hands of companies that refill and remanufacture them. Although I haven't done the calculations, I would assume the transportation and handling costs would actually do more harm than good to the environment. My suggestion is to fill the prepaid envelope with torn up remains of the consumer packaging that comes with the cartridges. Nice Ink at a Grossly Inflated Price
As an early feminist with nearly 40 years of work history in Silicon Valley, enduring discrimination, misconceptions, glass ceilings, and harassment, I have accumulated life experiences and education and skills (and a few extra lbs. too) to the extent that I am quite certain I cannot be squeezed into the economical 1" binder. And why does it have to be black anyway? So that we "women in binders" can be shelved neatly and forgotten, eventually to be packed up and sent away to Datasafe? I think not. I demand a 5" D-Ring binder with multiple index tabs and sturdy pockets and it needs to be fluorescent pink so that I can be bright and visible - it's about time! I deserve the biggest, boldest binder that Avery makes. I am not going to allow myself to be stuffed quietly into a nondescript economy version skinny black binder. We "women in binders" must unite to get what we deserve. A Woman of Substance Will Not Fit In This Binder
I purchased this item July 18th and finally got it today. When I put in a pencil nothing happened, I tried 2 other outlets which were both working and nothing. I should have listened to the other reviews and stayed away from what they called junk.X-Acto 1744 Heavy-Duty Electric Pencil Sharpener, Black, 1 Unitupdate nov. 15th 2012 had replacement sharpener for months now works fine. waited long time just to be disappointed
This has 1/2 the tape of 3m/scotch available at sams club.  I mean VERY LITTLE tape actually exists on this dispenser Very little tape on roll
I bought some of this brand of tape to save some money compared to that other leading famous brand of clear sealing tape.  What I got were rolls of tape that looked the same but were brittle.  That means that the tape split as I was pulling it off the roll, making me pick at the strip still sticking to the roll and starting it over.  I wasted so much time with this tape that I made up my mind to pay extra and buy that other leading brand that I never had this problem with.The only way I can qualify this review is that perhaps the rolls I got were too old to be sold.  Perhaps they had been in storage too long.  But after what I've been through using this tape, I can't bring myself to buy it again. Brittle and sticks to itself. What an ordeal.
All I can do is second the reviewer who wrote &#34;Do not buy this tape if you value your sanity.&#34;  It is almost impossible to use due to constant shredding whenever the roll needs to be re-started.  Even setting aside the hair-pulling level of frustration involved in working with it, the shredding wastes a ton of the tape -- you end up having to throw out feet and feet of it in order to get back to a full-width piece and start working again.  This is just a horrible product, worse than some of the no-name store brands I've tried.  I'll be sticking withScotch brand packaging tapefrom now on, and I regret buying even one roll of the Duck. Unbelievably annoying, almost unusable
Ink is all dried out and faded.Have to press HARD into the paper to make a definitive mark.No wonder these are all on sale and filling up all the aisles in dollar stores.Because they suck!Zebra name but worse than cheapy no name stick pens. Junk
I wish I could give these pens a good review - I think they are so nice looking, they have a good grip, and I like how they write. However, I consistently have difficulty actually keeping them writing. Multiple pens in the pack have abruptly given up working within a week of being purchased. I can see there is plenty of ink in the barrel, but nothing comes out. Very frustrating. Pretty, not functional
I poured 128 fluid ounces of Tuscan Whole Milk into this and it leaked all over my fridge.A poor quality product! Leaky!
After reading other reviews, I too purchased this binder expecting hold my women.  I was greatly disappointed.  I'm starting to think this binder only holds women 1% of the time.  The other 99% of the time it tries to make me eat the pink slime (I refuse), tells me that my college degree is elitist, dips into my retirement fund to feed undeserving billionaires, and keeps cleaning the dishes long after I finish.Save yourself some money and hold onto your women some other way. Poorly designed
This was to be a replacement for the one I lost. The pen that was sent me was second hand at best, like they are sending out the rejects and calling them "new". The parts on this pen did not match in color, many different shades of red, streaks in the bottom barrel enamel finish. There is no way this is a first run, top quality item even though it is falsely advertised as one. Clearly this is a reject from the company that did not meet the requirements that is being passed of as brand new. I would not recommend buying this item as such, you will likely get a second run inferior pen. Sent crap second hand product.
I was so excited to see these cute colors on sale. I got them to use on the easel in my first grade classroom. I was really happy that they had magnets. The magnets did not support the weight of the marker. No biggie, I just kept them on the easel ledge. I wouldn't have minded that if they'd only worked. First Day of School came! My brand new markers would look so beautiful on my white board easel...if they weren't all dry. The yellow was the only marker that wasn't almost entirely dry, but the color was so light the children couldn't see it. My six cute markers went into the trash on day one and I pulled out a blue expo. Ho Hum, right? No wonder they were on sale
The Quartet ReWritables Mini Dry-Erase Marker set is a great concept but poorly executed.Pros:None that I can think of...  Oh.  How about this:  The black marker writes dark enough that it can be read from across the room.  Whooo Hooo!And, wow, I just thought of another one: The erasers work!  Stunning accolades, for sure.Cons:The yellow might as well be invisible, and the rest of the colors are too pale to be read from more than a few feet away. As I noted above, the only marker that can be read from a distance is the black.The magnets are so weak that they are close to being useless.  I have aQuartet ReWritables Daily Quick Liston my refrigerator door, along with the black marker.  When the door is closed the marker slides down the door and drops onto the floor.  I tested the magnets on the other markers and they were just as bad. The only solution that I can see is to super-glue a decent magnet to the black marker.Disappointing, to say the least.Update, June 2014: Even after I glued the magnet to the black marker, I was still not happy with it.  Within a very short time the color in the marker faded, as if it was already running out of ink.  I ditched the set and replaced it withLow-Odor Dry Erase Markers, Ultra-Fine Point, Assorted Colors, Set of 8. Skip this, get a good set of markers and super-glue magnets to them
I previously gave the markers four stars, but after using them for a longer amount of time, I'm giving them one star.  Like I said in my previous review, the colors are too light, and they are also pretty tiny.  If you keep your board on the refrigerator like I do, then the markers will fall off if you shut the door.  The blue one fell off one day, and the magnet broke off.  What REALLY made me mad and why I'm giving this a one-star rating is that it permanently stained my board.  I've tried using the erasers, I've tried using water and scrubbing at it with a paper towel, but the marker stains just won't come off!  I'm very upset.  Now, I have to buy a new dry erase board! Causes permanent stains
This is a good little fax machine, however, you cannot fax very large quanites at once. I would say no more than 10, which is fine if it is not being used as your only fax. It does fax quickly and is very easy to use.******Update*********DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. Shell out the extra money to get something better, I would not recommend a brother fax machine. Ever. The ribbon goes out after making maybe 20 copies, which takes forever, by the way. I will be trying to get my money back. As I said before, you can fax up to ten pages, sometimes. When this piece of junk has a mind to, or so it seems. I bought a Cannon 3-in-1 fax, printer, scanner and love it! So worth the extra money! This fax machine is not even reliable, because it says the fax goes through, but then it actually does not. This happened to me on more than one occasion. You have been warned!!!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.P.S.Here's an added nugget. Brother customer service will NOT assist you when they find out you have non-brother replacement part. Example, a non brother ink or non brother drum. While I did not call Brother customer service with this fax, the brother printer I had would not install properly to my computer, and once they knew I had a non Brother ink cartridge in, they refused to help me. They said they could not guarantee that the printer would function properly, without a brother ink. If you have looked at prices for Brother brand ink and other printer replacements, you can see why one would look elsewhere. And they WILL find out that you have a replacement. I did not volunteer the information, but they verify serial numbers on some parts before they will proceed with assistance. So Brother refused to help me with a non-printing related issue basically because they want you to shell out your hard earned $$$$$ for their JUNK. UPDATE 12/18/13
Being used on a Mac. Not a smooth operating printer; loud [who cares as long as it prints], must use exactly the right paper or it clogs up and then you have the devil to pay. Tip over the machine, engage in a treasure search for the offending paper to find where it stuck, yank it out,  reboot and watch the red light, and watch and wait. Highly sensitive and unforgiving; have not even tried to network it.  What is the right weight of paper is anyone's guess. Heavier, better. Oportet vos: beware !
This printer is the biggest ink hog I have ever seen. It wastes all of the ink colors even if you are only printing black text. It cannot be made to print black text if it is out of ink in any of its colors. It pumps its ink out in a ritual cleaning process that you cannot limit. My favorite problem is that it has trouble grabbing a sheet of paper from the hopper. The message is "media out or not loaded correctly" will be displayed and there is no fix for it. I can have fresh paper in it and after printing several sheets in secession it will miss feed and after several miss feeds it will get back to printing. We need a lemon law for this printer. Epson R1800, The Reason Office Windows Won't Open
I purchased this item believing it to be fully compatible with Mac OS X.  However, I was unable to get it to work at all under Mac OS X 10.4.6--nothing but chittering feedback sounds.  I emailed the manufacturer directly about the problem, and they responded, "Unfortunately we do not currently have a timeline for MAC OS X 10.4.6 support. We are sorry if your OS is OS X 10.4.6 and would like to suggest that you return the MV100 to the retailer where you purchased the MV100."  Disappointing! Not compatible with Mac OS X 10.4.6
The paper used in these envelopes is cheap and flimsy. When I pulled one envelope out of the box it drooped on both sides of my fingers.  These are not worth anything and do not suit my needs. Think before purchasing. Not 24 lb Paper
So i read all the negative reviews but I said to myself, how could any company design a bad sharpener after decades of sharpeners right?  Well, guess what? This is absolutley the worst sharpener i've ever encountered, but at the same time it looks great!  so if you want a 2 pound paper weight then go right ahead and buy this : )I opened the box, pluged it in.. first off there is only one blade, and you'd think that sould be enough rihgt?  well, it turns out, it only sharpens one side of the pencil exposing the lead tip.... so you figure you could just rotate while you sharpen right? but you can't because you have to push so hard that the pencil will slip out of your fingers.. what a pain. So after trying this for 5 pencils, on my 6th pencil (none of the tips were cut correctly) it stapped sharpening pencils all together! So i returned it.  I'm gonna fork over about $50 for a double blade sharpener like I should have to begin with.Don't say you wasen't warned. Wow, how could anyone mess up a pencil sharpener?
The Good:It's powerful. And it's quiet, for a pencil sharpener. So it lives up to that part of its promise.The Bad:It's hard to keep pencils from spinning as I hold them in the sharpener. The motor and blades aggressively shake the pencil from side to side, and you need a Kung-Fu grip to hold on. I could deal with that, since the powerful motor and sharp blades at least work quickly. However, every pencil that goes in this machine comes out with one side of the point still covered with wood and the other side very deeply exposing the lead. I have another pencil sharpener that never does this, and I tried the same pencils on both my regular sharpener and this one, so I know it's the machine and not the pencil.  Also, the shavings tray is pretty small.The Ugly:Actually, this is one of the most attractive pencil sharpeners I've seen. It has everything going for it...if only it could sharpen a pencil properly. Shimmies while sharpening
I use a different style letter opener at work and feel in love with it. I ordered this and was disappointed that I tears the envelope instead of 'opening' it. Would not recommend! Did I order a paper shredder?
I had this printer for 20 months and used it very rarely. Even before the starter toner cartridge ran out, the printer died. One day it just stopped printing, the thing got very, very hot (burned my fingers) and died.I'll never buy another Samsung printer. Piece of junk
Edited to say that they no longer support Macintosh very well, so I've gone back to the Smart Label printers, which are awesome! They are easy to use and totally no-hassle. Dymo has been a completely full-hassle experience for the last several years. I've spent money on 3 machines only to have them stop working, with no way to fix them, because they are no longer supported. I won't make that mistake again.Previously I had written:I use my Dymo LabelWriter for the normal tasks such as making labels for mailing envelopes, file labels, etc.My friends and family (and people in stores) laugh when they see me pull out my 'notes' which are all on labels.My grocery list is on labels.My LIFE seems to be printed on labels in one way or another. People could read my labels and get a good idea of who I am and what I do.When my LabelWriter wears out, I'll be getting another Dymo LabelWriter to replace it. It just doesn't wear out though. My Dymo LabelWriter Does Everything I Need Plus!
I bought this because I do a lot of packing because I send a lot of care packages to my family between the ones that are in the military, overseas or out of state and because I sell things on eBay as well.I was looking for something that would make my life much easier when packing a box/parcel and would help me tape boxes much faster, well to say the least this definitely does not do that!I used it several times and tried my best to mess around with it so I can give it a chance but that did not change my opinion one bit, I was going to return it because it frustrated me so much but instead I threw it away which made me much happier.My first problem with this would be that probably because I have small delicate hands this thing was way to cumbersome and clunky for me to be able to manoeuvre around as smoothly and quick as I wanted/liked.My next issue would be the setting that you can &#34;tighten or loosen&#34; as much as you like/need the tape when packing something... Politely put that is nonsense!It is either way too tight making it possible to even pull the tape and in some cases even ripping it or its way to loose and the tape just goes everywhere, there are bubbles instead of smooth lines, the lines are all over the place instead of a straight consistent line and the negative list here is endless.The balance of the head compared to the handle is way off making you excrete even more effort to keep it straight, pull, cut, etc. and making your wrist feel like it will pop out of place any moment.Another extremely annoying issue with this tape dispenser is the impossible task of actually cutting tape where you want/need it to. I would not consider this a safety feature for any age because from where I was standing it was more of a safety hazard and a threat rather than a convenient safe feature as they advertise it.The only cool thing about this tape dispenser is the shark design and grey color which makes it stand out from the rest of the standard ones.I would never recommend or buy this again! Just OK!
This thing is awful.  The (Macintosh) software that comes with it is infuriating.  The install process installs 5 programs, each of which asks for the same information, install drive, several "next" clicks and something I've never seen -- after each install you must confirm to exit that installer.Try as I might I couldn't get anything but dark, washed, grainy scans.  I tried a software package called VueScan which was able to produce semi-reasonable scans where were merely dark and washed.  However there was quite a lot of fringing, so much so that the software could not auto-crop correctly due to fringing which it detected as part of the image.I think this is a case of you get what you pay for. Horrible Little Thing
My employee bought eight of these things less than six months ago.  One of them works.  It no longer &#34;snaps&#34; the staple.  When you push it down it just gently feeds a staple out the end.  SEVEN of them are dead.  WASTE OF MONEY Its Junk
Dymo's website has a software download for Intel power Macs - this software does not work at all - even though the Mac "sees" the Dymo sitting on a USB port it cannot print to it - after a friendly geek struggled with it for the better part of a hour it finally decided to print labels - even the geek does not know what he did to make it print - so - if it goes down - it goes to my physical trash bin - get with it DYMO - Macs are taking over the computer world Intel Powered Mac? - forget Dymo printers
I've been through about four Dymo label printers.On the good side: these thermal printers do the job quickly and easily. I like the Dymo software; it gets better all the time with every version. It allows you to (reasonably) customize labels, including putting a small graphic on your shipping label. The labels, though not inexpensive, are readily available from office supply houses and even online from postage services such as Endicia. You can now do internet postage, essentially printing your own stamps. You can also use it to create file labels, and other thermal labels; however, be warned that thermal labels eventually brown up and fade, so I'd suggest something like aBrother PT1290 Home and Office Labelerfor more permanent labeling.On the bad side; these printers are not durable nor particularly well-designed. Once they break, they are nearly impossible to fix. I'm a fairly good fixer-upper, and these just frost my, well, you know what.I enjoyed my Twin Turbo until the small metal lever on the right side refused to re-seat into its slot. This lever opens the roller to allow you to feed in new labels. I managed to reseat the lever, but then the labels fed improperly, and dug down under the roller and spun around, wrapping tightly around the roller. It was impossible, even removing the front, to remove the roller and peel back the wrapped labels. Then the lift lever failed. The printer was officially...hosed.I'd forgive this ONCE, but every Dymo printer I've owned has eventually crapped out in under a couple of years. They are just not durable. I'm bummed, because I loved this one --it let me feed three part postal labels with delivery confirmation on the left, and internet stamps on the right. Very handy. I have not tried the 450 version of this model, and I hope it is better because this one was pretty feeble. I guess I'd summarize by saying, they are great while they last.  And I will probably buy another one, possibly theDYMO LABELWRITER 450 Label Printer,(1752264), USB, PC/MAC, Printer and Software, 51 Labels Per Minute, black/silver., if I can find one on sale because they are dead useful. Mine is in the trashcan this very moment
As a computer consultant, this is such a pet peeve.  Printer companies selling printers at megacheap prices so you can be gouged with ink.  This has 5 mL of ink in this cartridge.  Now, check out the HP 56 cartridge -- 19 mL for about the same price.  Remember, it's the same product inside -- ink.Think about it, if you buy this cartridge, you are getting $6 worth of ink for $20ish.  Each new cartridge would be $14 you could have spent on a better printer. Consumer deception!
Although the quality of the ink is good, this cartridge holds only 5 mL of ink. 5 mL capacity is way too small
Not worth the MOOLA or the MONEY!!  these ink cartridges are substandard way of forcoing people to keep H.P. rich selling INK...We all know there is a fuel shortage?...But an INK shortage?...Only with H.P. See previous review
I am very disspleased with H.P. ink cartridges.  They run through Ink like Crazy Horse Ran through Custer at the little big horn. in aboyut the time it takes a hungry man to eat his dinner.because H.P. has cut down the size of the ink cartridges. I will never buy another HP printer as I amm really ired of dropping $30.00 a pop for ink. and my m,achine has two carytrdiges both are always over $30.00 each do $60.00 for ink....Nie Wieder  or translated?...."never again" H.P. Ink
This 3M adjustable Gel Wrist Pad is the WR421LE model which measures 7 1/2 by 10' and is made of rigid grey colored anti-microbial material which the manufacturer claims will inhibit bacteria growth and slow its degradation. This material is also supposed to cut down on energy costs and battery usage. It has a comfortable black leatherette wristrest that must be attached to the mouse pad and rubber feet that must be attached to the bottom to give it a front or back tilt. This is well made and may work for you, however I have the following observations.The mouse pad must be completely assembled with special pre-cut Velcro-type tape and the instructions are abstract diagrams which I found less than helpful. I had a very difficult time assembling it and if you screw up there are no extra little pieces of tape to correct one's error. While I do spend extended time on my lap top, I do not have carpel tunnel syndrome and so it had a rather uncomfortable and unnatural angle for me. I have ended up continuing to use my old low-tech mouse pad but I did unattached the wristrest which is now resting at the bottom of the mouse pad and it works really well.  As for energy savings, I have never replaced the battery in my ancient Logitech mouse and so I don't see battery life as much of an issue here and I have never really considered mouse use to be an energy vampire. Not so great
I can spend $100 on a new cartridge for my NEC laser printer, and get 2 years use out of it.  OR, I can spend $25 on THIS cartridge for my Canon printer, and get two WEEKS out of it.  Do the math.  Canon ought to be ashamed of offering a product with so little actual output per dollar.  Generally I LIKE Canon products a lot (e.g. their cameras) and so I am shocked at the short life of this cartridge. Runs out FAST
This is a terrible product. It didn't even fit into my printer. My printer is listed as the compatible printers. Check and make sure before  you buy. terrible
The other 1-star reviews are right: this printer has serious problems feeding paper. Right out of the box, it had trouble feeding paper and often displayed an "out of paper" error message when paper was in the tray.  I was able to get the printer to work most of the time by reloading paper and/or pressing OK multiple times, but eventually the printer just refuses to feed paper from the letter-size tray at all.I should note, the paper is HP-brand, specifically for use with this printer.It's too bad, because otherwise the printer is great: fantastic print quality, outstanding speed, very easy setup for both Windows and Mac OS X.  But all of this matters little when it won't feed the paper... read the 1-star reviews: it really won't feed paper
This product is VERY &#34;flimsy&#34;; there is no back and the drawers slide out and spills contents when you pick the cabinet up.  I would not recommend this, even at the very low price, and returned this. Bargus
I had to send it back.  One of the articulating arms wasn't working properly so I could not adjust the height of the monitor. poor design
these labels are WAY expensive and not very sticky. I have since moved to plastic envelopes with a mega-sticky back (like the kind fedex uses for airbills). I simply print the addressee info and insert in the evnvelope. MUCH cheaper and safer, and what you print out is protected from water, unlike these Avery labels. It's an antiquated solution. time to move on! not very sticky, old fashioned solution now
Have not used this cartridge so I am not rating this re-manufactured ink cartridge for its print quality.  My rating reflects my dissatisfaction with this vendors deceptive advertising.  This vendor is selling re-manufactured cartridges and most people wouldn't know it by looking at the items web page.  What I have learned, if the item description doesn't say OEM it isn't an Epson manufactured ink cartridge.  I think if a vendor is selling re-manufactured ink cartridges it should be in the item description!  Some will say the price should tell you it is not OEM but a lot of vendors list a low price to draw customers and then recoup there losses with an elevated shipping cost! Not OEM
I tried it on carpet, wooden floors, and ceramic tiles.The doorstop just slipped with the door.  I returned it.  Maybe someone else would have better luck with it. It just slid with the door.
This cork board is very thin cork on a piece of cardboard, held together in a particle board frame.  If any portion of the frame gets damaged the bulletin board is useless.  If one corner gets damaged, the frame won't hold together.  I thought cork boards were pretty standard, so I was pretty floored by how cheaply this one is made.  Pass on this one.  Look for one with a real wood frame... Very Poorly Made
This thing is made out of cardboard.  The frame is some kind of composite something that broke in transit.  It's held together with metal pieces that don't go back together it they break.Complete and utter waste. Poorly made
I would never, ever purchase this again, or recommend it to a friend. It's light as a feather, and flimsy as can be. It even arrived chipped. Quartet actually gives you real hardware to anchor this POC to the wall! Funny...To further prove it's low quality, my cat scratched it once and it easily ripped open. This thing is cheap. Garbage
This product is defective ! The adhisive on this magnetic tape would not stick to anything and I tried it on 10 different surfaces. This product is also old and brittle, It cracked just trying to un-roll it. Buyer Be Ware !
I bought this for my office desk at work.  I thought it looked so cool.  It came pretty much assembled for you, but the quality is poor.  It's really flimsy and doesn't sit flat.  Next time, I'll just go to the store and pick out a good one. Flimsy!
This sharpener is garbage.  I purchased it for my classroom.  I don't allow the children to use it because I was afraid they would mess it up.  Myself and another teacher sharpens the pencils every morning for our class.  I purchased this in September 2011 and this is only Feburary 2012.  The shapener is not working already.  This was just too soon providing only adults have been using it.  We handle it with care.  So I would not waste my money on this product. However, on a better note, Amazon did deliver this product quick.  No reflection on amazon, but the product is just garbage.  Don't buy this sharpener.  I can't afford to keep wasting money especially living on a teachers salary.  If anyone knows of a good heavy duty sharpener, please let me know.  This is my 4th sharpener I have purchased. sharpener
I thought this was going to be a kind of shelving system, but really it's just a set of boxes with pull-out drawers that can be stacked on top of each other. The "steel plus" in the product's name refers to one measly little square of metal that you stick into the box for limited support. Assembly of the boxes is not quite clear until you struggle with a box or two to figure out what's supposed to be done. Overall, when it comes to file storage, even if you're in a temporary location and need portability, I would not recommend this as an option. Just Cardboard Boxes, Basically
First, I really wanted to love this phone. It had every single feature that I wanted, plus more.However, after about 3 months the button-wheel (not sure what to call it, the round selector thing in the middle) stopped working when I pressed up. Then a few days later it stopped working when I pressed down. Then it stopped working all together.  This is a huge inconvenience.Then the same thing started to happen on the second one. As of right now, the only way I can view caller id numbers is from the base.So I called Uniden. The customer service rep I spoke with was very snide and rude. She told me that these phones needed to be rebooted frequently like a computer (which should not be the case with a phone) because its "digital" . We tried rebooting the handset, and it did not work. She told me they would send me new ones if I paid $10 in shipping in handling. I asked her how I would know the same thing wouldn't happen to the new phones (since it had happened to BOTH my handsets) and she said it wouldn't. I then asked her, well what if it does, and she said I wouldn't have to pay again if happened again, but after 6 months I would have to pay. I asked her why six months and she said, oh that's just an "example".I then asked to speak to a supervisor,and she said you don't need to speak to a supervisor. I asked 4 more times to speak to a supervisor, and she flat out refused. I asked for her name, and she hung up on me.The ironic part, is that if my click button wheel was working, I could have recorded the call and let Uniden hear it. But ahhh , it doesn't.At this point I don't want to keep putting money into a lemon, (paying the $10 every few months) as I am convinced these phones putz out after a while. Not to mention, I am never buying a Uniden again because of the poor customer service.Don't let the features and brand name fool you.  Buyer Beware Handsets start to malfunction after several months
We have the Uniden cordless phone, and recently had some problems with the battery lasting less than a day on a charge. Consequently, I tried to call customer service, however Uniden only offers email customer service. I finally found a Texas number for them where one has to pay to call themThis is a far cry from Panasonic or Sony which both offer free, toll-free support. Apparently, Uniden is too cheap to offer a toll-free support number, and they want you to pay for the phone call. To add insult to injury, when I did finally call their pay support number, I had to wait twenty minutes for someone to answer. Simply pathetic. I would avoid this company. Apparently Uniden does not want to put any money towards customers, so why should customers pay for their phones? No Customer Service!
We have the Uniden cordless phone, and recently had some problems with the battery lasting less than a day on a charge.  Consequently, I tried to call customer service, however Uniden only offers email customer service.  I finally found a Texas number for them where one has to pay to call themThis is a far cry from Panasonic or Sony which both offer free, toll-free support.  Apparently, Uniden is too cheap to offer a toll-free support number, and they want you to pay for the phone call.  To add insult to injury, when I did finally call their pay support number, I had to wait twenty minutes for someone to answer.  Simply pathetic.  I would avoid this company.  Apparently Uniden does not want to put any money towards customers, so why should customers pay for their phones? No Customer Service!
Product is mislabeled. The product all works perfectly. I have no problems with that.When I purchased I thought I was getting 128 CD Labels. However it IS NOT 138 CD Labels.You Get: 30 CD Labels - 30 Multiple Use Labels - 30 Jewel Case Spines - 30 Mini CD Label.That is 120 total mix, not CD Labels. They do not even total 138. Caution 5/10 Maker Is Good (ONLY)
For some reason Canon has not gotten with the program.  Brother, HP and most of the other companies realize that a lot of people have home networks, and as a result people do not want an old-fashioned printer that needs an expensive print server to setup.It would be nice if Canon got this message as well since this printer is no good for networks when for the same price I can get an HP that does everything the MP830 does and can work wirelessly over a network.  Also this Canon eats ink.  If you plan on getting it you better get ready for frequent store runs. Not Networkable!
My husband and I have been using this printer for about a year now, and at least twice a week we say, this is the worst printer we've ever owned. The paper often goes through the printer at an angle, no matter what one does to keep it straight. This means that pictures and letters often print crooked on the page. In addition, the paper often crunches through the printing process creating an edge that is bent, scraped and deformed. If a person has normal sized arms, he/she can't reach the feed tray without getting up from the chair. Since the feed tray doesn't hold much paper, this leads to lots of unexpected exercise. Last, after a few months this printer started printing two normal lines of text and then two lines of light text all the way through every page. All the cleaning and changing of cartridges have not changed this flaw. We don't want to spend the money to get it fixed (if it's even possible) because we plan to replace this printer as soon as we possibly can. Maybe we just got a lemon. But I won't buy Canon again for awhile. Terrible quality
Too light, with the Kodak name, you expect better. The paper curled so much it was difficult to feed into my printer. if you left some in the printer overnight forget it. It won't feed.  HP is much better product Curls Badly
Bought two of them at the same time for use in seminars--units (both) failed to work.  Returned both to Amazon.  Will try another brand--don't waste your $. Total Junk
The old clich&eacute; you get what you pay for is true in this case. I ordered one, didn't work (laser pointer), returned to Amazon, got another one and it wouldn't work either (advance nor backup) the slides. Returned it and ordered the Logitech presenter. Targus wireless presenter
After two weeks of waiting I was informed that I would not be getting this product.I think I got a refund. Not sure though. Product never arrived
While the printer has worked moderately well, the cost of ink is outrageous.  Making disposable printers and inflated ink cartridges is only bad for the business of America but it also leads to tremendous amounts of electronic waste.  That is to say, HP has chosen a business model that benefits itself (temporarily) but harms the rest of society.  Of course, HP's main goal is to fight price transparency.  Yet, this only goes so far. Outrageous HP Ink ripoff - pay as you go scam is bad for America
Excellent Printer TERRIBLE Software.The included editing software is barely usable. You cannot cut and paste text from another application into your labels.Text will usually printout lower than what a shown in the editor. A job that looks perfect on your display using 'print preview' will look different when actually printed.  Be prepared for lots of wasted tape.I have the latest software from brother (3.2c), which only shows compatibility with older, obsolete operating systems.If you want to use the printer 'stand-alone' you will probably be happy. The included editing software reminds me of Mac OS 6 or Windows 3.1 Excellent Printer TERRIBLE Software
I bought this labeler several years ago and had to replace it with another model due to the ridiculous waste of batteries.  As many others have written, you can get only a few labels before the batteries are exhausted.  That's just a really poor design.I purchased a Brother rechargeable model that's vastly superior. Needs an AC connection
I like several of the features on this, but its waste of batteries makes it of very little use.  Because it is programmed to keep the date and time current, it is never really "off."  I used it once a week for the first few weeks, but found that it needed new batteries every couple of weeks.  Now, I have to take out the batteries each time I put it away.  That's rather annoying, but not as annoying as having to reset the date & time each time I power it up again, because it won't let you proceed with labeling until you enter date, time, language, etc.  It gets used two to four times per YEAR now.  Maybe if I ever find a power cord for it I would use it more, but the power cord will likely be as much as I paid for the labeler 5 years ago ($28).  Plus, it will likely require resetting each time I plug it in, which would still be annoying.  The main reason I had bought it was because I had tapes leftover from my older, broken model.  When i went to use them, though, the tapes had dried out and couldn't be used!  I should have returned when I had the chance.  Prints well & has a few different print styles. Battery eater
The height is spring-operated and adjusted by tightening or loosening a screw.  Unfortunately, the adjustment doesn't work very well and it always keeps inching higher--hard on your neck if that is a problem for you.It rotates well enough, though. Doesn't adjust well
I don't understand why we have to pay such high prices for printer ink. Someone somewhere with the knowledge of such things needs to start some sort of organized protest to this gouging. It is unacceptable to print 8 photos and have to pay for more way overpriced Ink. If it were not for landfill issues it is often cheaper to buy a new printer then buy ink for it. It is what it is, overpriced
I own the XP-310 Epson printer, not this model.  However, there is some corporate greed technology in the XP-310 that is most likely in all of their printers.I actually really liked my Epson printer until it came time to replace the ink cartridges.  I always look at the replacement cartridge prices before I buy, and the Epson were cheap.  However, I soon found out that the minds at Epson went to VERY great lengths to make sure you can use only genuine, way-over priced genuine Epson cartridges in their printer.  The aftermarket cartridges won&#8217;t be &#8220;recognized&#8221; by the printer, and even the empty refillable cartridges won&#8217;t work either.  Don&#8217;t bother with the bottles of ink to refill your existing Epson cartridges, for that won&#8217;t work either.I could have bought 4 black and 2 each of the other  three colors for $14 for the aftermarket products.  Instead, the cheapest I could find for the same 10 Epson cartridges cost over $80.  Actually they weren&#8217;t the same, the aftermarket were the larger capacity (model 200XL) where the Epson cartridges at $80 were the smaller capacity (model 200).Maybe other or even all other printer makers do this same thing, as I don&#8217;t buy printers often.  In the mean time I will have my old Canon printer repaired and use the Epson only for scanning and copying. corporate greed technology
I don't really use my printer that much so when I started having problems I went online to return it only to find out that AFTER 30 days - you can't. Parts that were supposed to be fit together at the factory or wherever weren't. So after doing 4 repairs and the last one was beyond me, I tried to return it- no such luck. So I went directly to Epson and bought it from them, same model, same supplies but no problem.  Buyer Beware! fell apart AFTER 30 days!
I would not recommend this scale at all. It worked for a few months and then it just stopped responding to buttons when I pushed them. The detachable face plate feature is handy but it doesn't really help things if the scale doesn't work. Very frustrated and I would not buy another product from this manufacturer again. Do not Buy - It's as Easy as That!
I owned my first HP 12C for at least 15 years.  This new Chinese-made version lasted less than one year.  The enter key no longer works making the calculator worthless.  This calculator is very expensive if it becomes worthless in less than one year.  I will have to buy another one because I love to use this calculator and find it difficult to use any other.  Hopefully the shoddy construction is just a fluke. Not what it used to be
Nothing like ordering a new pencil and getting one with a sticker on it thrown in a sizable box with some air packets, like it is some sort of second hand item or return?Upon analyzing the pencil the first thing I noted was that where the clip mechanism locks into the barrel it is held by a plastic recess...this metal clip being opened and closed a lot upon plastic material just does not bode well for the plastic parts. Upon taking the tip off and the grip there is plastic threads and plastic barrel underneath a metal "skin". Pretty much a metal veneer of sorts all along this pencil. I would think metal on plastic threads would not tend to hold up for a long length of time. My conclusion is this pencil while looking quite nice on the exterior, the quality and durability of basically plastic guts just will not stand the test of time. I see Pentel selling lots of these due to the durability issues, sadly another company that has always made products I have used and liked over the years has stepped quality down a notch. The design of plastic plastic threading/click mechanism being used against metal just defies common sense to me. They should have went the step further and maybe charged a buck or two more for a far superior product. Looks good, metal on plastic is never a great idea though.
I bought this toner in a 'package' deal with my fax...problem is that I was ripped off by over $8.00 shipping that was separate from the free shipping I got for my fax.  I'm not happy about this and I recommend NOT buying the toner and fax together...they'll rip you off with the shipping cost...over $8.00 to ship a toner that weighs a few ounces, Amazon should be ashamed and not let this happen! A little tricked and don't like it!
Had it for about 1month now, so far so good, everything detailed is accurate, I wish it's a little more heavy duty so it sits tigher on the desk. That's a personal preference though I'm sure if it's dropped it'll do less harm.Update: after 1-2month it broke, with probably 2 uses a week. It's past my return period so it's just a waste of money now. So far so good/Terrible now.
I have purchased quite a bit of bubble wrap on Amazon, and I must say this is the worst I have ever tried!  Not only did it ship in a flimsy plastic bag, which had several holes in, but the bubble wrap itself is very flimsy.  The perforations are extremely hard to find, the the overall quality is just really cheep.  I would not by this again! Worst Bubble Wrap Ever!
I ordered these with the intent they would be a good size for mailing small ointment tubes or small vitamin jars for my online OTC sales. Unfortunately these have no give to them so there's no way I could squash something in here without the risk that it will tear throughout the mailing process. These are very much a cheap material, so a soaking rain could destroy whatever product you are sending to your customer. I don't recommend this product. Useless
This is the second time I have ordered form this company. The first time they sent me the craft mailers as advertised. The second time they sent me mailers from a company called 'CPI'.THESE MAILERS ARE SMALLER THAN THE KRAFT. ORDER AT YOUR OWN RISK. THIS WAS NOT WHAT WAS ORDERED
This stapler works fine, doesn't jam. But, it is so loud!! The noise scares my old dog.  I'm getting rid of this thing pronto! LOUD!!
I have two of the larger staplers by this company and think they are the best I've ever used. Sadly, the smaller one is defective. Since it was a gift for my 80 year old parents, we didn't discover it was defective until it was too late to return. Defective
This stapler gave me about 2 months of good use and then it started to malfunction badly.  I tried everything and finally threw it in the garbage after 2 months.  Rediculous Stopped working
Short and simple. This product just doesn't work. No beyond that. After properly inserting. Batteries and confirming that the shaving collector was snapped securely into place I eagerly put in my first pencil and waited. Sadly nothing happen. I reinserted the batteries and got ready to sharpen pencils to my hearts content. But even though the shaving blade spun nothing happen to the pencil.Long story short. Pencil sharpened didn't work ended up sharpening 72 pencils nona old wall mount pencil sharper that's older then I am. Proof positive that you get what you pay for and that low tech works out in a pinch.. BAD.
Ok here's the deal... This worked with the first set of batteries, but the subsequent purchases proved to be futile since, no matter which battery I purchased, nothing worked.The sharpener was less than $10.  The batteries have cost me almost $18, and, as I mentioned, it only worked with the first set, about 5 days, and now no longer works.They sent me a second, which worked not at all (it was missing the metal lead).It cost me nothing to get it replaced. but...Buy electric, that is what I finally did and it works great.As for X-acto, buy their products.  They stand behind them and have GREAT costumer service.Dianne Schuch Lindsey dlschuch at Salon.com (Open Salon) X-acto/Elmers.  Not so good
This scanner is okay as far as the quality of images goes; nothing fabulous, but not bad for the price, either. However, the software that comes with the scanner is absolutely terrible. (I am using the software for Mac OS X, so maybe it's different for Windows users.)  Some of the many glaring flaws:- There is an arbitrary limit of 20 characters for filenames when saving a scan. This might not seem like a big deal, but 20 characters is often not enough for a descriptive filename of any kind, especially when scanning multiple versions of a photo, for example, with different scan settings.- There is no preview mode, or any way to select a region of an image to scan. The user can only choose from a pre-set paper size, or type a custom paper size. Neither option lets you select something in the middle of the page, for example.- Application windows are filled with poorly-designed buttons of various sizes, strewn every which way, and with cryptic names. For example, in one window that comes up when the user chooses the "confirm scanned image" option, there is a button labeled "forward." What does this mean? Well, the button does the same thing you would expect from an "OK" or "continue" button.- When scanning, the status window (showing the progress of the scan) always stays on top of all other application windows. It can't be minimized, and doesn't move to the background with the rest of the program's windows when another application or window is selected. It can be moved, but the next time it pops up, it will be right in the middle of the screen again. This means that, when scanning multiple pages, it's impossible to use the computer for anything else, because the scan progress window will keep popping up every 10 seconds and getting in the way of whatever else you are trying to view/type.- Unlike many other scanner models, this one has no ruler markings on the scanner itself. So if you need to know the dimensions of the item you are scanning--to set a custom paper size in the scanning software, for example--you'll have to have a ruler handy.Bottom line: the terrible software interface makes this scanner almost unusable for me. (The included PhotoStudio software is no better.)  It is unnecessarily complex, and some screens seem like they were translated from Japanese by someone not too familiar with English. The scanning software supplied for OS X looks and feels like a 1990s-era Mac Classic application.Incredibly, incredibly bad software. I wish I could post screenshots of some of the windows, so you'd see what I mean.UPDATE:  Some minor flaws with Leopard have surfaced. The software often fails to scan, popping up an error message "failed to load driver." It usually goes away after several re-tries. Just more annoying behavior... Okay scanner, terrible software (for Mac), some minor Leopard bugs
When I did a search prior to purchasing, I indicated, "padded mailing bags".  These came up.  Guess I didn't read the fine print.  No padding.  Disappointed.  Just thought I would let anyone know in case they expected padding. Thought these had padding
This printer produces decent quality copies and prints.  My complaint and why it only got 1 star from me is the amount of ink this sucker drinks.  It is the thirstiest printer I have ever owned.  And, for some reason it uses the color cartridges even when printing in black.  Another thing I hate about it is you can't print if one of the cartridges, it has 4 by the way, is out even if you aren't using that color.  I'm out of cyan right now and I can not print a document in black.  I am going to be looking for a replacement printer soon as I will save money in the long run on ink. Where's all the ink going?
Epson continues to rip people off in droves, and there is yet to be a congressional hearing.They have to have some senator and house representatives deep in their pockets.  We onlypurchased two of these (thank God) - because they drank ink worse than a broken waterpipe. We have owned almost every Epson model and every one has had issues. Thegarbage they place on the market only to bait potential customers is appalling.  We havewritten these thieves many times (very politely and professionally) including emails,phone calls, and letters -- they have never answered any of our questions.  Our officeshave about 18 Epson models - including this one - and they are nothing but TROUBLE.Epson has to be one of most corrupt, greedy, and just plain evil companies on the Earth.Daniel J. Tyler  (The WJGroup) Epson Needs a Congressional Hearing
Unbelievable! Ordered this a week ago. Inserted the cartridges. Used it to print 10 flyers, and the INK IS EXPENDED (?). Epson69 is for use with heavy print requirements. I have purchased this from Epson in the past and had no need to replace cartridges for months after inserting into the printer. NEVER have I purchased cartridges only to have the computer tell me they need replacing after ONE WEEK. INK EXPENDED AFTER ONE WEEK
This item does not hold  anything ,trying to go down a flight of steps whatever is on it will slide off.I should have purchased bungee cords as well to maybe get this to work bettr.gave this item to my sister not for me
I think this little cart would be great for someone that doesn't need to strap anything down. Like a short haul maybe from room to room. But I bought it to carry a large tacklebox, a cooler, and a bait bucket out onto a 800 ft pier. NOT GOOD. The base is flat, so if or when you try to strap things down with a bungie cord the little plastic hooks make the cart wobbly, not sitting flat. The only way to use this cart successfully is like you see in the pic, flat items NOT strapped to the bottom plate, otherwise you in for trouble.Anyways, I sent it back. Got a full refund, no questions asked. Hope this review helps some other fisherman. Not for anyone needing to use bungie cords. Cart wobbles.
I thought the retractable click was a cool idea, but unfortunately you have to wait forever for these to dry or they smear. And to make matters worse, the color does not stay bright and vivid. Things I had highlighted at the beginning of the semester were significantly faded by the end of the semester. I would not suggest anyone buy these. These smear
The tape I received had only one side.I was disappointed and returned it which Amazon credited money back to my account.Amazon is great for backing the products sold on their site.I will try Home Depot next. One Sided
Terrible!  Ordered on Aug 7th and still have not received.  Have a feeling Amazon is selling product that they do not have.  Make sure yourpurchase is in stock.  Amazon's prices are great, but one can sell product they do not have for any price! Still have not received product
This cartridge was either defective or a counterfit.  I suspect counterfit as packaging and lable while it said epson, was different from actual epson parts.  The printer would not recognize it at all.  Took it out and replaced it with a known "Epson Genuine Cartridge" and printer works fine.  Amazon, to thier credit, accepted the return and gave a refund. Buyer Beware
One might go so far as to wonder whether the representations made on this product page constitute outright fraud.  The product I received was NOT as it is shown on this page.  I did not receive Epson brand cartridges in the box, unopened, as shown.What I received were six cartridges, wrapped three to a package.  So each cartridge was not individually wrapped, as is the case with cartridges ordered from Epson directly.  Once the package is opened to be able to use one cartridge, the other two must sit opened, with only the tape on the ink port to protect against drying out.  The six included a black cartridge, which the enclosed note said was a "freebie" because, while the company assured me these are original Epson cartridges, to "reduce packaging", they were being sent wrapped as they were.I had misgivings, but the cartridges DID have the Epson logo on them, looked like the others I've been accustomed to, so I put them in my cartridge drawer to use as needed.The first cartridges I've used seemed to go much faster than normal, without a corresponding increase in my customary printing load.  Then, today, I went to replace two additional cartridges...certain colors don't seem to get used as much, so replacement rates vary (one of the reasons I love having an inkjet that allows for colors to be replaced individually, rather than as an integrated unit is that you always end up wasting ink on the multi-color single cartridge types).  I used two of the cartridges that had been sitting, unwrapped, in the drawer, because I had already used one of the cartridges in the three-pack.  What a nightmare...the ink didn't flow, wasted paper, seven head cleanings...I FINALLY got ink flowing, but I'm now left with black ink flecks all along the paper.  I don't have this problem with inks I order directly from Epson or that I receive in the original equipment packaging.I really have to wonder what the deal is with these cartridges...are they refilled, remanufactured ink cartridges and simply not identified as such? Regardless of the answer, I WON'T be ordering these again.NOT RECOMMENDED Misrepresented product
These "Epson" Ink Cartridges were rejected by 2 of our Epson Artisan 50 printers.  As A Matter offact - The printers have not accepted any new "Genuine" Epson cartridges since July 2010 and aregathering dust.Daniel James Tyler Rejected
the pens are used they also did not arrive when they were supposed to they came two days after they were supposed to be here and they sent it u.p.s to columbus you are in illinois i am in newcomerstown ohio why not just send it u.p.s to me then when they sent it to the post office it didn't update at all until it was about to be delivered the picture and what i got don't really look the same but then again it wasn't a great picture didn't even show an individual pen so you could see what you were getting the whole thing was a big mess an im glad it over i will never buy anything from tnt deals again not a good experience used pens
This is the first time I've had a stapler for a large number of pages.  It was a pleasure to use.  Then it simply fell apart.  I have to reassemble this to get it to work each time.  I will throw it away when I get a new stapler.  Can't recommend it. Crapped out after about 20 uses
Like another reviewer, I too must have received a defective batch as the tape simply would not stick. Every single roll was entirely worthless. It all ended up in the garbage. No stick, every roll ended up in the garbage
I don't know what is going on with this packaging tape, but it isn't sticky! I have gone through two rolls wrapping just a few packages because the tape doesn't stick to anything except itself. I don't know what the problem here is, but definitely DO NOT buy this product. I thought it was a fluke, but this is the second time this has happened to me ordering this product! This is TAPE - isn't it supposed to be sticky?
This packing tape will stick to nothing.  Often when tape refuses to stick to the box, one can wrap it around to meet itself because it will stick to itself.  This won't.  I don't know what has happened to 3 M Company, but I will never again buy their packing tape. Awful!
We had to return due to the colors being too much. Yeah..thought that was the point only to find out the boss said no.Nothing wrong with them. I personally would have been happy with them. Returned
Swingline Optima PowerEase Reduced Effort Stapler in Black (S7087850A) -- in the picture this stapler looks nice and compact -- but it is huge!!!!!!!!!!!! Swingline Optima PowerEase Reduced Effort Stapler in Black (S7087850A)
I tried to find a cheaper replacement for my old worn out Epson 3800 but this proved to be a really crappy printer compared to the Epson. I had another Canon photo printer years ago and the same problems happened back then that are still happening with this new one. The ink color is good for about 20 days then they seriously start to degrade with colors bleeding on the paper making your image seem blurry and inky also they turn really really yellow and fade. I use only OEM Canon inks and Premier Premium Luster paper. I sell my work and like last time I used Canon this will cost be a lot of money in replaced photos. NOT HAPPY! I am presently trying to return it but I no longer have the box. I just ordered a new Epson 3880 for over 1200.00, a lot more money but at least it had a 250.00 rebate and I know my images will not fade. I have images I printed on my Epson 3800 and 2200 that are still perfect after 6 years. There is NO COMPARISON between Canon and Epson's lasting image quality, Epson is by far the best. This will be my very last Canon Photo printer however, I still like their document printers just fine. If you sell your stuff by an Epson, period. Inks bleed and turn yellow on paper JUNK
Made with cheap materials and comes in MANY, MANY pieces to put together. Nothing seems to fit square and when it is together I noticed that the shelf actually bows from just one ream of paper on it and the top, where I put my Konica magicolor 2500 printer, seems to also bow down the top from the weight of the printer. So pretty much worthless.Do not buy this stand.....I'm going to either trash it or let it be in a corner for little trinkets that don't weigh hardly anything. What a waste of time and effort putting it together. Scoot Desk-Side Printer Stand
When buying this, make sure these are OEM and new products and not the outdated and remanufactured type or you will be sending them back like I did. Make sure you are getting new cartridges!!
Without reading my whole review, here is the key: when you buy ink directly from Amazon, you can expect to receive exactly what you ordered.  If, on the other hand, your order is sold by somewhere/someone else but "fulfilled by Amazon), buyer beware.  These seem to result in a lot of expired ink being sold.I ordered a 2 pack of HP ink (#56 and #57).  The product page shows a stock photo of an HP 56/57 combo pack.As soon I opened the brown Amazon box, I knew there was a problem. The cartridges were not in their HP box as pictured, but in their sealed HP foil packets.  I have run into this before with sellers on Amazon.  Some sellers claim they discard the box to reduce shipping weight.What they really mean is "I discard the box to hide the expired date on the box."I can see from the coding on the foil package and the expiration date on the 2 cartridges I purchased show that they expired 7 1/2 YEARS AGO, in September and October of 2005, respectively!  This is not the first time I have run into this issue with HP ink fulfilled through Amazon.When you but these ink products and get fresh ink, they are great, but when it is old, HP doesn't warranty it for performance or leaks, and many printers reject it altogether as they have firmware which reads the cartridge and sees it is old. Be Very Careful When Buying Ink FULFILLED By Amazon....
As with all ink, way too costly for way too little ink. If not for the space in landfills I would rather buy a new printer for less then the cost to buy new ink. As with all ink
Even at Amazon's lower price, this ink costs $7,480.00 per gallon.  How can anyone have anything positive to say about such robbery?  This is not Amazon's fault; in fact, Amazon offers this ink at the lowest price I have found.  I guess it could be worse as some Epson inks price out to over $20,000.00 per gallon.Thanks Amazon for doing what you can to help. At $7,480.00 A Gallon, Leaves A Lot To Be Desired
The listing I see here is FIVE pens each a different color.  Granted the written description says a green pen BUT it is very easy when in a hurry to think this is a listing for FIVE pens and order.  I own all these pens and was tempted for a minute or so until it occured to me too many for too little.  Ususally what is in the picture is what is for sale.  These are good pen.  I own all of them and was tempted to buy more if this was all shown.  My stars are for the listing not the pens. False Advertusing?
I gave this one star because I was a little disappointed that the Amazon didn't let me know or whoever was supposed to let me know that the that the P Touch printer that I bought wouldn't take a power adapter other than that I have no idea because I never got a chance to use it thank you. Bjwolf to whom it may concern on the Amazon review board
Horrid piece of junk.  Not to mention you can't find the labels anywhere local.  This thing zaps the life out of batteries in just a short 2 hours.  I am very unhappy with this.  DON'T BUY IT EVEN IF IT IS A GOOD PRICE! Battery sucker...
This is the second set I've owned, 3 handsets per set, so 6 all together. I suspect highly that the good reviews are due to people reviewing the phone too soon after purchasing. It works great for a while and then turns to junk. Both times I've owned this phone. It's too late of course to return it and the warranty service stinks. So I get to throw the thing away and try to find a decent phone.Panasonic should be ashamed to produce this piece of junk.Be forewarned - if you buy anyway because of all the good reviews, you'll most likely be sorry. Piece of utter crap - don't be fooled by good reviews
Speaking as a loyal Panasonic phone owner for years... I'm a bit surprised by the flood of good reviews on this phone, my experience has been the opposite.When I saw some of the negative reviews, I glanced over and then dismissed them, figuring they were just the exception based on a purchaser getting a lemon or folks that didn't understand the technology very well.  The minority seems to have it right in this case.PROBLEM:The primary problem was an issue with the sound of my voice cutting in and out when I was on a call (your voice is fed back through the handset speaker normally). Many people may not realize that phones normally feedback your voice into the ear speaker until it ceases to work properly (as with these phones).  When it happened, my first reaction was that the line had dropped and I would start saying "are you there, are you there?".  When the other person invariably said "yes", I began to realize it was the phone malfunctioning.  Another problem is static on the phone occurring randomly on calls.  We've never had that problem until these new phones were put in.I am returning the phones because of these two issues.  However, there are some pretty glaring design issues I'd also like to draw your attention to.DESIGN DISAPPOINTMENTS (design points that make me wonder, with lots of frustration, what Panasonic engineers were thinking):-- Unlit keypad (I knew about this from other reviews, but seriously, previous Panasonic phones had lit keyboards, what genius decides to go backwards on a key feature like this)-- Non-dedicated key for voicemail (yes, this phone has an answering machine, but I can't buy a non-answering machine phone anymore, thank you Panasonic... they could at least recognize that a fair amount of people will use voicemail and design with that in mind, their previous phones had that)-- Cheap feel to the phone itself (felt and looked like a cheap plastic kids toy)-- Clunky menus.  The menus on the handset were not natural to flow through.  It is not that hard to take the time to make use and flow of menus an easy and non-confusing thing.  These felt like an after-thought.The sad thing?  I am going to stay with Panasonic since they still have the best quality phone in my mind, it just happens to be a phone they no longer produce and sell, the KX-TGA520M series phone.  Looks like I'll be shopping eBay and Amazon marketplace.Really disappointed with the direction Panasonic is going in with their phones. Sorely disappointed
My wife is a dentist and I purchased the l7780 (same model as l7680 but with extra paper tray attachment included) for her brand new office after seeing many glowing video reviews praising the speed and low print costs.The printer itself is a marvel, with lightning fast print output and decent color reproduction.  The fax and scan functions are very quick and seem to work pretty well.Unfortunately that's where the praise ends.  The HP software installation package is one of the worst I have ever seen (and that's coming from someone who has worked in the computer business for years).  I needed to install the print/photo utilities on five brand new Dell XP Pro workstations that had a very simple initial configuration.  The HP installation software would hang, it wouldn't clean up upon un-install, it wouldn't see the printer on the cabled ethernet network from one computer but would from another one (with firewalls turned off on all of them), and the real clincher?  The stupid printer management utility is a resource hog that frequently crashes the PC with a bluescreen error or prevents logging out or shutting down.This is unaccepteable under any circumstance, but even worse since this is being used in a Dental office where the staff are dealing with patient data and expect a stable print/scan/fax experience.HP tech support is worthless.  HP would rather save a few bucks and outsource the tech support and software/driver development to India than develop a product that cost $100 more and actually worked properly.Shame on you HP, you won't be getting another dollar from me. Installation issues and buggy drivers mar an otherwise decent multi function
I live in an old school full of dry erase boards, so I have a lot of old shadowy dry erase ghosting on the boards, so I was really excited to try a product capable of removing even permanent marker by just adding water, as these purport to do.They do not. You can scrub your butt off, but they won't even remove old dry erase, much less permanent marker.The only thing they will remove is fresh dry erase, which you can already remove with anything from a kleenex to the side of your hand. Total bust. Useless for anything but fresh dry erase
Who was the idiot who came up with the idea for whiteboards in the workplace? What exactly was wrong with blackboards and chalk? Every company I visit, no matter how how high tech or cool, has nonfunctional whiteboards. The markers are inevitably dried out - which one does not find out until they are tried, followed by a frantic search for fresh markers. This little dance is repeated a million times every day in conference rooms across America. Then the marks are impossible to clean by dry rubbing. Even at their best, whiteboard drawings look ugly compared to elegant, organic chalk on slate. But they're cheap you say? Cheap to buy maybe. But let's compare the time and motion involved in erasing a blackboard vs. whiteboard. Ready? Here we go:Need to erase blackboard. Implement the following steps:1. Rub eraser on blackboard. In a pinch, use your hand.Need to erase whiteboard. Implement the following steps:1. Root around until you find your 3M Whiteboard Eraser. Take it to breakroom sink.2. Run water on it.3. Your hands are now wet. Dry them with paper towels.4. Walk back to conference room trying to hold dripping 3M Whiteboard Eraser without getting water on your clothes.5. Wipe whiteboard with dripping 3MWE.6. Whiteboard marks have now been, not removed exactly, but rather smeared into large wet diluted splotches.7. Go back to breakroom for more paper towels.8. Back to conference room to wipe up and dry whiteboard. Discard paper towels.9. Back to breakroom to wash your hands again and dry.10. Need to erase again? 3MWE has dried out, take it back to water faucet ..Let's see, assuming average industrial cost of a professional with overhead of $100 per hour, and we estimate the company has just spent about 25 bucks (not counting the paper towels, water and trash removal) to ERASE THE WHITEBOARD .. I hate whiteboards
Update:  Watch out for this one....... I have my 27" iMac on it.  A full 8lbs under the maximum.  It is now sagging.  I could probably cut a piece of wood and make a pier to place in the middle.... but I plan on replacing this and using it with my printer......... avoid getting this if your computer is (my best guess) more than 15lbs.I purchased this to use with my 27inch iMac.  The iMac weights in at 30lbs so it is 10 under the max for this stand.  I looked at many stands at local stores.  Had trouble finding one that would give the height I needed and still be able to handle the iMac.  I am 6'6" tall so I needed something with height.  The stand appears to be well made.  It blends in well with my glass/metal computer unit.  If you are needing something for height this is it.  The keyboard easily fits beneath it if you want.UPDATE:  Someone had mentioned it sagged..... made me hesitate on buying it..... glad I took a chance.  I placed a few books so that they just barely touched the middle of the underside of the stand.  Now after many weeks it has not sagged at all. IT SAGS!
For the past few years, I have used Epson 2200 (first), Epson 1400, and an Epson 260 printers.  Initially, they were good printers.  Once I started to replace ink cartridges the $$$ began to flow.  Between cleaning the print heads almost constantly and doing repeated nozzle checks, I had to think there must be some other way.  I finally did have one of my 2200's serviced and the cost was about half what the printer cost; plus the nearest authorized service center is in a neighboring state (75 miles). And it didn't take long before I was back to square one on that particular printer.  I put it on the street next to the garbage can and nobody even tried to pick it up.  So I put it IN the can. The print heads are difficult to clean; require constant attention, and the ink is prohibitively expensive, if you purchase genuine Epson cartridges.  Third party inks work, but sources change and so does the formulation apparently of the ink. This only adds to the cleaning problems.  While they are working, Epson printers are great.  I fiddled with them for almost 6 years. No more; purchased a pair of Canon printers.  I had owned a Canon I9900 that I gave away when I decided to switch over to Epson. Ironically, the I9900 is now on its third owner and is still in service.  So much for Epson.  And their Technical Support is flawed as well, unless you can work directly with the FAQ section of their website.  But if your question isn't on there, good luck. Epson reliability
This is the last epson I will have die on me, never again after the fourth one was only a month old and on its first ink change.What happens:You run out of ink and replace a cartridge. This causes a nozzle cleaning cycle to run. Nozzles that were working FINE before are now CLOGGED because epson cant figure out how to purge their ink properly. They get gummed up.Epson's solution? Run another cleaning cycle - which makes the problem WORSE! They can only be fixed by a technician via complicated disassembly that costs more in labor than the darned printer is worth.This is my second dead epson in one month. They print amazing when they print right but that isn't often enough for the price.Never again, Epson...never again. Epson = Clogged Nozzles that get worse with "cleaning:"
The wrap that I was sent by one of the 3rd party sellers was not the name-brand advertised here.While the wrap has worked well enough, it was not what I paid for. I have tried several times to leave a review only to have it rejected. I am continue to be disappointed with the ever-declining quality of what used to be a good site. dishonest sellers - knock-off generic product
All the reviews about this product HP74XL  seem all about different manufacturers.I didn't even open the box and I am returning this as the company put a label over the expiration date. I bought this on 9/7/13 and it looks like under their label it says March 2013.Surely if they didn't have anything to hide they would not have covered the information.Please shop elsewhere.Julia DO NOT BUY FROM  Pioneer Marketing
Like the other Reviewer...This stool first off.... comes apart easily it Snaps together!So I check it frequently!  I weigh no where near the 300 pound max or the 200 pound max!It just went FLAT underneath me! FORTUNATELY it went Flat not just one side Buckled!I was VERY LUCKY I didn't break a hip, leg  etc etc...It's NOW in my TRASH CAN!PLEASE be Very CAREFUL....I could NEVER recommend this Stool! Lucky I didn't Break  my neck, leg etc...
Purchased in July, opened in November, DEAD!!!!Couldn't get the yellow to flow.Did not come in a box, only the foil pouch. Don't purchase from this sub-vendor. DEAD, No Yellow Ink
I use to love HP product but in the later years the quality went down hill. I own this printer for few years and I have nothing but problems with it. I use it maybe once or twice a month. I figure, I don't print enough for me to spend a lot of money, but this thing is an absolute junk! when it decide to work it does a real nice job but it can stop working after 2 pages claiming the ink cartridge is missing...you have to open the door and re-install it, after 5 tries you might be lucky and it will print again. I have it so long that this thing keeps doing the same thing over and over!stay away!!!!!!!! nothing but problems!!!!!!
this chair is awful. ones that sell for two hundred bucks at an office supply store are much nicer. the back mesh is too tight, and the arms are too far back. don't buy this. this chair is awful. ones that sell for two ...
The scanner I used in 1999 was better and easier to install than the Strobe XP 220.Installation Process from hellThe installation process was a nightmare. Brought me back memories from hardware installations dating back to 1999, nay...1997. The scanner is connected through chunky Y cable; Y split from the power adapter for USB connection to the computer and connection to the scanner. It was cumbersome and annoying. The cable is heavier than the scanner itself and often made it tilt under the weight of it. The scanner took hours to install, 2 CDs, adding tons of bloated software to my computer and my waning patience finally snapping. After all of that, the scanner refused to work.  I had no idea whether it was on since the designers of this "product" deemed an ON switch or light was unnecessary. I left the Strobe-craptastic-scanner for another day.Getting it to workA week later I returned to the task of trying to make the crap-scanner work. It will work this time, sure it will, I mused trying to fool myself into wasting more time on scanner-fail. I connected the scanner to the computer and waited for my computer to recognize it. And I waited...and waited...and kept waiting. Since there is no ON button or nice green light to let me know whether this crapshoot was even on, I went onto prodding and clicking any and all buttons McCrappy had. Alas, there was only one grey button at the side. I pressed. Nothing. Pressed again. Nothing. Pressed and Held. Nada.Finally, as if by some miracle, my computer recognized it and told me to calibrate it. I hastened with a semi-victorious hope (maybe this will work!) and inserted the calibration page and waited...waited some more. Page aligned with the arrows? Check. Is the Crap-scanner on? No way to check. Grey button? Pressed. Nada. Check another electric plug? Nothing. Restarting the computer? Nothing worked. Finally, after the 10th unplug/plug back in of the cables...it worked!!!!So, I quickly calibrated, before it decided to bail out on me again. Then I put in a test page for scanning.SoftwareIt has an unfriendly interface. Full of useless stuff and meager setting options.Black and White scanningThe text was clear but lopsided. A LOT. I calibrated again. Lopsided again. Calibrated again and still lopsided. Black and white photo scanning had terrible quality.Color ScanningLet me laugh a bit here as I review the "color" scanning. Yes, there was color and there was scanning. Scanning the photo it looked like a pictured taken with a 1 MegaPixel camera, the ones you would find 10 years ago then scanned by a scanner of also 10 years ago. There were vertical lines running through the picture scan. It was bloody awful. Yes, I did scan on picture mode and played around with the settings to try to make It better. I checked the settings, the highest resolution was 600 dpi! (See shared pictures above.)ConclusionBloody awful crap-tastic scanner. :D Craptastic scanner
The laminator works well enough as advertised.  However, for the price, the Scotch Laminator featuredScotch TL901 Thermal Laminator 2 Roller Systemhere will do BOTH 3 mil and the thicker 5 mil sheets.  This laminator only handles 3 mil sheets.  We own the Scotch Laminator as well as this one and can definitely recommend the Scotch Laminator over it.Well, to be fair, it states that it can handle 5 mil sheets...as long as the 12.5" wide mouth is fed something that is the size of an index card or smaller.Pass on this. It's ok, but for the price...
Bought it in August 2009 and by November 2009, it stopped working! No, I didn't do an extraordinary amount of shredding. In fact, I did very little. Don't recommend it. The Shredder That Dies On You
The shredder is advertised to be able to shred CD's. After 3 or 4 CD's, the feeder jammed and it ALSO jammed the paper shredder. All I had was a piece of junk on my hands. Based on my experience, it would not even be worth the effort to have it replaced. Cannot shred CD's
I put 4 sheets folded in half into the shredder and rather than cutting it up, this shredder only managed to mangle the pieces.  I actually pulled out a part of the document the size of the palm of my hand and could easily still read the information on it, though it was punctured and torn (but still intact).  Even the pieces that did managed to get "shredded" were far too large for a cross-cut shredder, in my opinion.  If you want security, try another brand. Just mangled the paper
Two shredding sessions on the first day... 10-15 minutes each.  Then it died. Amazon replaced it promptly - but that one didn't work at all out of the box.  Returning for a refund.  I will look for another brand of shredder. First one died in less than one day. 2nd one didn't work at all...
These seem to have a problem. Most of the tear strips are loose, and when you try to seal the envelope, it will not stick, and you have to tape. Not satisfactory The glue on the back doesn't stick
I bought this to use with my laptop at home.  But there are a number of problems with it -- all of which are simple things that they should have fixed:(1) Why include a keyboard and not a mouse?  I had to buy this separately.(2) Why only 3 USB parts?(3) The station needs to be plugged in to work ... so the keyboard will not work when plugged into the USB port of my laptop unless I have also plugged in the adaptor.  Why?  Other wireless keyboards don't have this requirement.(4) My external hard drive will not work when plugged into one of the 3 ports on this device - so I had to get a separate port replicator for this.(5) The plug on the device is too short - it couldn't make the short trip from the dining room table to the wall outlet - so I had to get an adaptor.Basically, you're paying for a hunk of plastic to prop up your laptop monitor, plus a wireless keyboard, plus a fairly poor port replicator.If I had it to do over again, I would purchase the PCI docking station for home usage from Toshiba.  I would lose the monitor stand, but I would be able to do more with this replicator.Toshiba  PA3542U-2PRP Dynadock USB Laptop Docking Station with DVI Port Too little
I usually love Sakura and I was excited about the colors to use on my Fuzzy Velvet Posters but these are sooo wet!  They slop all over the place, you have to use a toothpick to push the paint into where you want it because if you put the pen where you want the color, it winds up everywhere BUT!  I'm returning these and won't ever buy these particular ones again.  Sakura is consistently wonderful but these pens suck badly. Sloppy, Wet and Disappointing
Skip the high yield cartridges.  They leak everywhere.  I am going back to the low yield.  I have had problems with 2 of 4 thus far, and I am only 3 months into the cartridges. After 3 months of use, Leaks Everywhere!
I own the XP-310 Epson printer, not this model. However, there is some corporate greed technology in the XP-310 that is most likely in all of their printers.I actually really liked my Epson printer until it came time to replace the ink cartridges. I always look at the replacement cartridge prices before I buy, and the Epson were cheap. However, I soon found out that the minds at Epson went to VERY great lengths to make sure you can use only genuine, way-over priced genuine Epson cartridges in their printer. The aftermarket cartridges won&#8217;t be &#8220;recognized&#8221; by the printer, and even the empty refillable cartridges won&#8217;t work either. Don&#8217;t bother with the bottles of ink to refill your existing Epson cartridges, for that won&#8217;t work either.I could have bought 4 black and 2 each of the other three colors for $14 for the aftermarket products. Instead, the cheapest I could find for the same 10 Epson cartridges cost over $80. Actually they weren&#8217;t the same, the aftermarket were the larger capacity (model 200XL) where the Epson cartridges at $80 were the smaller capacity (model 200).Maybe other or even all other printer makers do this same thing, as I don&#8217;t buy printers often. In the mean time I will have my old Canon printer repaired and use the Epson only for scanning and copying. corporate greed technology
I bought this just to print on discs.  When I got it, it would not print on the entire disc, so I called Epson.  After having me do some tests, they said they would send another.  That didn't work, either, so they sent another.  I now have three, and not one will print on discs.  If you want an excellent disc printer, get an HP 5280 All-in-One. Don't Bother!
I printed one 8X10 and 12 DVDs before the ink carts went dry, starting with yellow. I thought this has to be a mistake. Nope. This is an Epson.A total piece of junk. Ink will suck you dry
My partner and I purchased this printer (not from Amazon) about 1 and 1/2 Years ago.  Setup was EZ, We only printed 4 CDs and  8 Documents before it told us it was out of ink.  My.... that was fast I thought? Cartridges cost 85.00 dollars (for all 6), and low and behold, the printer was out of ink again just after 15 days  (15 documents, 4 photos and 2 CDs).  All this for 85.00?  No thanks.  We noticed the printer spend more time cleaning itself than printing.  Total Junk and Ink-thirsty.  We dumped it.and bought a laser (at least the toner didn't run out until 5 months - and we use it daily!)The WJ Group -  (Danxo) Epson Junk at its Best
I only got 1/4 of the life of this cartridge.  I, like others am going back to the low yield.  Clearly there is a problem with these cartridges.  They should be pulled. Cartridge Leaked after a few months of use
I owned a 9840CDW for almost two years. The print quality is really bad. After a few hundred pages, I see streaks run down the pages. I also see stains. This happens to the original black and blue toners. After I replaced them, the problem went away for only a few hundred pages. Then it came back for black toner. I checked the manual and found that we have to clean two areas. One is the drum unit. It produces equally spaced stains on the page. The other is the spill of the toner. I have to constantly clean it.Brother has a unique design that toner cartridges and drum units are separate. So you don't have to replace them all together like other brands. . All the Brother color printers share this design. They all use the same toner cartridges and drum units. It apparently reduces the production cost greatly. But it seems to me that with this design toner cartridges and drum units are very flimsy. I have done the cleaning of toner carriages and drum unit so many times that I can do that without taking out the drum unit. I never have to do this to other laser printers. And I never know so much detail about laser printers before I own a Brother printer.If unfortunately you own one and would like to keep it, the other thing you have to watch out is the cost of toner. It will stop working after a preset number of pages even you still have a lot of toner in it. You can follow the instruction below to reset the toner cartridge. It will save you a lot of money.Amazon won't let me post the url. Please search the web for the instruction. You have to open the cap and turn back the wheel in the cartridge. Good luck. Horrible printer and toner cartridge
Fell apart within two weeks.  Had to return.  Case It has the worst quality I have ever seen in binders.  Would not recommend. Very cheaply made!
This fax machine is a really bad design. I hate that it uses a very expensive inkjet cartridge because the cartridge dries up quickly if you don't receive faxes often or use it as a copier often; so it's a really poor design. I got the Brother 575 fax machine instead for less money. It's a better design for a fax machine in this price range because it doesn't use an inkjet cartridge that just dries up when you are not using it. Further, the Brother replacement ink ribbon is half the cost of the HP inkject cartridge for this fax machine.I would recommend you avoid this unit. Horrible product
I have owned a number of printers over the years and this new Kodak 5300 ranks as the absolute worst printer I have ever owned ! I have owned it less than 48 hrs. and I have to date 5 calls to Tech support for a number of issues all of which seems to be glitches in the Kodak software.(I have XP Home on a Dell) To install it for the 2nd time with tech support on the phone, it took just under an hour. Then it would not print from Word Perfect. Then it would not turn off and the list goes on. Couple this with far East tech support with language issues and you get the picture. Add to this, slow, slow, slow start up, slow print time even in draft, horrible print quality on the higher settings and you have the makings of a real loser ! Kodak needs to stick to cameras and leave the printers to HP, Canon etc. I bought this for the cheap new inks but I wish to heaven I had bought something else now. I am paying the price for wanting cheaper ink cartridges.I bought it on line & the cost to return it would be a fortune. I have learned my lesson. Don't you make the same mistake ! Worst Printer Ever !
If you're like me and have "grown up" on HP calculators and were think "This is it! HP is back!" let me be the first to tell you that, no, HP is not back.  The calculator feels a bit more fragile than the earlier generation and is missing some of the well thought out HP calculator innovations that the earlier alphanumerics, such as the legendary HP-41, hhad.  The display does not show the function key you pressed unlike the HP-32s I own.  Better yet the HP-41 showed the function and if you made a mistake in hitting the wrong function key, you simply held the key down for 2 seconds the function was nulled.UPDATE:  Day 2. Now the calculator has hung-up with SYNTAX ERROR.  I tried all the obvious keystrokes without resorting to the manual to no avail. Not the same as the original HP calculators
Very thin labels, as a result the feed grabs two or three at a time and prints across several pages ruining most of them. If you sit and feed them one sheet at a time, it works, but what a pain that is. The are not worth the money. Don't waste it on these. cheap, thing jams up in printer!
I love to write; I am a writer and I also enjoy journaling. At first, I loved the brilliant blue. I never saw anything like it before. It is the most charming thing in the world. However, my watermen pen got clogged and I see sludge all around the nib and the pen felt as if it had mud all over the nip. I become worried. I decided to use another fountain pen, my son's pen, but same problem occurred. I looked for vinegar bottle and had to soak both pens in the hope of getting rid of that thick stuff, that sludge, that mud-looking thing&#8230; I was sad. I had no choice but to dump it in the garbage basket to go with the garbage for Monday. Thankfully, I still had old Watermann ink cartridges and they will hold me for the time being. I would have loved sincerely to give an exalting review of this ink but I also want to speak my mind. but&#8230;
THIS ORDER IS BAD DRY TOO FAST BUT I'M NOT EVEN USE IT YET . THIS IS BAD STOCK NOT LAST LONG BOTHER ME HAVE TO GO BUY NEW INK NOW FOR MY PRINTER NEED. THE INKS DOESN'T GOOD EVEN NOT USE BUT DRY RAN OUT NOW.
HP has big problems with cartridges and Support of their ink cartridges. I have has 3 cartridges from 2 of these sets that would not be accepted by the printer. This happens when the electronic chip or its programing is defective or is damaged in transit. This is not terribly unusual but 3 in the same week is. All were within 30 days of purchase and all were sealed until they were installed and refused to print. New replacements did work.The real problem comes when you try to get them replaced under warranty. There is no clear way to contact HP. You need to go to the support section and report it as a problem, Then you get a reply asking you to do several things and print a report which can not be printed with a defective cartridge and scan it and send it to them. Failing that they want 13 separate pieces of information most of which are not printed on the cartridge. Then you get a reply that says it will be replaced but you need to fill out another set of questions and give them the serial number of your printer.  This is a lot to expect of a consumer who has done nothing more than buy a printer cartridge.So far the single pack cartridges are OK. Stick with them or avoid HP altogether. HP has big problems with cartridges and Support
I did not have any problems loading the software for this printer.I connected this printer through USB, as printer functions work faster through USB connections, rather than networking.However, when printing Photos, the Skin Tones were Never Correct.  The faces were always very dark, as well as the rest of the pictures.After working with HP on this problem for Over 6 hours, and downloading other drivers, the Skin Tones were still the same.I tried just copying some pages and the printer could not pull through the regular 20# paper.  I had to remove the paper several times in trying to get the printer to take the paper.Borderless printing on 4 X 6 paper was OK, and had no trouble pulling it through the printer.  Just the paper in the regular bottom tray.Copying was OK for the output, but had trouble pulling the paper through the printer.I never got around to testing the Fax features, as that was not high on my priorities list. Not a Good Printer - Poor Quality
I had a HP 970cxi for years that was a wonderful workhorse of a printer. It had replaced a loathsome Epson which had convinced me never to own another Epson. Well, *this* HP has convinced me to never own another HP printer.The HP Photosmart C7280 All-in-One may be the worst printer in the history of printers.This printer is _helpful_. It knows what kind of paper you have and what kind of printing you want to do. It is oh-so-clever about everything. It knows more about what you want to do than you do. Heaven save you from helpful printers. I'm currently printing CD labels. The printer _helpfully_ notices that the shiny side of my "photo" paper is down. It spits out the label sheet (blank) and chirpily informs me I need to turn the paper upsidedown. Not really wanting to print my labels on the backing, rather than the label, I stuff the sheet back in and hit okay. Then it chirpily informs me there's a paper mismatch with the previous type. An okay on this might yield me two uninterrupted sheets printed before having to go through this miserable process again. Go ahead, turn off every automatic feature and detection feature there is, it doesn't help.Then one of the minuscule half-dozen print cartridges will become empty and the printer will refuse to print anything until it's replaced. I'm often not sure how the [obscure, seldom-used] color cartridge became empty as what I was printing didn't use that color. Sometimes I come to use the printer and will find a color cartridge has supposedly gone empty while sitting doing nothing. This printer is annoying and hideously expensive to run.On the plus side, once you do get the wretched thing to grace you with the boon of an actually printed page, the quality is gorgeous. The printing speed is very fast, but that's irrelevant because of how much time it takes to get to the fast printing. Genuine speed to get to the finished product makes this the slowest printer I've ever had.This doesn't even get us to the scanner, which is its own tangle of "helpful" features.Horrid, horrid, horrid printer. Worst Printer in HP History
Sounded good, before I tried it myself.  First of all, the "Quick Start" guide is 119 pages long.  That ought to tell you something right there--Isn't a "Quick Start" guide usually 1 or 2 pages long?  I'm not finding this to be an even remotely intuitive device. I my humble opinion, this is the most complicated multi-function unit I have ever encountered.  The only thing I can get it to do easily is print.  The Automatic Doc Feeder works...sometimes...for reasons which escape me.  I tried to get it to feed a doc for scanning, it wouldn't do it.  However, it DID feed a doc for faxing.With regard to fax/phone/ans device coordination, not being able to turn off the ringer and not being able to stop the thing from interrupting incoming messages with fax beeping is really annoying.  It made so much noise during recorded messages, I could hardly hear what was being said.  I finally created a bypass phone line that I can just unplug when not in use.  But I've never had this problem with any other fax machine.  With regard to the inability to turn off the ringer, apparently this is not a setting that you can change.  You can only make the ringer loud or normal.  You can't turn it off.When I tried clicking on "Help" for the multitudinous questions I had for how in the world to run this thing, an error message came up indicating there is no help for this model.  (Go figure...)I'm concerned about the comments about it being an ink hog.  But I haven't had it long enough to evaluate that, and if things continue as they have been,  I probably won't have it long enough to know.My last HP died prematurely.  However, out of the box, it was a breeze compared to this machine.  I'm disappointed.  The price is great.  But I guess you get what you pay for, as the saying goes...This reminds me of the 70's and early 80's when you had to be a rocket scientist to run a computer.  I guess I'm not one of those. Hmmm...Not impressed so far...
I bought this printer in April of '08. It died today Oct.17, 2008. I'd be much more upset if it was my only printer. Have not been happy from beginning because of problems with paper handling. Must use rear feed for anything other than 20# paper. Rear feed hard to use and inadequate paper guide leads to many misfeeds. Gave up on using front tray after a month because it kept jamming with it's limited use. Today I got messages there was a paper jam when there wasn't. Mechanisms began to sound horrible and print awful, then my paper did jam and won't clear.A shocker a month ago: ran out of ink in one color. the printer then refused to do any printing at all and wouldn't even let me scan or fax when my task didn't need to use any ink.I'm done with it. I don't even want an exchange if they offered it. I'm going back to HP and Brother. Waste of money
very, very poor quailty. they actually fall apart if you dont handle them like a new born baby. whne you pull out a push pin, a hunk comes out w/it dont buy
I have had spotty success with Epson products in the past, but in researching a new scanner, most of the reviews had about the same amount of negatives and positives, so it was a tossup for me.I chose this scanner because it had the highest dpi resolution among the similarly priced scanners. It looked good out of the box, and I made sure to go to Epson's website and download their latest driver per their instructions there. The scanner was easy to hook up and started up just fine. I was expecting something flimsy, but it seemed solidly made. I made one scan that came out fine, and then the problems started.I got a flashing error light on the unit itself, and the software kept telling me either that the scanner wasn't hooked up properly, or that the "carriage" (whatever that is) was not hooked up right. I spent about a half an hour unplugging the unit, uninstalling and re-installing the driver, re-plugging the unit in, and re-starting my Mac before I could get it to work again.In total, I was able to get 4 scans out of this unit. The orange error light kept re-occurring, and my frustration mounted with every unplug/re-start/re-plug/re-install/etc. I contacted Epson (after slogging through their horrible and vague knowledgebase, what is it with these companies?) and they informed me that it would need service. I'm sorry, but a brand-new scanner should work properly right out of the box and not need immediate service. I have returned it with Amazon's great return policy.To give Epson the benefit of the doubt, the Amazon box that arrived at my doorstep looked like it had endured some abuse, so the scanner may have been damaged or mis-calibrated or something by poor handling.I have decided to try a Canon next time. (though I've had spotty experiences with them in the past, also.) Broken Right Out of the Box
With the included software, this scanner is almost useless. Regardless of how you set the clunky driver software, the scans come out so fuzzy you'll think it's out of focus or smothered in vaseline. The bottom of the scan glass is cloudy as the head passes over it.Oddly if you use VueScan, you'll find that the scans are far sharper -- not great, but far sharper, even without an unsharp mask / sharpening applied.The scanner is extremely fast and the physical body is well designed. Using the multiple page PDF option requires clicking two buttons on the software, not the body of the scanner, for each additional page (why not one button? why not a button on the scanner body?).You can save your settings but you can't assign a name to the saved settings.The Mac software is PPC based so it won't work in Leopard. A very limited subset of features is available via Image Capture and that appears to be Epson's sole solution.Canon's looking very attractive. I bought this based on other reviews at Amazon and wish I'd returned it earlier. A huge disappointment
had to send it back. printer wont recognize cartridge. this is the problem with the cheaper refilled ink. better off with manufacturer's brand. no problems ever. didn't work
I know the reviews on this machine are mixed.  But there were enough good reviews that seemed to indicate a good number of people were happy with some of the features I was looking for.  I have the previous model.  It's adequate.  So I thought I'd give this one a try.  Then I got it and set it up...If anyone out there knows of an answering machine with really good sound quality, I be grateful if you'd make a comment with that information in it.These are the Pros and Cons for me:Pros:  Fairly easy to set upSimple to operateAbout 40 min. recording time.Cons:  The quality of the sound is even worse than the previous model.  It's very tinny and distorted.  Also, when I recorded my outgoing message, there is an echo on my voice!What's with that?Messages left for me have even more of an echo on them.  You notice it more because it's louder and the echo is delayed more than with my outgoing message.The phone cord is hardwired and too short.  I have no idea what the logic is behind hardwiring the phone cord.  I'd like to be able to replace the cord if it fails or, as in my case,I would like to use a longer cord.  I know I can buy an adapter an add a cord, buy why is this even necessary?If you turn it off, it turns itself back on after 10 rings and answers.  If I turn it off, I want it to stay off.It's in expensive and you get what you pay for. Worse than the previous model I had
I've been using HP printers for forever and bought a Lexmark for the first time.  I hate it and now find that the black ink only lasted 1 month!!!!  Hp is MUCH better!!  Wish I never bought the d**m thing!  I'm going back to HP.  I can't afford these prices for one month's ink! Ran out in 1 month of home use!
I purchased these cartridges prior to running out of ink, so I had no need to open them right away. I installed the black cartridge a few days after receiving it, but it was several weeks before I needed to open and use the color cartridge. Although it looked fine, upon installation, my printer displayed the message that this was not the correct cartridge for my model. It is exactly the same as the cartridge I just removed, so I know that isn't true. I put the old one back in - no problems. I put the new one back in, and get the same message. The cartridge is useless to me. Because my "return window" had expired, I can't get a full refund. Very annoying, since people tend to buy cartridges in bulk and open them as needed - not necessarily right away. I won't order these through Amazon again because of their return policy on this type of item. Go to Staples or Office Depot - at least you can return a defective product! Defective Cartridge
I ordered this pack since it said it would work in my Lexmark X7675 printer. Well it turns out that yes the color 43 will fit it but the 44 does not it will not lock in the proper position. The interesting thing is the box says it also fits the X7675.I am sending this back to Amazon. Not what it says
only .5" high not 1"other than obvious lack of function due to height, the material is good, no leaks, does not stiffen up over time, no bad smellInnovera is a better brand too short
At first I loved this. It felt reasonably comfortable and looked nice. It is VERY firm however, and doesn't feel cushioned at all--nothing like other gel products I've seen. But after a few weeks of use, I noticed pain in my wrist, which I'd never had before. Since the only thing about my office setup that had changed was this rest, it seemed the most likely culprit. I stopped using it, and within a couple of days the pain disappeared. It's now serving as a paperweight. I can't recommend it as a wrist rest. Increased wrist pain
FYI This arrived with a WARNING label on the package.  &#34;WARNING:  This product contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.&#34;When are corporations going to stop manufacturing items that are known causes of cancer?  Amazon was excellent about letting me return the item, which I immediately did.  I am going to reread the product description, but I certainly did not notice any mention of any warnings when I purchased it. UNACCEPTABLE
I read the box, there were NO instructions, and it didn't work for me unless I handled the staple (the one to be removed) by holding it and then trying to push the staple remover into position, and then squeezing the handle to remove the staple.  I tested this by stapling paper - just one page of paper - and it was a chore to remove the staples.  I don't like it.I'll stick with the old-fashioned staple remover. Ugh!
Easy-Glide!  Easy-Glide Ink System!Revolutionary right?  No it's not.  I got excited for no reason.Some other reviewers mentioned this easy glide pen being an alternative to the Pilot G-2 Gel Ink Pen...No, its performance isn't remotely close to a gel pen.As a ballpoint pen, it's about average.  1-Star for average?  Yes, it got my hopes up with Easy-Glide this, Easy-Glide that, and it ended up being bogus.With other manufacturers marketing their smooth-flowing ballpoint inks, e.g. Paper Mate with InkJoy (No experience with it), King Uni-Ball with the Jetstream.  I expected something similar to the Jetstream.  A pen that produces distinct, vibrant lines with smooth flowing ink.The marks this pen makes aren't vibrant and aren't smooth flowing.I will give it that its ink is darker than normal BIC pens.  But I have trouble finding a pen that is not darker and more vibrant than the dull, gray ink of BIC's standard line of ballpoint pens.The ink is certainly darker, but the ink flow is the problem.  As I write, I get significant sections of letters that don't have ink.  The ink fades in and out.  The ink needs to be "jump started" every time it touches the paper to get a dark continuous line.  Writing fast always breaks up the ink flow.  This is a good pen for you if you write LARGE, in CURSIVE, and very SLOWLY.Ballpoint pens by Cello (E.g. Cello Silke/Smooth | INC Style Glides, can be found branded as an Off Dpt pen) and the INC Forma, perform a bit better than this pen.  A bit.  They don't get close to the experience of Uni-Ball/Mitsubishi Pencil Co.'s Jetstream hybrid ink (vibrant lines, smooth flow, AND quick drying), but they're better than the average lot.  I also really like BAZIC's 'Oil Gel' pens (low-cost pens, vibrant and smooth flowing ink, but average dry time) found in bargain/dollar stores.Now, WTF is Easy-Glide?  The package cites patent number 6797748 B2.  Some idea taken from printer ink technology which adds (isocyanate free!) polyurethane resin to ink that is supposed to produce an ink vaguely described as "well performing."  It's described as smooth writing and non-seepage.  BIC obviously needs to re-evaluate how they quantify "smooth writing."  Smooth writing, as in lower friction and lower vibration, provided by improved ink lubricity and higher shear strength (and larger nib), at the expense of continuous ink flow is not a good direction to head towards.At least I found out (from reading ink ingredients) that sniffing undried ballpoint ink fumes isn't good for you.Update: Had some more time with this pen.  No, it isn't an average pen.  It is very much below average.  Your standard no names are better.  Normal BICs don't have as bad of a skipping problem that this "easy-glide" pen has.  I would rather use the standard BICs with dull ink instead of the revolutionary skip-tronic technology in these pens..  I don't see myself ever picking up this pen if there is another pen around.---Update 2: Very nice of readers to thumb down as not helpful without explaining why this is not helpful.Perhaps all you care about is whether or not the pen can write, that it can lay down ink in some fashion.  (In that case, why are you reading reviews?  Pick up any generic pen.)The reason why I picked up a few packs of these pens was because of a favorable review comparing the writing ability to a Pilot G2, which this thing's writing experience isn't anything close to, it's the complete opposite.  The ink doesn't flow well enough on first contact.  The ink fades in and out (you get white blanks, missing sections in letters when writing fast).I went into the store and picked up just this item and was looking for only this item.  That's how much effort I put, and I had high expectation, looking for some sort of holy grail of a pen that was dirt cheap and wrote as well as the higher end pens.  I imagined the complete BS "easy glide system" being reminiscent of Hybrid ink tech that you'd find in pens by Uni-ball, Pilot, and Zebra.  This isn't anything close, it's worse than most generic ballpoints in my opinion.If you want a decent writing "ballpoint" pen, head straight to the Uniball Jetstream, Pilot Acroball, the Pentel Vicuna, the Zebra Surari.  Those are the types of pens you want to write with extensively and keep.  This BIC with "easy glide" is the kind of pen you give away and throw away. Very dissapointed.
Why improve the tape roll with something lame? That should have been the question someone asked when this product was designed. This thing ran out of tape in 2 seconds and it cumbersome and awkward. I would not recommend it at all. Zero stars. Ugh
No amount of pushing or prying with a thin, sturdy object would get the tape compartment open, and I eventually decided it wasn't worth losing a finger jumst to have a two inch piece of tape pop out of the dispenser.  It isn't much smaller than a roll of tape on a plastic dispenser, with the advantage that you can strap it over your fingers, but the disadvantage that you can't size the tape as needed.  Is this really an improvement?  Perhaps it's more environmentally friendly over the long run, but only if it works.Back to the drawing board, Scotch! Dispenser compartment wouldn't even open
Shortest review I've probably ever written: Installed software, hooked up scanner, and attempted to use.  Couldn't save or view scans.  Received error message.  No help on Fujitsu website.  None, nada, niente, zip, zero, zilch.  Attempted fixes mentioned on other websites.  Still wouldn't work.  This piece-of-crap scanner is going to be returned tomorrow. Total junk...
This does not work with Mac OS 10.5.5.  You need to update the drivers and then the application, or is it the other way around?  When you need the application, they require the serial number which then says you don't have the the right number (which it was).  You then call and wait 30 minutes to be told you need wait another unannounced time to talk to the Mac department, which never did answer.  I shoved it back in the box after 5 hours of trying to get to run and sent it back to the dealer.  Brother has some very serious customer service problems as well as hardware and software issues.  When the CSR hang up on you, you know you've bought the wrong item!  This is a problem device and they even ask you if it's a QL-570, indicating to me, that they have many issues and complaints with it.  Stay away is my advice, it's not a good thing! OH BROTHER!
This is suppose to assist you in making a smaller box. This does a poor job it and all it does is make some perforations on where you want the new box to fold so you still need a box cutter to finish the job. I find it easier to just use a scissor to cut the corners and then use a box cutter to score the inside of the box. Better yet I use a skil 2352 multi cutter instead of scissors. Save yourself time and mopney and get good scissors and box cutter
I purchased this quite awhile back but never got around to using it.  I plugged it in for the first time today. It started to heat up but turned off after a couple of minutes. Tried letting it cool back down, moving outlets, etc. but nothing works.Unmitigated junk.. Junk! Buyer beware
The two main draws of this envelope from it's description are the easy seal ("Reveal-N-Seal") patented technology, and the blue patterning on the inside of the envelope to obscure what's inside. Unfortunately neither works well. The reveal-n-seal is a strip in the middle to top third of the envelope that you fold up to reveal the adhesive. It's better than licking the glue on an envelope. But the standard type of adhesive where you peel away the waxy paper strip on the top flap is easiest, simplest, and works best. In short, the reveal-n-seal technology (patented) is un-necessary and tries too hard. It's an envelope! Worse, the blue patterning inside won't completely conceal what's inside. I tested it by placing a check inside and you could tell what was in there. Not recommended. Reveal-N-Seal
As is the case with every other person here, it is virtually impossible to get this printer to work...period...if you want to set it up to work as a wireless printer, good luck...no can do.  I've now spent over 3 hours on this with no luck.The instruction guide is useless.I will consult with a network specialist friend of mine regarding this but never have I had such problems with a printer.  If he can't get it to work within a reasonable period of time, I'll gladly send it back and get something functional.DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY...BUY SOMETHING ELSE...DO YOURSELF A HUGE FAVOR!!I wouldn't ordinarily trash a product, but this is the worst I've ever seen.  Don't make the mistake I made...buy an HP, Epson, etc...Brother should be ashamed for even making this thing...virtually NOBODY can get it to work...for those who said they hooked it up successfully through a home network for wireless function, please print detailed instructions!Thanks and Happy New Year...don't buy this printer! DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER
Quite literally.  It was an economical printer while it lasted, which was almost 4 years, but every time I printed from it, my voltage regulators would trip.  Not just the one it was hooked up to - the thing would brown out my entire house.  Then, today, FLASH BANG - one dead voltage regulator, one dead printer, one scared cat in the office.  I do not recommend this product. Mine had power issues and finally sparked out
Brother was very wasteful of material and promoting bad enviornmental practices to require the entire replacement of the large plastic unit. All that's really needed is the long dark tube DR-360. Unfortunately, Brother designed it so you have to purchase the entire unit when it should have made the tube removable.  It's totally wasteful and I'm sure the plastic will not be recycled but will end up in a dump somewhere.  Very sad these corporations are doing this to make more money rather than have any consideration for their customer and our environment at large.My drum light started to flash after about 12,000 prints. Drum Unit vs. Drum Tube Replacement
The product description is incorrect. It says this is a high-yield cartridge. It is the standard cartridge.For $10 more you can but the TN360, which is the high-yield cartridge. It prints 2,600 rather than 1,500 (though in practice 2,300 and 1,200 are more typical -- and, of course, you want to cover the sensor with tape to keep it printing for another 200 pages or so).I have submitted a product description correction.I feel tricked! My cartridge lasted half of what I'd expected -- because it's NOT high yield. The product description is wrong. This is NOT high yield
The first disappointment with this product came after opening the package. It's nothing more than a cheap and unattractive piece of plastic -- nothing you'd want to hang on your wall. The second major problem is the size. Although it might technically be 8.5 by 11 inches, the interior volume of the sleeve is smaller. Therefore whatever object you place inside it will have to be smaller than a standard-size piece of paper. Due to these flaws the product was useless to me. Very disappointing
Magic jack doesn't disclose before porting your number to magic jack include: Ported number renewal fee (Never heard of any company charging renewal of ported number  2. If you want to release the same number and move it to another carrier (because of terrible call quality and terrible customer service), they will charge you another $30.00 whammy on you.  This is a hog wash. There is no call log, no phone customer service, on top of these unscrupulous fees.  They never mention that they will charge renewal fee on a ported number and they will also charge $30.00 if you take the number to another carrier before your porting transaction with magic jack is complete. This is unbelievable!!one year experience: Lost calls, choppy calls, NO CALL LOGS,and for call forwarding you have to go through plethora of web links and chart sessions to get the web link and you have to do the same to remove the call forwarding too.  I am closing my magicjack account and will move to either Nettalk or vonage or Ooma: none of them have ported number fee, and no phone number release fees.  I know, vonage and Nettalk provide call log for free. Magic Jack RIPOFF charges on Ported numbers - BUYER BEWARE!!!
The device worked well for me, but after 4 months, they shut off my Magicjack for violation of terms of service.  It took a bit of effort to find out what was violated and they claimed excessive use.  There is no support number; you have to get support online only with live chat or from their knowledge base.  There is a billing questions number and you can call that.  That's the only way to get a live person, but they only want you to call it for billing questions.The problem is you have no idea what constitutes excessive use or when you might be exceeding their limits.  The terms of service says if your usage exceeds 20 times more than the average customer or more than 50 calls a day you have violated the terms.  The 50 calls is easy to quantify, but what about the 20 times more than the average?  The terms also say it is not limited to just this criteria, so you have no clue what other criteria they might use to decide that you have had excessive use.  There is no way to know what that is.  Instead of just suspending your service for a while, they cut you off permanently with no recourse.  You lose any remaining time you may have paid for.If you are a light phone user, MagicJack may be okay for you, but don't expect to be on the phone for a lot of time or they may cut you off for excessive use, with no recourse, since you must agree to the terms of service.  I would never get this device again.  Read those terms of service before you agree to use this device. Watch Out for their Terms of Service
I did not purchase my magic jack (MJ) through Amazon but rather through the MJ website itself. My biggest complaint about MJ is the voice call quality and dropped calls. Often, the person you are talking to can't hear you and you have to repeat yourself a lot during MJ to landline or mobile phone conversations. The second thing I hate about MJ is the echo you get frequently. This drives me absolutely crazy when having a phone conversation. You say "hello" for example and then you hear the echo "hello" back or whatever it is that you said. This is very distracting and annoying. I suppose you get what you pay for. I have been using MJ for many years. I was even dumb enough to purchase a 5 year service contract but after it expires, I will not renew. Their customer support also sucks. They don't even have a toll free 1-800 number to call if you have a problem. You have to get online and establish a chat connection for tech. support. I know they will tell you they have to do this to keep costs down but this is horrible. I predict this company will eventually go belly up due to the poor call quality and customer support. I just purchased an Obi VOIP phone adapter to try out with google voice. I hope this will be a lot better positive experience than what I've had with MJ for the last few years. No matter how cheap the device or service, I personally still demand a min. level of quality that is acceptable to me. MJ has fallen way below that level so they have now lost a customer for life. From what I have seen and read, Ooma seems to be the best thing going but the up front cost for the unit is pretty high and there is still a nominal monthly ($3 - $5) regulatory fee each month after you buy the unit which I don't quite understand. My review of this product
When I bought this thing I was assured it was a trial. Since two years were cheaper, I went with that. I was also told that I wouldn't be charged for the 30 day trial. Next day, a year of service hit my bank. The phone didn't work at all in my area, so I tried to get customer service on the phone for return - nada. No answer, no voicemail, nothing. I returned the thing as instructed on the invoice, and after a suitable amount of time to get the return, they charged me $89 and I couldn't get it back no matter what. What a bunch of crooks. These people are a real rip-off
Vey cheap.  I had high speed internet and people would tell me I sounded choppy.  Expect it to only last 6 month as cheaply made.  There are many more products out there like Basic Talk.  Although it's $9.99 a month for basic talk in the long run a mich better product.  I'd stay away from this product. NO
This sounds like a great deal -- and it is if you never have to acutally use your phone, but need a numberso you can say you have a home phone nubmer, but never have to actually use it.  I have had MagicJack for 2 years, and they are so far beyond horrible, I can't even say it in words.  It seams like there is always one of the services like caller ID , voice mail, or call forwarding that is not working or services are removed and they do not tell or notify you, and sitll show on the website that they are an available feature.  No chance of speaking to a live person for service - only CHAT through a translater system and most of the ones I have worked with have not been very knowledgeable.  Remember the services is approximate $30 per year - not per month AND YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR !!  - VERY LITTLE.  (if Amazon allowed for negative stars this would be a -2) ABSOLUTELY *&%$#&$@"& and that is putting it mildly !!!!!!
As of this review:  317 5-star ratings, and 486 1-star ratings.  This product has been out for years and they still don't have the bugs worked out.  Great idea, but obviously doesn't work consistently.  And I wouldn't doubt that the inventor is a billionaire even though the product is krap. Didn't work for me
Sent one back a couple of years ago because the sound quality was terrible. Just spent over two hours "chatting" with four different techs.  They could not even get it to work.  This one goes back tomorrow. Techs could never get it to work.
As a Sunrocket customer who got left for dead when they went belly up, i've been trying to find something that worked as well.  Signed up for Vonnage and about 15 minutes later cancelled since I found powerphone, which worked, but their pricing model bothered me since they threw in so many fees that weren't part of the up front thing I signed up for.  So tried this, and it worked intermittently for a while.  I don't like having to have a computer running for this to plug into though, and while I stuck with it for a couple months (since i run a media center PC that is always running, so could use that) but found that the smallest thing could make it not work.  I had a windows update that broke it - i could talk and be heard, but the ear piece no longer played any sound.  And a few weeks ago when I started testing Windows 7 it's incompatible of course.  Not a surprise or their fault, but just shows how much of a pain it is to have a phone that is so totally dependent on compatibility with a computer.  And the inability to do things like disable voicemail so i could use my internal answering machine was frustrating.  I did not like their support model either, just someone you chat with online, who has no real knowledge and just reads from a script. Have since purched an Ooma and am tossing the magic jack in the garbage. Worst VOIP I've tried so far
MagicJack was always a shaky proposition in terms of quality, but it was a cheap option. But there are much better quality options a fairly low prices. For instance, Walmart sells a VoIP device that costs $10 a month, and a wireless portable one at $15 a month.I prefer to use theOBi100 VoIP Telephone Adapter and Voice Service Bridgewhich connects to my Google Voice account, right now. Granted, Google seems to have little interest in Voice, so I don't know how much longer this combo will last, but for now there is no monthly charge, and the OBI device is quite inexpensive.If MagicJack charged ten or 15 dollars a year for service, it might be worth considering, but at $30 it's too expensive. Better quality available cheaper and slightly more
It's as bad as everyone says.  Non-existent customer support.  Takes over computer's entire internet connection for 10-15 minutes at bootup on a quad-core, very fast computer.  Stutters.  People can't hear me talking or complain it's messed up.  It takes over the screen everry time a call is made or comes in, throwing up spam.  It is NOT unlimited.  Read the terms of use.  After about 50 calls a day, they terminate your account and keep your money.  This company had an "F" with the BBB until they paid them off.  Suddenly, they went to an "A".The owner of this company should be sent to prison and never allowed to use a telephone again as punishment for this piece of junk. I want to like it but can't
I was happy for a few hours.  By the end of the day, I removed it and returned it to Walmart.  I have a fast roadrunner cable service.  Movies download fast.  MJ service was usable but static present.  I could live with that.  We use our cells for all our calls, and have no land line, so this was just a supplement.The problem.  This is one big spyware program. May not fit the definition of real spyware, but any program that forces unwanted advertising on my computer is bad news.  It also tracks every number you call. It's almost invisible in your computer.  It doesn't show up in the program files, or the add/remove list.  No uninstaller function.  Programs are sold by third parties to uninstall the program.  This is poor business practice. I'm kicking myself. My speed slowed greatly.  Speed increased after I dumped as many files as I could.  I have several spyware removal programs, and here I voluntarily loaded one of the worst.This item had great possibilities, and may have been a home run had the owners practiced good business ethics, instead of treating their customers like total fools. Pass on this one.
I got a brand new / sealed one of these, plugged it in, created the account, got a phone number, and then got prompt to create new account, went thru the same routine over, and over, and more over. Went to the MJ website and was advised by the chat person that my account is under review!!!!! and I should call customer service, the CS rep. repeated the same &#34;account under review&#34; and told me to call later because they are having a high volume callers now!!!.Each time they ask for name, phone number, email address, etc...Same routine was repeated every time I called, over, and over, ...., still no service.Do yourself a favor and buy something else. You will save money and lots of frustration. New device didn't work, Extremely poor Customer Service
I bought Magic Jack hoping I can save money on my phone bill. It so happens Magic Jack phone device doesn't work. I immediately follow their direction and put it in different USB port and wait for FULL 3 minutes for it to install. It didn't work nor show any sign of installation. My computer run in Window Vista and later I try it on my laptop which runs in Window 7 and it doesn't work. I know its not my computer because I try it on my friends as well. Still it doesn't work. I thought it suppose it to be easy as 1-2-3 obvious its not. I highly recommend nobody to buy this. There is a reason why there is 355 negative reviews of 1 stars than good. Bad Quality! Horrible! There is a reason why there's 355 negative reviews.
I bought this hoping for a second line but it did not work very good.sound was awful, static and tunnel sound.  Could not hear my friends they kept complaining they could not here me.I sent it back and got my money back, but not return postqage as they promised.They never discontinued my account I still: after 6 months, get email messages saying I have messages on my email account.  This means I aqm still connected to MJ,I called and they kept me on the net for a total of 2  1/2 hours and basically said nothing, So every time I get a prank call or annoyance call my internet connect is compromised and I get an email telling me I have a message.I am still conected to MJ and I will be contacting some government agency such as the FTC, or public advocate, or Board of public utilities.If we all do this when we are not happy with these products maybe they will think twice about messing with the public. Awful everything
I've used tissue that seemed more sturdy than this board. The magnets are very weak. The board fell right off the fridge and the plastic boarder cracked. Not very well made at all. Look Elsewhere.
Keep in mind this phone really should be powered by its AC adapter or, at the very least, a small 9 volt battery. How long a tiny 9 volt battery will last is an open ended question.Without AC power, the phone barely functions. Yet, to be fair, in some vague way you can still say it functions. Without power - the lights for which line is in use don't work, the speaker phone does not work, and virtually every other function of this phone will not work. Yet to be extremely fair, you could make a phone call - just don't expect even a simple led to light up when you select which phone line you want to use or even to light up if the phone rings.I have had a few Panasonic multi-line phones over the years and they all worked perfectly, even without a power adapter or batteries.This phone also has a POOR interface: When I plugged this phone in - using the supplied AC adapter - I got a bright red light on line 2 saying a message was waiting. No such message existed and I could not figure out how to extinguish it. I don't think I should need to consult a manual or call customer support to use a basic two line phone!The bottom line is this phone is a step backward from the traditional designs which are decades old. These older designs were powered by the phone lines themselves and had simple pushbuttons and lights. What used to be a simple press of a button to select line 1 or 2 is no longer so simple on this phone. You have lights and what appear to be corresponding push buttons on this phone yet sometimes they are not push buttons - just raised pieces of chromed plastic. A very confusing layout for what should be a simple device.This phone is being shipped back to Amazon as I type this.One Star - NOT recommended Junk
I must constantly redial numbers because this phone does NOT record a ten-digit number if it is dialed other than slowly.  You must wait for about 15 seconds to have a recorded message tell you -- incorrectly --  that you did not dial the required 10 digits.  This is incorrect because all ten digits that you dialed show up in the Caller ID screen.  AT&T said they will replace the phone for $15, but it would be with another Model 993.  I believe the problem is in the design and engineering of the phone and that a new unit will not correct my problem. A Major Flaw
It was a very heavy duty machine, all metal, and worked well for just about a year, with only a couple of times where I had to take it apart to remove jammed plastic... But then... it ate a document so thoroughly that there was no getting it out. Smoke was pouring out of the machine and the plastic pouch was completely adhered to the inner heating rod! Even after almost completely disassembling it, there was still no getting all the plastic out of there and we have had to scrap it and buy something better. You get what you pay for? It worked for one year
I bought this and it does not heat the laminate enough make it stiff.... just &#34;kind of sort of&#34; enough to bond the two sheets together. I used another laminator here at the office and with the same film it works great. So I know the issue is with this machine.I'll chalk this one up as &#34;You get what you pay for&#34;... in this case I should have purchased something that costs more than $18.I threw away the packaging so returning it is out of the question now. I should have known better.1 star for not working at all. Garbage - Buyer beware
Out of the box this item was plenty comfortable and colorful.  The kids loved it.  But within a couple weeks it had popped and the gel was oozing out.  Not sure whether that's a construction problem or an abuse by kids problem, but either way it didn't stand up too well. Your mileage may vary
This certainly seems like it might be a great cart, but I had no opportunity to find out because of the way it was packed. After opening Amazons absurdly large and poorly taped box, fighting through layers of torn cardboard and paper, I was confronted by the largest amount of tape I've ever sen. This tape, clear and sticky, was difficult to remove, and the little that I diod get off the product left a thick, sticky residue behind. It would've taken a few hours to clean the cart, since the tape was on every surface. (see photos) What a thoughtless way to ruin a perfectly serviceable product. And yes, it does stink too. Needless to say, I returned it. I'm not sure who has enough time and will to dedicate a whole day to cleaning of a new product, but I sure think that it ought to arrive clean.  Also, I've never seen a worse packing job from Amazon. I had to use an entire roll of packing tape to get the package back into some approximation of a box to send this thing back. I can only guess that this item used to be delivered in a more reasonable condition, given the many favorable reviews, but as of May 2011, you get an unholy, stinking mess for your money. Stay away. Impossible to use because of insane packing
After using this cart very lightly (2 to 3 times a month) for about 4 months, I cannot think of anything that liked about it.The construction quality was below average when compared with other similar products. The material used, though appeared to be metal-based, was very fragile. The tiny rods could be bent very easily by a 5-year-old.The assembly was a nightmare because when I received it, they included a front rod from a smaller model of this cart so that didn't fit. Amazon shipped the replacement right-away but it shows that the manufacturer (not Amazon) had no quality controls - resulting in frustration and dissatisfaction from the very start.The instructional manual that was included was totally worthless because it included rough sketches (and not actual pictures) of parts to assemble. The actual instructions were apparently translated using Google Translate from some other language (perhaps Chinese?).The wheels were held by thin pins and I remember thinking that this is definitely not going to last long. The wheels themselves were of very poor quality material that was that appeared like a hybrid between rubber and plastic.You may have noticed that I'm using the past tense when talking about this cart. That's because about a month ago, the wheel lost the pin that was hold it. I don't remember where it was dropped. I could go buy another pin from Home Depot but I am not going to because that's not the only problem that I'm seeing with this cart. I've noticed back rod that joins the two wheels is also bending so the wheels are not long straight. It makes pushing this cart even more difficult now. Oh, talking about wheels, I forgot to mention that one of the biggest disappointments with this cart was finding out that the front wheels cannot turn so the cart can only go straight. To turn you have to really pull the cart toward you so the front two wheels are not touching the ground and then you can maneuver it.In retrospect, I should have returned it for full refund when I found out that the rod didn't fit instead of requesting a replacement. Not worth half the price
UPDATE 2:  After a couple years of VERY light use, my opinion of this phone has dramatically gone down hill.  At first there were little glitches, like how every call that comes in, even ones that are answered, show as missed calls on the phone.  That, I could live with.  But, they also developed a habit of losing thier link to the base, for no apparent reason. One of the handsets has completely gone bad.  Another will only ring and cuts out if you try to answer it, even when at the base, so it's not out of range, and despite having a full charge on the battery.  I'm down to my last functioning handset, which also cuts out, but usually only when I talk for 20 to 30 minutes.  I don't use the phones that much, so I'm still debating whether to replace them or cancel my basic phone service.  Should I replace them, it definitely won't be with another Panasonic.  I know from past experience with their dvd players that Panasonic doesn't believe in standing behind their products.  Their warranties are some of the worst in the industry at 1 year parts, but only 90 days labor, which the labor is often 2/3 of the bill.I've used this 3-phone set for a year or two and have been very happy with the design and performance.  They replaced a previous set of Panasonic phones, as I needed a third base and found it more affordable to buy this set of 3 new than to purchase a new unit from Panasonic for my previous set.  I'm glad I did, as not only did these phones cost less than the 2-phone Panasonic set I previously bought, despite an open box discount at Circuit City (amazon is definately the first place I'll check for prices from now on), but this set improves on the previous generation in features, range and, most important to me, sound quality.  This is the clearest sounding phone I think I've had since switching from tethered to cordless.  I haven't owned too many different models, but of the GE's, Unidens, V-Techs, and even previous generation Panasonics that I have used, none were as clear as even the speaker phone function on this phone, which is what I primarily use and when I ask, people I'm talking to never even realize they're on speaker, so the transmitting receiver must be pretty good too.The phones range is phenomenal.  I've carried it outside, talking at least 50 yards from the house and even further from the base, without even a hint of static or signal loss.  It has a large feature set, but I'm not really a phone person, so I haven't used most of what it can do, other than the basic phone and answering machine functions.  That you can automatically transfer your contacts to the other phones is much more convenient than having to program them into each phone separately, but I was used to that from the previous Panasonic I used.  I like that it has an intercom function and the included belt clip is nice too.  I rarely am around a phone enough to use it, but I leave it attached just in case, as it doesn't seem to hinder sound clarity, despite it partially covering the speaker phone speaker.My sole criticism of these phones, which I find significant but not a deal-breaker, is that, on occasion, an incoming call doesn't register on one or both of the satellite bases, causing me to miss the call because the satellite base fails to ring (still goes to the main base where the caller can leave a message though).  Both bases are less than 30 feet away from the main unit, in opposite directions, but are usually behind closed doors.  It's not common, but in the year or two that I've had these phones, it's happened at least a half dozen times that I know of.  Usually I'm within earshot of the primary receiver, so I don't know exactly how often it may occur.  It's probably relevant to note that my previous Panasonic phone set was the same way and thus it could also be related to where one of the bases is kept (on the floor in a dedicated HT with insulated walls for sound control).  All the other phones I've used have only had a single base, so I can't offer any conjecture as to whether it may be normal for multiple base units or a problem unique to Panasonic.  But since it's not too consistent, and I'm not much of a phone talker, it's been a fairly minor inconvenience.  So far, none of the missed calls qualified as emergencies or were very important.For its sound quality and range, I'd definately buy these phones again.  Infact, I purchased a set for my sisters family at Christmas.  Her husband is a minister, so between the two of them, they spend a lot of time with calls and seem very happy with these too.UPDATE:  Having used these phones for quite awhile now, I would still repurchase them, or the newest incarnation of them.  However, I find the sound quality so clean and clear I usually use the speaker phone feature when calling.  It sounds clear and nobody I talk to can tell I have them on speaker when asked.  Each handset has a speaker phone option on the handset itself.  That said, when using speaker phone, the sound tends to go in an out on all three phones as you move around, depending on how they're held.  If you hold them still, or set the phone on a desk, the sound stays constant, but sometimes if you tilt your hand a little while holding one of the phones the sound fades to a nearly inaudible whisper.  The mic seems to still receive fine; this only appears to affect the speakers output.  It's not a deal breaker.  You just have to be more conscious of how you're holding the handset at times, but it's still a bit annoying and, I suspect, something that Panasonic should be able to easily fix in production.  Hopefully they have with newer models. Panasonic is now a name I avoid in phones.
I "upgraded" from theUniden TRU-8885 3HS Cordless Speakerphone 5.8GHzthinking that the Panasonic phone system would clear up occasional interference from other wireless devices.  Unfortunately, the Panasonic system is a major step down from the much older Uniden system.  Voice quality is mostly very bad, even when standing next to the phone base.  The menu system is cumbersome to navigate and get voice messages.  As a comparison, the Uniden had a single button to obtain voice messages; the Panasonic requires three clicks through the menu system.  The caller ID is far to slow to display or verbally announce callers.  Overall, I'm very dissatisfied with this purchase. Poor Voice Quality, Cumbersome Menu Operation
This stapler broke within the first few times of use. I tried to staple 10 pages and it started to jam and misfeed the staples. Then it couldn't even staple a single piece of paper properly.In my search for another mini-stapler, I purchased theSwingline Tot Staplerwhich has a much more solid stapling mechanism, is smaller, and actually works. Broke immediately. Get the Swingline Tot instead.
I am surprised that so many people like this stapler. It works fine as a stapler but it is so loud that I could never take it to a meeting or class. It is so loud that it scares my dog everytime I use it. I can't wait to get rid of it! Loud!!
These folders are flimsy and hard to expand without tearing. The colors are very dull. I would not buy again! Bad
I would have given this three stars, due to the font and tape limitations, but the fact that it can take up to 5 minutes to peel a lable, using it's useless built in tape peeling assistance "tool".  Best to use an exacto knife... just be careful if you are ill-informed enough to buy ANY Brother P-touch.  Prepare for ultimate frustration Impossible to peel the tape!!!!!!!
I was looking for a color that evokes a feeling of Autumn time, so I went into my local stationary store, and although the selection wasn't huge, this was one of the colors that struck me. Although the name of the color didn't describe my intentions, the color swatch assured me this was the right choice. Loaded it up in my Lamy Safari with a fine nib and the ink would not even stop skipping long enough to complete a word. Tried on several different papers including a Moleskine and Bristol Board, still nothing. Beautiful color, just refuses to start or stay started with writing. Unfortunately, not a very reliable ink. Good Looking, Not Reliable.
Well here it is, not even a month later and the sharpener no longer works.  Let's see how long it takes to replace it.and now 2 weeks later, I have replaced it myself with ax XACTO School ProAnd now they want me to package it up, pay to send it back (use a bus to go to the PO)and they are going to charge me ANOTHER handling fee.But the Xacto is working beautifully.Dianne Schuch Lindsey dlschuch at Salon.com (Open Salon) I thought it was great, but it aint
I ordered this sharpener for my classroom based on the positive reviews it received.  It lasted exactly 20 days in service.  I would not buy this sharpener again nor would I recommend it to anyone. Much promise but disappointing
I haven't found one good electric sharpener yet.  This is a piece of crap.  It sharpens for a little while and then you can't use it anymore.  Don't waste your money on this.  I purchased it for my 4th grade class and I only used it for about two months and that was it.  It's no good for heavy duty.  Then I purchased a heavy duty one like this and that one was just as bad.  They just don't make any good sharpeners anymore. Sharpener
I bought this because of all the positive reviews on here but I was not impressed at all. Looks and feels like cheap paper. I was expecting high quality paper but was very disappointed. Not great
Prepare for one very honest review ... 3M should think twice about charging (what is tantamount to) a king's ransom for this potential doorstop.Pros:Honestly, none that I can find. (And, I usually can find SOMETHING positive to note about a product).Cons:Installation was a nightmare. I originally ordered this for the desk in my office. However, once I received the astonishingly weighty tray (over sixteen pounds), I realized that I would have to drill sizable holes in one fairly expensive desk. Rather than nervously bore holes through a valuable piece of cherry, I decided to first experiment with it on a less pricey piece. And, thank goodness for that! Not only was installation a struggle (I needed an extra person to help me), but the end results was far from ergonomic. At first, I just assumed that I would have to "get used to" it (maybe years of ingrained, bad habits would have to be broken). Turns out, this was just painful and bizarre. No matter how I altered the product, it was just awkward. And, "awkward" soon translated to aches. Perhaps 3M needs to reexamine their design ... perhaps it's just a problem with me.If you were considering this on a whim, I vote that you skip it. If you came here because you are dead-set on buying this, maybe you will have better luck. (And, with these new reviews posted here, you will have a clearer idea of the potential drawbacks). Not Yet Perfected ...
i have bought these hp in tanks  for genral use and photo work-- all printers use up ink faster when copying photos makeing copys-- these are  real ink tanks but  refiled.  by law they  must use real tanks (plastic)but there not real hp --it may look like it-- but  the ads and packeing are older styel  pacaking--  they dont last at all--  get this--  when i did by them and  install them  my printer  ink leval was clear there not real hp- ink.some them were leakeing--  i contacted one of the companys  they said they get them in retail  from stapels or office maxthey replaced them with same ones---  i did contact HP--ON FRAUD  they are looking into this-- as 2 ov these companys were closed and law suites  plus they were useing the hp web sites on boxes.i use  the model HP  7510  PHOTOSMART  its great---there are honest sales on  none use brands  iv used company ink grabersfor genral use on another document printer  (epson)  be carefull not to damage your printers..  and your pocket $these ink tanks are grabage  yes the printer status showed  there not real ink -from HPEDDY  NEWTON MASS. REAL GARBAGE LIES XX
AMAZON IS THE BEST BUY!  The store named Best Buy claims to have a 30 return policy. I bought an HP printer from the so-called Best Buy store and I soon ran out of ink.  I also had a terrible time with the HP printer.  The HP printer had very little ink, it took forever too get the printer to start, it made a lot of noise when compared to other Brand named printers, it took a long time to print let alone shut down and it printed a test page that used up a great amount of INK without me directing it to.  The HP printer also has very little INK that comes with the HP printer and when I purchased extra regular INK cartridges I ran out very soon. I found this out with HP printers; very little INK.  If you buy a regular HP ink cartridge you are buying what I call a sample HP INK cartridge since it runs out of ink quickly.  If you think about it the HP cartridges that show 2.5 times more INK are the same size as the regular cartridges.  You then have to ask, "how much ink do they really put in the regular OVER priced HP INK cartridges"?  I considered myself cheated when I bought the regular sized cartridge.  My personal opinion is that the HP 2.5 times more INK cartridges run out after printing only about 50% more than the regular overpriced HP INK cartridges while you end up paying a lot more.The only good thing about my experience with the Best Buy store is that I was able to try out the HP INK supply and the printers' performance!  I could suggest doing the same but I won't.  I will state that I wasn't shy returning the HP printer to the Best Buy store because I was not afraid of this chain store and I was not satisfied with the performance of the HP Printer.  Best Buy says you have 30 days to return the HP Printer you should have 30 days but this is a misnomer!  I tried the HP printer I bought from the Best Buy store and I didn't like its performance.  The Best Buy store states that you can return it within 30 days for a full refund if you don't like its performance.  I took the Best Buy store for their word and I returned the HP printer to the Best Buy store after 25 days of use.  The Best Buy store would not take the return without me signing a statement stating that I would not return anything I buy until after a 90-day period from the time I returned the HP Printer.  I should have told them to F off and accept my return without signing their statement.  The Best Buy store also wants a photo ID from everyone when they return something.  If the item is being charged back to your credit card then you should not have too give them any ID!  This amounts too invasion of privacy (Big Brother).  AMAZON IS THE BEST BUY!  AMAZON DOES NOT ASK FOR A PHOTO ID!My opinion is that the Best Buy store is not the BEST BUY! I believe Amazon is the BEST BUY!MY OPINION IS THAT Amazon does have the BEST BUY.  Amazon is not like the so-called Best Buy store.  It is my opinion that Amazon ALWAYS gives you the BEST BUY.  I will stay committed to Amazon and quit buying from the so-called Best Buy store.  Amazon has fantastic delivery, great service, in most states no tax, in most cases free shipping, extended warranties are available and Amazon will take care of any problems immediately, unlike the so-called Best Buy store! Save your money!
I sent the tray back.  It was to be a set of 6 stacking trays.  Only 1 tray was in the box.  Really?  If the missing 5 trays were included It would have been ideal. I sent it back
JUNK PLASTIC, WHICH IS MADE FLUMSY. NEVER SPEND YOUR MONEY ON SUCH A THING. SPEND A LITTLE MORE AND GET SOMETHING THAT WOULD STAY TOGETHER. NOT A GOOD PRODUCT. TOO EXPENSIVE TOO.
It's junk.  It's nothing like what the ad describes.  The picture might look pretty good, but there is a lot of plastic in this chair that can break.  The one I ordered was dead on arrival with a broken right armrest.  I saw no noticeable damage on the box.  So I know what happened is that the box got bounced.  That's all it took to break the plastic armrest.  The armrest is really a loop of plastic that is held onto the chair by one bolt.  The right armrest broke all the way through exactly where the bolt was!  Of course, that's where the stress would be from a bounce.  The point is, it shouldn't have broken.  And the inconvenience and cheapness of this thing will keep me from ever ordering another one. Don't buy it!
I love Amazon, but I am never ever buying a chair from them again. Why, because these things are a pain in the butt  to return once assembled. I got this chair on December 16 2013. Today is March 5th.  - that's TWO AND A HALF MONTHS. The cheap leather wannabe is now torn in two different places, and the chair is not as comfortable as you think it will be. It's kind of hard to explain, but it feels like I am falling forward, and not by design to promote  good posture. As soon as you lean back, your butt moves forward. Height wise, it was no problem, but when moving around, it sounds like cranky old metal.  I'm guessing by the summer, this will start losing its hydraulic, too. I paid $149.00. No, it's not an expensive chair, but come on, two and a half months?Two words: Rip Off Absolutely, Positively Awful. No better than a $49.00 chair
HORRIBLE!!! Terrible experience and I am literally crying now, because I could not afford to lose $142. First of all, it arrived defective as in MOST of the screw holes were not threaded. We contacted the manufacturer and replacement parts were shipped out - THEY TOO ARE DEFECTIVE... however better. Only 2 of the screw holes were not threaded so I figured "okay, I'll have an unsteady desk.. I can live with this.." Nope. Now the glass -seriously - DOES NOT FIT! One out of three pieces fit- the other two are TOO BIG and seriously -they do not fit. They cannot sit down. The desk is NOT USABLE like this. I got it all put together prior to figuring this out; obviously the glass goes on last. Which means I cannot ship it. I am out $142 that I did not have.. I used xmas money to buy myself a much needed desk- I am a college student and I have back pain from hunching over laptops all day. I now have no xmas money, no new desk and a big defective heap. Seriously heartbroken about the situation...-Screwed over pretty badly,Jessie R.I do NOT recommend this product or any others from this company. :( :( :( Devective product! Replacement parts -STILL DEFECTIVE
The printer had been purchased as a replacement for a 20-year old HP Laserjet III.  My expectations of the new printer had been tempered; however, the product proved more disappointing than I could bear.  The unit was of flimsy build quality.  Print quality was poor.  There were numerous stray streeks on the printed pages. HP's once legendary service branch was of no help.I exchanged the printer for a Xerox 6130 -- WOW, what a difference!!I've been burned enough times with HP products during the last few years that it comes easy to write that this printer may well have been my last HP purchase. Bought it ... and exchanged it for the Xerox 6130
This is a terrible product. Here are the problems we've had with it:- Frequent paper jams in both the paper and scanner feed- Frequently says it's out of paper when it's not- Sometimes it gives an error while scanning or starts scanning and then never finishes- The feature that is supposed to smartly detect photo borders when scanning multiple photos often doesn't work- Confusing and annoying software with too many popups and murky choices- After changing the ink and aligning, it keeps showing the message asking you to align anyway- Confusing front panel that makes you select "Scan Color" first, even if you want to scan in B&W;I know HP can make good products, but you have to pay for them. We also have a more expensive but similar HP which works fine and has much simpler and better software. Awful, terrible, horrible
The first printer I received had a paper feed problem (not in the auto feeder, from the paper tray). The second replacement printer HP sent will not print color for some reason and I've tried everything. This printer is extremely low end, hence the low price.  It's operation and materials are of low quality.  So far I've invested three hours attending to HP's problems with their defective printer.  In order to get a replacement, you have to walk through their phone instructions. You then have to repackage their printer for return and drop it off to a FedEx location.  I will never buy another HP low end printer as long as I live and certainly only from a distributor that excepts returns.  Buying this was a huge mistake. **Update** it prints a simple pdf page with simple black text at 2 minutes per page.  Beware, this printer should be free to consumers because of what HP makes on its cartridges. Two Defective Printers Received
I bought used cartridges, and my printer wouldn't recognize them.  They were in a different brand packaging.  Wasted my money when I could have paid a few more bucks to get the real thing.  Yes, HP cartridges don't last long. Please do not buy used cartridges
Today's inkjet and deskjet printers are JUNK and deliberately designed to make the customer pay for them over and over again in INK COSTS!!  Do yourself a HUGE favor -> if your at this page thinking of buying this ink, yeah it's probably the best one for your money...but what's so much better is if you please consider investing in a cost effective and inexpensive LASER PRINTER that suits your needs and will end up paying for itself so you NEVER need to be here again buying this!!There is a decent selection here at Amazon -> Make a WISE choice by at least taking a look at what's available before buying more inkjet INK again and AGAIN!!! WASTING OF MONEY - BUY A LASER PRINTER!!
I would not suggest ordering this item from "Linkyo" (SuperMediaStore.com) folks. They will deliver within the time THEY specify but believe me it could be days and days AFTER you have made your order. Product original HP packaging and quality but I found no savings from ordering from this company so while waiting for their item I did what I should have done in the first place.....I went to WalMart and bought it for the same price but got it instantly! Sheesh can I be dumb sometimes! Company Rating not Item Rating.
Having purchased an HP 4500 officejet a while back I also picked up some ink for it. 901 color and 2 - 901 black  cartridges(family does a lot of B&W; printing)  I am not impressed at all with the 901 black.  It is substandard at best and produces very  mixed results.Usually we print stuff on FAST (economy) and while the cartridge is rated for 200 pages, we actually got around 250-300 on the first one which puts it at around 125-150 for Normal.  (Usually fast/economy uses half the ink as it only does a single pass instead of two or three)  The strange part is.. the second cartridge we got was terrible performance.  I estimate by around 150 Fast/Economy the cartridge was starting to show it was almost out of ink already which would put it at around 75-100 pages normal!?I was a bit shocked because there was such a deviation.  I did some research and found out that HP rates their Cartridges using an ISO standard Text document. They test on a J4580 printer which is an INK SAVER printer. If you do not own a J4580 then obviously you will get different results.Because it is rated on a Text document keep in mind, print out a page that is loaded with black bars(like a bar graph) it will devour your ink; yet print out a page that has only a small amount of text you could go for 300+ pages easily.  I rarely complain about ink cartridges but I must say HP really should put some more ink into the standard 901 black; considering a 901XL has over 3x the rating (200 vs 700). Plus they should rate them using a "Standard" printer not an Ink Saver printer.  VERY MISLEADING !!OVERALLAvoid the 901 black!!  While they perform just fine and do have black ink in it that works, the cartridges performance is determined by how much black you print per page not by # of pages.  I would recommend instead spending the extra money and getting the 901XL black which is rated for 700 pages.  Once I got one of those I found I was able to print an entire ream of paper (500 pages) and the cartridge was still 50% full (all on economy/fast)  So despite paying twice the price I already DOUBLED my output compared to a 901 standardIn short.. avoid!!  get the 901XL as it will pay for itself. Avoid... Get The HP 901XL Instead...
WIFI connection is tedious and time consuming to set up - and often the printer has to be recycled several times just to find a router that is in the same room.Once the connection is set, connection has to be manually recreated every few hours - a 5 to 10 minute process.  It loses the connection easily and it does NOT automatically recreate the connection like other wifi devices do.  I have to reset the machine to "default settings" and start from scratch.None of my other wifi devices have this problem.  They all find the router easily and if they lose it, they find it automatically, let alone having to begin from scratch.I have spent time with their technical support on the telephone, numerous times, who confirmed that this is NORMAL behavior. Also, my router is very reliable when it comes to other devices.  Even guests visiting with devices have no trouble using the wifi.The Brother machine seems to use its own proprietary approach to wireless and therein lies a problem.  That is, you have to load special software onto every machine that will print wireless.  So don't expect guests with computers using your wifi to easily print from their computers via wifi unless you invest the time to load the software.The user interface for other functions is very kludgey and unreliable. I often have trouble getting this thing just to make a copy.  Seriously.Overall I feel that I wasted $300 and a lot of time.  You know, I research so carefully before I buy; I read reviews, make comparisons, and review product literature.  Buying this piece - particularly for the purpose of printing wireless - was a VERY bad move.PS: If you check my history of Amazon reviews, I think you will find it is rare that I am as unhappy with a product let alone furious as I am with this one and this company. I will not buy from this company again and I will strongly recommend that friends and family avoid products by the Brother Company. WIRELESS IS DIFFICULT AND UNRELIABLE
The basics: Textured plastic surface (probably to aid old-school ball mice to track) with a Post-It-type glue back to hold in place either on your desk or on the top of your laptop when you're on the go.My reaction: I do not like the feel of the textured surface. It irritated my hand as I used the mouse. My optical mouse did not like the pattern on the surface, and the cursor would jump occasionally. Not very useful. I get better results just using the mouse on the table top. No good.
Other purchasers may have been luckier than myself, but I sent this back for a refund. It did not work as advertised, other than it did indeed stick/restick, as mentioned in the description. But it did not give a smoother "mousing" experience. I placed the 'pad' directly on my computer desk (which is really a long conference table with a hutch so I could turn it into a 'computer desk' of sorts) surface. Unfortunately, my mouse (an optical Hewlett Packard precision laser tracking mouse) skipped all over the place. I had greater success with mouse/cursor movement placing the mouse directly ON the table surface. I also did not get extended battery life, as, ironically, I had to put in new batteries about 2 weeks(?) after it arrived in the mail, lol. So IMO, if you are looking for a better alternative to a foam mouse pad/smoother mousing experience, I would not personally recommend the 3M Precise Optical Mousing Surface. It did not live up to its advertising. (But as always, the return process with amazon.com was a breeeze.) Does not work as advertised (my experience)
At first, I liked this pen very much.  But it leaked ink on a nice dress shirt, ruining it.  Apparently, they cannot put liquid ink in a retractable pen like this without some of the pens leaking.  Bummer, not only because of the ruined shirt but also because I liked the way the pen worked. IT LEAKED AND RUINED A SHIRT!!  :(
This will work for a short time, after which you can tap, pound, plead, jiggle and anything else you can think of, and nothing will come out of it.  I just tossed the two that I purchased.  A waste of money. A loser
Your comment couldn't be more true.  I hope someone gets a Class Action lawsuit going to stop HP madness.  Their INK cartridge information isn't nearly correct.  Look at Epson and the Class Action lawsuit they had to settle due to false claims.  Thanks for confirming what I thought was HP hype.  When you buy the 2.5 times longer ink cartridge and the cartridge is the same size as the regular ink cartridge you have too ask yourself why is it the same size?  Then you think again about the regular sized ink cartridge taking up the same amount of space as the XL cartridge and it all adds up.  The regular size is what I call a "SAMPLE PACK" which may be the same amount you get when you buy the HP printer and find out you got only a SAMPLE PACK!!!!! RUN FOREST, RUN AWAY FROM HP. Run FOREST, RUN FROM HP
I usually purchase my ink cartridges directly from HP.  I will certainly do that in the future.  It may have been retailer packaging but these cartridges haven't worked since I put them in.  I get an error messages from my printer, it shows the ink levels almost gone when I've only printed 4-5 items (most of which were my test/clean printheads pages), and when I try to print, the color is streaked and very faint.  Even a diagnostic or clean printheads won't print correctly.  I wasted $26 and will have to purchase these cartridges again (from HP this time) in order to use this printer!  Would not recommend anyone purchase from this seller.  Substandard product. Wouldn't buy these cartridges again!
The printers for this type of ink are the worst of the worst.  The new ink cartridges are like sample cartridges.  I would stay away from HP like the plague.  If you want a "sexually transmitted disease" or "pound a nail in your head" I would go for it but I would rather do that than keep paying for HP Ink.  HP is living off an old reputation.  I have an "HP Photosmart Premium eAll in One" printer with two drawers.  I print primarily on a setting of "Plain paper, fast draft, Black" with most of my printing done on 3 1/2" shipping labels that have only mailing and return addresses on them.  I use the same setting while printing on standard letter paper.  This type of setting is perfect for what I do.  I printed only 264 - 8 1/2" x 11" pages with the above settings, 1,354 3 1/2 x 5 shipping labels with the above settings and I used color on only 3 - 4X6" photos.  My color ink is exhausted after using the original ink that came with the printer and a complete set of 5 new printer inks (Photo Black, Black XL and C,Y,M.  I asked HP why did the color deplete and their comment was that I am getting a false report from my printer yet they cannot explain why my printer won't print because I am out of C,M,Y and standard XL Black.  I had to replace the Photo Black twice!  What is going on with HP?  My opinion is HP is putting starter ink in all of the over priced new cartridges.  HP: STOP THIS MADNESS AND TREAT THE CONSUMER LIKE A HUMAN AND NOT LIKE A PRODUCT!!!!!  START TREATING US WITH RESPECT AND YOU WILL NOT GET COMMENTS LIKE THIS.  Epson has far surpassed HP in quality and Ink retention. Low capacity Ink - HP got it right for their company
HP has really raised the level with the printer ink scam.  They must play golf with the corporate executives who work in the men's razor blade industry.  My HP printer has a lot of great features but aside from having terrible drivers, it runs out of ink FAST and I only print occasionally.  The older HP printer I had previously was alright and had ink cartridges that lasted many months with the same usage as with my new printer.So, now we basically have to buy their XL cartridges to get the same life as their previous "standard" cartridges, all for a much higher price than before, and they package new printers with cartridges that are ultra low on ink and assume we're all just dumb hicks who won't notice.No more HP printers after this one. Buy another brand printer
Item came from "Ink EXPRESS", the product indicated that it was sold in the retail packaging, including a picture of same. When I received the item it was enclosed in bubble wrap, NOT retail packaging. Not as advertised
HP has informed me there not real ink tanks , there refilled and used for displays in stores, there retail!!with a short time use and can jam damage your hp printer, hp will not cover any damages from useing this and  many wont fit!!!  AMAZON NEEDS TO KNOW THE FACTS!!  im not a dealer for amazon or HP , only a AMAZON CUSTMER-most of my printers are  HP-- not the real thing buyers
More like 25-50 pages.  This is so misleading and so frustrating.  HP has got to come up with a better solution, I hate running out so frequently.  I rarely print and the 10000 applications HP installed with my printer start forcefully reminding me to buy another cartridge within a week or two.  ugghhhhh. 250 pages???
I've spent several hours trying to figure out why this printer won't show up on a list of printers for wireless connecting. What's made this completely frustrating is how seemingly random and generic every HP support page or pdf is. A hour into troubleshooting seeing HP in the URL meant 'no useful information.'  (I've given up trying to use the school's HP P2055dn,  and purchased a Brother printer to use instead.I decided to stop wasting anymore time and give up when the tip was &#34;look at page 80&#34; of a 144 page manual. If there's a fix, I couldn't find it. Terrible Support
I had an Epson 2200. I loved it. I upgraded to this. I hate it in every way.You have to swap out the ink from matte to glossy if you change paper types. It insists you do. There is no way around it (There was on the 2200). This means that every time I print on a DVD, I have to switch the ink. To do so, the printer primes itself and literally takes 7-10% of the ink to do it. Then to switch it back there goes another 7%. I have gone through so much ink I can hardly stand to look at it.Sorry Epson, but the jig is up. This swapping ink system is a scam.Just for kicks, here is the final straw that triggered this review:I had just printed a glossy b&W; print. Then I needed to print a CD so I switched out the photo-black to the matte-black like a little monkey. As the printer primed the inks, it literally ran itself out the last 10% of both magenta and light cyan. Now I can't print. I have to go to the store and buy more colored ink. Of course this is NUTS since I was only doing black and white prints.Yuck. POJ
This plastic stand appears to be well constructed, but badly designed. If your computer happens to be the exact size, design, and weight distribution for which this unit is probably designed, then it might work for you.Mine is a little taller and narrower than the usual boxy CPU model (A Dell XPS Studio) but within the limits posted for the unit, it just sits there trying to balance, but there is space left over to either side.  I selected it because my CPU has the ventilation on the sides and I needed a unit that didn't cover them up. The stand does not grip the sides,there is no lock mechanism to lock the width so it will hold on to the sides (only the wheels lock). The CPU just balances on the base with no side support.My purpose for getting a stand is not to just raise the CPU off the floor, but to be able to move it back and forth under the desk when I need to check a connection.My previous metal stands made by Fellowes worked this way, but the high sides covered up the ventilation holes on this particular computer.Since this is just a suspension device that doesn't really hold on to the unit, I feel uncomfortable putting my CPU on this unit and hope it doesn't fall off. Does not provide a secure base.
The first line of this item's description reads "Suitable for any size Notebook Computer". Nonsense, my 17" laptop slips and slides all over the plastic surface of this swivel pad. Only one side has the little gel nodules so you have to use that at the bottom or the swivel pad will slip and slide all over the place because laptops are not that heavy as opposed to televisions, speakers, etc. I'm going to Home Depot now to see if I can find some more gel nodules to use on the top but this will likely elevate the height and at 0.8", it already feels too high. In addition, the ball bearings they mention in the description, you wouldn't know they are there. It doesn't spin that smoothly, particularly with only the weight of a laptop. Thumbs down for laptop use.*Added 2 weeks later*Ok I figured out how to use this product for a laptop. You need to buy some shelf grip liner from Target or Walmart - I paid $4.99 for a roll. Cut it to fit the top and bottom of the turntable and everything should hold into place quite nicely. Why they couldn't design this more thoughtfully I don't know but at least there is a fix. Not for laptops
I got these due to the great reviews - what a mistake!  Every eraser in the box has broken right off the first time it was used, so we had to get cap erasers for them all.  Also, they break often while being sharpened.  Both of my kids also commented about how hard these pencils are to sharpen, so it's not just me! Never used such a bad pencil - erasers break right off!
"100 Count per Box, 10 boxes per order" so you should get 1000 total paperclips. It is lying though. You only get 1 box of 100 paperclips. Not what product says
I bought the package of these pens and now I regret it more than I can say.  Every single pen from that box bleeds ink.  I get it on my hands and smears all over my paper.  As I said it is each one because I won't use the one's that leak, so I kept trying and not one didn't bleed.  Wouldn't get it again.They had to go in the trash. Bleeds ink.  Horrible
I will not purchase this product again.  It broke right away, due to my work schedule, I was not able to return earlier. did not work right
When I need to laminate small items, such as IDs and insurance cards, I take a piece of 2" clear packing tape and put it on both sides.  I then use sissors to trim the "laminated" item.The LS960 uses a very similar method, but the "tape" is about 8.6" wide.  Unfortunately, the rollers apply the laminate in an uneven manner, with bubbles or most often with severe wrinkles.  I actually think that applying the laminate by hand, instead of using this machine, would do a better job.I can't give more than one star, because it doesn't do what it claims to do. Packing tape does a better job and costs less
For years I have used clear packing tape to laminate tags and even whole sheets of paper, so I thought this item would be pretty useful. Wrong! It's so difficult to prevent bubbles, creases, and outright jams from occurring that I was better off with my roll of clear packing tape.I liked that it was electricity free because I could take it anywhere and not need to find an outlet, or bring an extension cord. It is a lot better smelling than the heat-type laminators. (That melting plastic smell is awful in a closed office.)  But those are about the extent of the positives. It just doesn't work very well. You feed your item to be laminated into the machine and start turning the roller (which is on the wrong side of the machine for most of the right handed population). The tape cartridge has tape on the top and bottom which (is supposed to) evenly stick to your item and get pressed together by the rollers as it feeds through the machine. Heaven forbid there is a speck of dust, or animal hair, or lint, anywhere near the machine because I guarantee it will end up stuck between your freshly laminated document! The thing is a dust magnet, and the tape cartridge is not well covered to keep it clean.Then, most of the time there will be air bubbles and creases in the finished product which you need to use your fingers or a cloth to try to smooth and press out. A pin hole stuck in the middle of an air bubble helps smooth it out. This is just too much effort for the finished product. And make sure you leave a 1/2" of extra tape on either end when you use the trimmer. Otherwise the tape starts to peel apart and the document is useless.If all of this wasn't bad enough, the replacement tape cartridges cost nearly as much as the whole unit. Granted they give you a pretty generous 90 feet, but it's still a big investment for a product that doesn't really live up to it performance objectives.I would say stick with the heat laminators as they work a lot better than this dog. Sorry Scotch, this thing is a dog...
This is a terrible product.  I was able to get the very first page to laminate correctly.  But the laminating paper was barely wide enough to cover the paper.  It left less than 0.1 inches of clearance on each side.  After the very first page, every subsequent page came out crooked and not entirely laminated.  I tried readjusting the paper guide and it did not help.  Even though the paper lined up between the guide, every page still came out crooked with part of the paper outside the laminated area.  If I had paid for this product I would return it immediately.  Since I didn't, I'm dumping it in the trash. Complete piece of junk
I have had this thing for about an hour now and am sooooooo ready to throw it away. When I first opened the box I "thought" I was impressed with the quality feel of it's build...but soon learned it is just a thicker plastic crappy body versus thinner plastic.  Most would think, "Hey, thicker plastic...sounds stronger"....uh no, just more cumbersome and heavy for no reason because the doors and hinges are still fragile.  The tray you see sticking out of the back is removable to make storing it a bit easier because you will want to store it.  There are no doors or covers to close off the back of the unit, which is where you feed the paper object in you want to laminate....this is a stupid design because it leaves the laminating roll open to dust and whatever things are floating around in the air settling on your desk or wherever you store this (think animal fur and dust balls....LOTS of them because this sucker is LOADED with static and will attract EVERYTHING that comes near it).  The rear opening is just 2 layers of tape essentially that come together over your paper...the sticky is all exposed in the rear and if it even catches the smallest hair or dust...helllllllo permanent bubbles on your so-called laminated paper.Now, using this thing...no heat, so no plug (the only YAY for this thing).  There is a handle on the LEFT side that you rotate slowly in a clockwise direction as you manually push your paper through the back.  The idea is that those 2 sheets of tape will adhere on top & bottom of your paper and pop out the front looking all laminated...and a simply swipe of a razor blade (which is safely contained) will trim the edge leaving your machine ready for the next job...nice theory Scotch.  1st thing, what percentage of the population is right handed versus left handed??  I'm not really sure and don't really care but can say that being right handed I would have preferred that handle to be on the right side since the rotation of that is the most important part of the process.  Getting the rotation timed just right with your other hand pushing the paper through is VERY important...and in my hour of trying this thing, darn near impossible!Your papers will 95% of the time come out with bubbles and 99.9% of the time have creases, sometimes severe creases.  You can sometimes work the bubbles out by taking a soft towel or something similar and rubbing like your life depends upon it...or sticking a needle in the middle of the hole and also rubbing til you sweat to smooth it out.  The creases...yeah, they aren't going anywhere so learn to like them if you get this machine.  If you are lucky (and it surely is luck cuz this thing is not predictable) and happen to get a paper to come out looking rather good...take a picture because it is probably the last.  As with all laminators, you need to trim the edges, but don't trim too close (needs 1/2" to remain adhered together) or the ends will unstick and then your paper looks even worse than when it first came out of the machine (who woulda thunk that could be possible?).  EVERYTHING that comes out of it needs to be pressed/rubbed to get it all stuck together because the built-in roller that is supposed to do that is a joke.I will give Scotch one thing...the roller is super easy to change and comes in a glossy or matte finish.  I haven't had the luxury to try the matte finish...but with the hair that I have pulled outta my head in the past hour, don't think I'm gonna be giving it a try.  For smaller objects (like ID cards), good ol' tape across each side and then trimmed works a heck of a lot better than this...is cheaper and takes less time.  For larger sheets of paper, buy something else or find a Kinkos because this is a total waste of money.  Out of 23 things I laminated in the past hour, 4 look OK and only 1 came out some-what nice.  Such a disappointment!! A hit or miss item...mostly a miss
This uses non standard packing tape rolls, forcing you to look for and buy special sized Scotch ones. This fact makes this tape dispenser practically useless and you are much better off getting theScotch HB-903 Scotch Tartan Pistol Grip Box Sealing Tape Dispenser, Uses 2"-Wide Tapeinstead. The Tartan one has provided me years of usage both at home and in my business. And it uses industry standard 2" wide tape rolls of any length.Maybe if you are a Grandma who only tapes a package once a year around the holidays or something like that, this would work for you but that is the only type of customer who could use this product over something more utilitarian and industry standard. Even Grandma would have to work very hard to locate the special proprietary refill tape rolls for this tape dispenser rather than just buy any standard tape roll! Would you want to put her through that? Not me.In summary, I would absolutely not recommend this product to anyone. Almost useless - uses non standard packing tape rolls
Is nasty .i don't why it charge too much .I think is only worth $0.25 .That's it . don't waster your money Is a joker
Don't waste your money. Wrote only 5 To and From's on Christmas labels, stopped working, then leaked all over my hands, dining room table and wood floors. Ruined two home made Christmas cards. Go to the local dollar store and buy a pack of gold and silver ink pens for $1.00. MUCH better; they wrote more fluently, more ink in the writing and not one leak or mess. Don't waste your money
The inside cover of this organizer has a grid on which you can track your tasks.  That is somewhat helpful.  The rest of the organizer are pockets with an area to write in and stuff your documents.  Not really sure how this helps since I can't see myself carrying around a lot of project related documents; I am more likely to file them hard copy or electronically.  The organizer is really just a glorified notebook of sorts. Not very useful
This thing is awful! It is bulky and way too busy with all of the bold lines everywhere.  It's already in the trash! Terrible!!
Man I wanted to like this product so bad it hurt! The ease of going paperless seemed to good to be true and in the end it was. First and foremost the 50 page maximum scan at one time is a joke. That's only IF it counts all the papers correctly, or doesn't jam, or doesn't miscount. The clarity on this thing was awful for black and white documents. Even after I fooled with the settings. I would say let me try my hand at another similar machine but I think I'm done. I wanted to like it
I didn&#8217;t think I could find a product that would fail in every single way that it could, but this one actually did it. All of its features were either defective or poor in quality. It&#8217;s actually funny in a twisted sort of way. Failed in every respect
DO NOT BUY.......I BROUGHT THIS ONE AND THE SMALL ONE, THEY DO NOT TELL YOU THAT YOU CAN'T RE-INSTALL THIS, IF YOU LOSE YOUR MACHINE OR IF YOU HAVE TO RESTORE THE MACHINE. I WAS SO MAD, IT IS NICE, BUT IF YOU EVER HAVE TO INSTALL YOUR SOFTWARE AGAIN YOU CAN'T.  I EVEN CALLED THEM ON THIS, WHEN I DISCOVERED I COULD NO LONGER INSTALL THE PROGRAM, SO BEWARE. CALL AND ASK. ITS SAD YOU BROUGHT A MACHINE OR EQUIPMENT AND ONE TIME INSTALL IS NOT ENOUGH OR EVEN TWICE. WHAT A RIP OFF, PLUS YOU CAN ONLY INSTALL THIS ON ONE MACHINE AND NOT TWO. SO THERE YOU GO. BEFORE YOU BUY ALL THESE SCANNERS, CHECK IF YOU WANT REINSTALL AND IF ITS UNLIMITED RE-INSTALL. DO NOT BUY
What a joke. Hardly detects anything correctly. And what it does detect, it places in the wrong column. Basically, this is a scanner where you then need to enter 95% of everything manually. Business cards, receipts, invoices, all messed up and require manual fields entry to correct NEATDESK mistakes or out right failures to recognize.Played with scan settings, did the software update, and still just extremely poor results.Tried various types of business cards as well as documents and invoices. Nada. Just plain junk.Naturally, this is going back. I bought mine from one of those shopping channels. Not Amazon.Maybe $69 would be a fare asking price, but not anything over that. This is basically just a scanner. And a poor one at that.OCR from the blind.Anyone giving this more than 1 star is no doubt satisfied with entering ALL the data manually after EACH AND EVERY scan.195 1-star reviews can't be wrong.Junk is junk at any price. Now I know why so many 1 star
The desktop versions of Neatworks worked pretty well for me but I made the mistake of hitting the software update button before I realized that by doing so, I lost the ability to access all of the data that I had scanned into Neat.  In my case it was only my business cards, but it would have been a TOTAL DISASTER if I had put critical documents into the Neat system.  I complained to Neat and was given a download for the desktop version to reinstall.  HOWEVER, NONE OF MY BACKUP FILES ARE COMPATIBLE WITH IT!!!!!DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT TO ARCHIVE IMPORTANT DOCUMENTS.ANOTHER CAUTIONARY NOTE:Many companies come here to review what is being said about their product and often leave comments in reply to reviews offering some kind of explanation or remedy for the problem.  Go through the many negative comments about Neat products and you will see that Neat has made no effort whatsoever to interact with their customers. DO NOT RELY ON THIS PRODUCT TO ARCHIVE YOUR DOCS
My bad. I did not read the fine print: requires OS 10.6 or greater. It won't work on my trusty workhorse, the MacBook, version 1.I will update this review when I buy a new laptop, but based on many, many reviews, it sounds like this is not all it's cracked up to be. Not compatible with trusty little MacBook
I use the scanner, but with other software, because the software that came with it was too cumbersome.I had to purchase something new each time I upgraded my computer, when all I needed was a new driver.I did some research and discovered there are other scanners on the market with better customer support and more streamlined software. I purchased one of the other scanners and have been satisfied ever since. Cumbersome, more expensive than advertised, poor support
The scanner is fine.  I used it with the desktop software to keep my business cards organized and it worked well.  But Neat kept bugging me to "update" the software so I did.  HUGE mistake, one that I regret.  You have to go online to use it now and use their "cloud" services.  I am not interested in their "cloud" services. The software is so bad they have videos for you to learn how to use it.  VIDEOS to learn how to use something as simple as keeping a database of business cards.  I would STAY away from this.  I guess I am going back to the old physical notebook to keep my business card contacts. Used to love it, Now I hate it
Amazon's little personalized box says these will fit my MP610 printer.  Not so.  The MP610 takes CLI-8 color cartridges.  The pictured CLI-221 cartridges are for use with the 610's successor, the MP560 (Canon's retrograde numbering system for its printers confuses matters even more).  Be sure not to pay postage for the return. Be wary, MP610 owners.
I'm sure there is nothing wrong with this ink, but it does not work with the Canon MP610 printer.  Amazon's webpage indicates it is compatible and there is even a picture of the MP610 on the enclosed brochure, so Canon is under the same misconception.As always, Amazon's return procedures make it easy to send items back for a full refund. Does not work with the MP610
The main reason why I picked this printer was for its wireless printing capability. It has proven to be a nightmare to install this printer-I have an iMac-.I think you need an engineering degree to install this printer. I spent over one hour setting this up, and at the end, I was unable to register this printer linked to my Mac.I will try again tomorrow. It is frustrating and one reason why people usually buy a simpler printer. I will update this review ASAP A nightmare to install
The 210XL gives you 66% more ink (15ml vs 9ml).  It also doesn't cost much more.  The only reason the regular 210 cartridge exists is so they can give you less than a full tank of ink when you buy the printer.  Don't fall for it, buy the bigger 210XL. Buy the 210XL instead
Works as ink is supposed to, but it's very expensive.  Will never buy a Canon inkjet again.  Will stick to laser printers. It's black ink, but it's priced like gold.
Just received this printer today, and the photo printing doesn't work. Called Epson and had to go through the process of testing out the printer for problems. After the test, they suggested that I return the printer. Their process for return takes 5-10 business days. Amazon got me the printer in 2 days, and is now sending me a replacement that will be here in 2 days! Amazon is great; Epson consumer printers I'm no longer sure about. I've had five of their printers go out on me, each within three years. And I'm not talking heavy use of their printers, but I do rely on their printers for my business. So my advice is to keep your packaging when it arrives. There has been more than one complaint about this and other Epson printers. Test out everything when you get the printer. Don't wait.Also, the above description gives the impression that Automatic Duplexer comes with the printer. It doesn't. It's a $29.99 accessory that you must purchase from the Epson store.The print quality of Epson printers are great, but the hardware just doesn't seem stable, at least over the long haul. Be sure to register the warranty and get it extended for 2 yrs because that's just about long their printers seem to last.Update: Turns out that I needed to insert the photo glossy paper face down (glossy side down) in order for it print correctly. The Epson support team did not tell me that when I called the first time. I missed reading that part in the manual.So over-all, the printer seems to be working okay. Now we will see how long it will last.June 16, 2009 Update: Well, while the printer has been working fairly well, I want to add some additional cons to this review:1. The autoduplixer is extremely noisy when printing. If you're printing a long document, you might want to just leave the run and come back. It's very annoying.2. The settings for the autoduplixer don't always work. If you're for example trying to print a back-to-back document, you sometimes have to first set it to standard printing, and then go back and make changes for two-sided printing. If you simply use a preset that you created for two-sided printing, it won't always work.3. Forget about using paper with the 3-rings holes already punched in. The Artisan 700 can't handle that paper. It gets jammed.4. Creating setting for simply copies on the flatbed instead of from the computer seriously demands your patience. You have to click through a series of buttons to make it happen.Overall, I just can't say enough about how difficult that all-in-one printer is. It's smaller in size that previous all-in-one Epson models, but it's bigger in problems.I'm not sure if there are better printers out there on the market, but I would strongly advise if anyone look into other options. Photo printer didn't work
I cannot imagine Epson getting any repeat customers after this atrocity of a printer!  The problems:  (1) If one ink cartridge needs replacing, the whole printer shuts down - you cannot use the scanner; (2) I'd estimate a cartridge's life to be about 50 prints; and (3) The biggest "surprise" of all, after a littler over 500 total prints, the internal counters are set to give you an "Inkpad" error message, recommending you to purchase a new printer since the pads are expensive to replace.  Your purchase dollars do not go far with this printer.  Avoid! Avoid like the plague!
You can get 13ml of ink in the XL, 44% more than the 9ml in the regular 211.  And it isn't much more expensive.  So don't buy this one, buy the 211XL. 211XL a better deal
I have to use one of these at work. I despise having to use it. Sometimes I'll print things at home just to avoid using it. My boss' wife used this printer before me, and she kept insisting that it was broken to her husband/my boss. He sent it in to be repaired, and they sent us a new one, no questions asked. That's suspicious. Well my boss' wife insisted that the new one was broken as well. He purchased a Canon for her and gave me this one to see if I could get it to work for me. I can't. It takes anywhere between 3-10 minutes to make it print something. I will press the print button on my computer and it will make a sound like "eeee. eeee. eeee. eeee. thhhhlrup. eeee. eeee. eeee. thhhlrup ceuuuuuuuu. eeee. eeee. eeee. eeee."  Once while I was printing something my boss asked if I was okay because he heard the noise and thought I was choking on something. After about 3 or 4 rounds of the sounds and some sputtering, it will finally print. For some reason, the first page always takes the longest. After it starts printing, it doesn't have to go through its routine again unless you let it go without printing for ten minutes.Another awful thing: the paper tray. I dread it when I actually have to load this thing. If I don't line the paper up exactly right, it will jam constantly later on. The back wall of the tray is slanted, making it very hard to line the paper up right and keep it in a tight stack. If I let the paper stack at a slant, the printer will angrily beep at me to correct it.I JUST replaced the ink, and not a day later, after printing three pages, I get a low ink warning. I pulled out the cartridges and looked. There is plenty of ink.Every week I get a message telling me to clean the head. So I do, even though its just as spotless as I left it the week before because I haven't actually printed anything.The tray that catches printed papers is flimsy, at best.Ergonomically, I like the printer. The screen is easy to use, and adjusting the screen is very easy. The plastic seams are smooth everywhere except the tray that holds printed papers. There are no problems opening the printer up. The operating system on the printer is straightforward and simple. The scanner works dandy. This printer was very well thought out and designed, and it's a shame that the mechanical components were not up to par. The only thing this printer isn't good at is printing.Update: 7/2/12Printer gave out on me, permanently. It kept jamming, beeping at me to clean the print head, replace the ink, remove paper from the top tray and two other things I can't even remember. Then it beeped at me to turn it off. I did. I guess I put it out of its misery because I haven't been able to turn it on since. Going to try to get a refund. I feel bad that my boss actually paid money for this. The worst printer I have ever used
Purchased locally in 2010 for every so often, light color projects.  To make this brief:Cons:- It takes forever to get its act together at start up,  and when changing ink.- The paper tray is a horror show;  the designer of this tray was probably related to Freddy Krueger...get use to numerous paper jams, and heavy stock will make it cry.- Installation is confusing...with separate software installs for the scanner, along with a hit and miss network setup; re-installing drivers is not something you'd want to look forward to.- The CD loader and paper catch are laughably flimsy.- It's big, heavy and ugly to be quite honest.- Ink runs out fast, and most recently,  I can't get two NEW inks to print, even  after many attempts at every option on the maintenance menu (this is what finally set me off to post here).Pros:- The scanner works well for attaching PDFs to email,  and that's about all this baby is doing these days. At least that doesn't require printing, on this "printer".Do yourself a favor, stay clear of this useless monolith. I think I'll switch to Cannon next time, because I've had even worst issues with anything from HP (printer, laptop). Plus, HP's tech support is horrific. A Train Wreck
I am an engineer, and any engineer working for Epson should be embarrassed to admit they work for this company. Today I am throwing out a perfectly good, like brand new Epson Artisan 800 printer simply because the "Printer ink pads are at the end of their service life. Please contact Epson support.". I am not kidding. My printer has printed less than 1000 pages, and when the ink pads that take the excess ink get full, Epson has it set up so that the printer shuts down and is no longer useable. I am not making this up- it comes straight from Epson. Virtually every time you use the printer after a day of non-use, it goes through a full cycle of head cleaning that literally shoots a tablespoon of ink into the pads. Yes, I am serious, I tested it with my own eyes and have seen other's videos of this. You can turn off the automatic head cleaning, but then you have to deal with frequent bad pages, so it is a catch 22 situation. Anyway, after talking to Epson, I was offered a "deal" on the Artisan 835 to replace this one....Yes, I am serious, Epson designed this unit to be thrown away when it is in perfect condition simply because the ink pads are full. You ask, you mean they didn't simply make it so you could remove the ink pad, clean it, and reset the printer and keep on printing?  Yes, that is what I am saying. Their engineers should have their diplomas stripped. You can buy software to reset the printer (but not from Epson), and then go through the process of removing and cleaning your ink pads. What a joke! Epson should have built the availability to do this easily themselves. If they think their planned obsolescence of the printer will make them more money, think again. I will never buy another Epson inkjet printer. Don't buy this.....I am serious
After getting burned by expensive Epson printers in the past I vowed not to give Epson another chance ever, but this product seemed almost too good to be true. What others have pointed out - and what I didn't notice at first either - is that Epson will go to any length to embellish the truth about their products. Notice how it reads "built-in double sided printing" in the product description. Then you see three asterisks pointing to the fine print that says "only on a Mac and only with the optional duplexer." Sorry Epson, last time I checked "built-in" was still defined as "present," not something you have to shell out extra dough for. More importantly, and in contrast to the high quality pictures you get from Canon machines in the same price range, Epson's inks are only fade-resistant - and they don't tell you how long they'll actually last. Stay away from Epson and get yourself something better. Misleading specs
I shook this pen for 3 full minutes and it still did not produce any white ink. I truly dislike being sent an out dated product.  Do not buy ! No ink
This is a good quality printer but it cost a lot to operate! We have this printer for few months and we have already replaced ink cartridge 6 times! yes, 6 times! We do not use the printer often - just occasional for printing homework for school or work. If one of the ink cartridges is low (not even empty!), this machine shut down and won't even print anything until you replace it to a new cartridge. I used to have HP printer and it operates until the ink cartridge is empty....So get ready to spend money for ink cartridges if you are buying this printer... get ready to spend money for ink cartridges if you are buying this printer...
I was given a chance to review an Epson printer.  I never owned or used an Epson printer so I'm excited t see what all the hype is about.First off the printer looks cool but feels CHEAP!  I had to take another look to make sure this was an Epson.  So I hooked it up and started printing.  I'm NOT impressed with this printer.  Let me break down the pros and cons so we can get to the point.Pros: Print quality is decent while the cartridges last.  It is quick, but then just about everything sold is pretty quick these days.  Printer looks cool.  The printer is pretty quite.Cons: After about 10 photo prints and some coloring pages my kids printed, the ink was done!  A new set of chipped OEM cartridges costs as much as the printer. Paper feed is as clumsy, it will not let you use aftermarket ink products and goes through ink like the ink is free. Compatible cartridges are perfect physical match, rejected electronically!!Summary: The big deal with this printer is the cost of OEM ink.. If you plan to print more than 3 color PPY (pages per year) with this printer, save your money. If you plan to print fewer than 3 PPY with this printer, save your money anyway: One or two print head cleanings will deplete a $75.00 OEM cartridge set! Yikes!  Stay far, far away from this awful product.  I was really disappointed with Epson.  I'm staying with my HPs and Canon printers. STAY AWAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYY
I was amazed at how quickly the ink kept running out. The standard capacity model is horrific. You have to get the high capacity just to make it last more than a couple of months with minimal use.I wasn't printing much at all and it was as if the ink just evaporated. I would pull out the cartridge, shake it, but no change. After spending way too much on ink I finally got rid of the printer and switched to laser and a different brand. No more Epson for me. Does the ink evaporate??!!
I was amazed at how quickly the ink kept running out. I wasn't printing much at all and it was as if the ink just evaporated. I would pull out the cartridge, shake it, but no change. After spending way too much on ink I finally got rid of the printer and switched to laser and a different brand. No more Epson for me. High-capacity my a**
There is nothing premium about these "Canon 104 Compatible" cartridges.  When you consider the wasted paper from having to reprint documents to see if you can find a document without lines or spots on many of the pages.  If you don't care about having to reprint then go ahead and purchase this product.  But if you need a reliable cartridge, one that will create pages without spots or lines where there is not supposed to be ones, then purchase an authentic CANON CARTRIDGE. NOT COMPATIBLE WHEN YOU CONSIDER THE WASTED PAPER
This "compatible" toner cartridge is not the same as the original one from Canon. It prints just great on regular paper. I print post cards for my business. I found that the toner won't stick to the post cards at all. The toner is smeared all over the place. I didn't have this problem with the Canon toner cartridge. So to me, this toner cartridge is useless. That is why you see the reviews are either very good or very bad. When it works, it is great. You pay less than half of the real thing. But when it doesn't work, then it is useless. I am not going to buy another printer to print the things that this toner catridge cannot print.I know the cost of genuine Canon cartridge is very high per page. But this "compatible" one is simply not compatible. If you print more than plain printer paper, do not buy this. It is not "compatible"
Well, based on the reviews it seemed like an okay product.  Unfortunately such is not the case.  The marker didn't work.  The surface of the board itself is poor and very soon erasing previous listings was nearly impossible.  Pretty much a waste of money. Don't buy it
I have tried a number of fountain pens and I haven't hated any like I do this one. I converted this to an eye dropper and it leaked all over the place. But, leaving that aside, I find the nib to be scratchy. It's unpleasant to write with. Within just days of having this pen, it doesn't write at all anymore although I can see it still has ink in it. If you want a dirt cheap fountain pen, do yourself a favor and get either a Pilot Varsity or Pilot Petit. Both of those have a much much smoother nib, and a nice wet inky nature. And if you would like an entry fountain pen that's got a bit more class, go for the Pilot Metropolitan. I don't know how or why, but Pilot just seems to consistently make smooth nibs, even at low price points.Note- the color of this ink really is violet. It is not purple. It's what you would expect magenta tinged with a little bit of blue to look like - violet, not purple. I like it.I'll also add that I've tried this pen out at several different art stores to see if maybe mine was just a dud, but everywhere I have tried it, it still had that unpleasant feel to the nib and half the testers didn't write at all- just like mine now! get a Pilot Varsity or Petit instead
After seeing all these glowing reviews, I'm wondering if maybe I got a bad batch.I wanted to try these as alternatives to Expo because they're so much cheaper. The thing is, I found Expos much easier to read than these; that is to say, the Endura-Glide markers were writing about as well brand new as my regular Expos do when I'm ready to throw them out after a few weeks' use. I was not satisfied with the saturation of color, my students complained they could not see what I was writing, so I threw out the box after trying all four markers once. These are cheap, but much too light for classroom use
Original Review (really liked this phone at the beginning):This Philips ID555 cordless answering machine phone is DECT 6.0 and comes from the Philips' Design Collection.  It features:200 entry phonebook50 entry call logA selection of ringtonesCaller ID130 hours standby time10 hours talk time30 minutes of answering machine timeSpeakerphonePer the Product Packaging:Handset is 8.5"W, 6.93"H & 3.07"DThe phone was designed in Europe & made in ChinaThe phone has "very low energy consumption"Overall, I really like this phone/answering machine.  It is stylish, low profile & user friendly.  Set up is easy and the set-up features (clock, message, ringtone, etc.) are very easy to figure out and accomplish.  Call quality is good and range is very good.  The phone comes with a quick start guide and a regular user manual (separate manuals/guides in English, French & Spanish).My only complaint is that I couldn't find an extension handset anywhere even though it looks like the phone has been out for awhile.  I feel that the availability of an extension handset is critical when looking to purchase a home phone.  I've emailed Philips customer support, and found out that Philips has discontinued manufacturing landline phones & never put the extension handset for this product into manufacturing.  There are no extension handsets available at all.If you can get by with one phone/answering machine, this is a nice unit.  However, since it is out of production, this is a fact you should take into consideration.Overall Impression of the Phone - 5 StarsEase of Finding an Extension Handset - 1 Star4/19/10:Information per Philips' online support (edited):Philips is no longer manufacturing landline phones, and what is on the market now is it as far as product availability...The ID5550B [the extension handset]was never made -- So there are no extensions. I am sorry!7/28/10:The phone has died.  No dial tone.  Pretty phone, crappy construction. Nice Looking Phone but Quality Not There - 1 Star. Extension Handset Never Manufactured - 1 Star.
I was really bothered that the Sams identical product was 30% cheaper.  The Sams tape also had more tape on each roll!This req 2 hands to operate: one to hold the tape and the other to roll it out.  The "yellow" dispensers hold the tape in such a way that only one hand is needed. Cheaper at Sams Club
Panasonic has a smaller footprint than this dinosaur, and results in sharper pencils, faster.My old Panasonic's grindings container broke because I dropped it.  It was four years old but far superior to this uninspired clunker. Buy Panasonic
As some reviewers have mentioned here, the mini Tombow is problematic - the tape breaks and does not apply well. However, the Tombow regular sized Mono and the slimmer profile (for pencil box storage) Hybrid Mono correction tape work much better. Those versions are sold on Amazon also. get the regular Mono or Hybrid Tombow instead ..
One of the four casters is of a different type and doesn't fit. I emailed the company--more than a week later, still no reply. Missing Caster.
This will work well but it doesn't have much ink. They should cost allot less if they aren't going to put much ink in them. Well this will work
This is what you need for printing. They are so small. There just is not much ink. They work well but they don't last long. Not allot of ink
Our office has 4 of these scanners.We have replaced all 4 of them along with a replacement unit.  That's right-we have had to have 5 total replacements.  The scanner works great and efficiently-but then for some reason the FATAL ERROR would pop up on the machine and it would quit working overnight.We would get the replacements, but they were all refurbished.  We just got a refurbished unit yesterday and it would NOT work.  I spent over 2 hours on the phone with support trying to get a new unit and they finally gave in.  Oh-they do not have a 800 number!  So it was a long distance call!When we had to call in about the original units getting the FATAL error message, we were treated like we were dumb.  Also-there was a language barrier.I would stay away from this product.  It is not worth the time or the energy. Not worth it-stay away!
I researched this phone system on various web sites before buying it here, and they all say it has an option of an audible message alert. I've spent a month trying to figure ours out, to finally give up and email Panasonic about how to set the alert to a beep or some audible sound. Panasonic responded and said this model does not have an audible message alert.  Even though Amazon.com doesn't say it has one, I bought it thinking it did based on so-called reliable sources such as CNET. It's an important feature for us. So if an audible beep when you have messages is important to you, even though CNET and many other web sites list it as having it, do not be fooled--there is no audible message alert. I can't believe Panasonic did not make that an option on this model, so I cannot give it a rating above 1 because now we're finding that it doesn't even ring or make a tone everytime we get phone calls. Now it's too late to return it to Amazon, so I'm probably selling it on ebay. NO audible message alert
Maybe if you're a super-techie you can set this up, but 3 of us have not been able to follow the instructions yet and I question whether we ever will. The problem seems to be with the paperwork, not the machine, but I haven't been able to figure it out. I really hate feeling stupid!
Before purchasing this printer, be aware of the astronomical ink cartridge prices that will set you back $114 + tax/shipping for all four (Black $35.99, Cyan $25.99, Magenta $25.99, and Yellow $25.99). The cartridges that come with the actual printer are only starter, low volume cartridges that will require replacement before you expect it. Even more aggravating, when you call HP's tech support line, they will actually try to sell you more ink. I wonder why?Sadly, HP provides the worst technical support that I have ever experienced. The telephone reps barely speak English (even worse than other India-based tech support) and the chat reps serve multiple customers at the same time, leading to long delays between their responses. Moreover, I have been cut off during chat sessions five times, which leads me to believe it is intentional as this always seems to happen when I attempt to corner them on difficult questions. Before getting cut off today (5/5/2009) the chat technical support rep acknowledged that there are known incompatibilities between the drivers and Windows XP. Presumably, this means the software was written for Vista. Terrible - $114 for Ink and The Worst India-based Tech Support You Will Ever Experience
I posted a video review of this but it never made it on here for some reason.This line of HP printers has a known software bug - just google for "HP Officjet Pro 8500 fake paper jam error." You'll see pages upon pages of people complaining that there's no fix for this - including people who actually repair printers. HP has acknowledged that there is no fix for this, yet there hasn't been a recall or a driver update to address the problem.Avoid at all costs - it will work for about 6 months then develop an imaginary "paper jam" which paralyzes the machine. Tech support is terrible and incompetent. Ships with a KNOWN error - Shame on you HP
This printer was shipped to me with no outer brown box to conceal what I was getting; a label was stuck onto the box that it comes in and there were huge pictures of the product with "HP Printer" printed all over it. You could see it on my porch from the next county. Anyone who might have been put off about stealing an ambiguous plain brown box might not have had any problem at all with stealing a brand new high end color printer from my porch, and Fedex did not even bother to knock to let me know something had been left. This may be because I got this from the Vine program, but even having gotten this product gratis I am very perturbed with the lack of discretion of the shipping department.This is not lightweight, it takes up more space than our multi-function 11x17 printer, theBrother MFC-5890CN, and it's not going to replace it because we need the larger prints for client review plans. However, the print quality is vastly superior-- it has been on every HP printer I've ever worked with or owned. Even line drawings on regular 8  x 11 sheets are super-crisp, and color photos and rendered 3D models look superb on even regular paper. This thing spits out text pages before I can turn around to reach for them, and no setting your egg timer and waiting for those crisp color images, either. I honestly did not expect the speed to match the print quality, but it surpassed anything I ever hoped for and beyond.Setting up is easy, but there are six different cartridges you have to put in. Four are ink cartridges-- separate colors means less waste, and HP makes it impossible to put the cartridges in the wrong way, or to put cyan in the magenta slot, and so forth. The ink slot is on the front-- easy to get to, easy to replace. The other two are printer heads that slip directly downward through the top of the printer. I am guessing that at some point these printer heads will need to be replaced (never had to deal with these on a previous HP so I don't know) but what's nice about them is that they have retractable handles on them so that they lift in and out easily, from fitted slots that make it impossible to put the wrong printer head into the wrong slot.Letting it set itself up after turning it on is a bit confusing since it was difficult to tell when it was done. It has to do this internal test stuff before you plug it into/connect it with your PC during the driver installation. I know everyone loves wireless, but the PC we'll be using this with the most does not have wireless capability, and it would be nice if HP would include a 4 or 5 foot USB cable for this purpose instead of making us having to search for an extra or run out and buy one after getting set up to a certain point. It's a little thing that could reduce a lot of initial customer frustration, even for those who have wireless capability and simply choose to use cables, or for those experiencing difficulties with wireless setup.The LCD touch screen is easy to use without picking up a manual. The only way to improve this would have been to make it tilt forward for using the printer on a higher shelf. It takes just about any kind of media card you can think of if you're not printing from your computer, and gives all kinds of options to receive images, like email or sending directly to an image editing program on your PC. There is a junk fax blocker that comes with it, which is really nice, and an automatic email button. So I can scan and directly email it to someone if I had it directly connected to the network. Turning off the wireless is not complicated, but you do have to read the manual to know how... if you don't this will cause conflicts. Once it's off, it functions fine. Printing on two sides is effortless and automatic, and can I just mention the quality and speed again? No paper jams, so quiet... it even LOOKS good.Mine is a small business, and if I didn't need 11x17 prints this printer would be at the top of my list as an investment for my needs for so many different things. It would be the only printer I own, and if it's the only printer you ever own, you'll be very happy with it.09/29/2010 UPDATE: This printer broke after about 18 months of light use 3 to 4 days a week. A gear inside a box deep inside the unit gave out. We had a professional repairman examine it, and the part was cheap. However, it was doubtful that he could get the part, and even if he could, the labor to take it apart and put it back together would equal or even exceed the cost of a new printer. I think the scanner on it still works, but we need a printer to PRINT. We were not printing hundreds of pages a day 24/7 on this and it should have lasted MUCH longer than what it did. It pains me to have to reduce the rating on this item to one star, but the use we got out of it isn't worth it. Either pass on this one or proceed with caution. I am honestly stunned that a Hewlett Packard printer failed like this so quickly. Absolutely Fabulous! - Not anymore 09/29/2010
Bic are much better as far as cheap pens go. These stop working with nearly full ink. Anyone giving these a 5 star review must have bought them in the past week... I have actually had a couple not work right after taking them out of the box unused. Really Bad
I really didn't think that a pencil sharpener could be so frustrating to people. This X-Acto is sturdy and generally sharpens properly but decided to fix a concept that didn't needing fixing.The problem is the self-feeding. It doesn't always grab the pencil with the same amount of pressure. Sometimes, it takes a little more effort. Once it grabs the pencil, it won't let go easily. So, you need to really pull it out hard. As with most sharpeners, it may take a few attempts to get the right amount of point on the pencil. Each try takes extra effort and extra time.What is the point of the self-feeding? It doesn't seem to add any value at all, but it makes every attempt at sharpening more of an effort. It's bizarre, and really aggravates the kids (and some adults). Frustrating self-feeding pencial sharpener
I really have no complaints about the print quality or the setup of the wireless function, which is a great convenience in a home network. The reason this printer is going to the recycler is the cost of operation due to HP's decision to gouge consumers on replacement ink cartidges.If you look up the unit price on replacement cartridges, it does not sound unreasonable: roughly thirty USD for the black cartridge and twenty USD each for the three color cartridges. However, what you need to be aware of is that the printer decides when the cartridges need to be replaced and WILL NOT FUNCTION until you comply.This is a change from a few years ago, when you would receive a low ink warning but could still print until the cartridge actually emptied. This disabling of all print functions may be becoming a standard industry practice but, in my experience, is particularly egregious with this HP printer.It is no coincidence that all four cartridges are flagged as needing replacement at roughly the same time.  Even if you have been printing only black and white draft copies in the interval since replacement, the color cartridges will be flagged as empty after a few months.As this happens, at the least, twice a year, you will be spending close to two hundred dollars a year to maintain even minimum function.After literally a mere few months, using the "high-capacity" XL cartridges and extremely rare use (I rarely print more than a dozen pages per month), this printer is once again disabled due to an entirely fictitious low-ink warning.  This function is clearly not triggered by actual use, the number of pages printed or the volume of ink remaining.  It is based entirely on an algortithm combining some arbitrary time since cartridge installation and HP's greed.Again: The resident software decides when you will replace the ink cartridges (of which there are four) and it will not print so much as a single page until you do.If you print enough pages in both black and white and color, and exhaust the cartridges in a short period of time, you may consider this printer a good value.Read many of the four and five star reviews carefully: "I've had this printer one month and I love it", "I've had it for one day...", etc.  I'm happy for them, but I have owned this printer for fifteen months and am replacing it.This will be my last HP printer.UPDATE: I have received (11/18/2010) notice of a settlement offer in response to three lawsuits filed against HP alleging fraudulent practices related to the issues noted above.  Quote: "HP denies all these claims" but will offer coupons redeemable at the HP online store (only) as compensation.  One can therefore assume they intend to continue these practices. HP is offering an insulting maximum six dollar credit for qualifying printers. For more information: hpinkjetprintersettlement dot com Warning: HP's hand will be in your pocket.
I hate this printer. I hate it. I hate the HP Officejet Pro 8000.Now that I got that out of the way, I will admit that the print quality is good. That's its one redeeming quality, and if it lasted for even the warranty period, that might be enough to garner at least a run-of-the-mill, 3 star printer rating. Unfortunately it doesn't. In many cases, they don't even last 6 months. It's just not because of one hardware issue either. Sometimes the paper refuses to feed, in others the blue ink line will decide to explode, still in others the wires above the print heads (held in place by a thin, swinging metal rod with a hook at the end) will fall and get tangled up with the heads. There are so many things that are wrong with the 8000.See, I basically made the mistake of thinking that the HP Officejet 8000 would be a better choice than the Canon inkjets we were using at the time, which ended up being unusable without service after a year and a half (due to the logistics of it, we just can't service an $80 printer, and the Canons and HP's of the world know this...that's why they're basically disposable at this point). After all, with a claimed duty cycle of 15,000 pages a month and good experiences with HP laser printers over the years, how could this possibly not be a better choice? Ultimately, it all comes down to durability, namely, the 8000 has none. This is the Yugo of inkjet printers.I've probably deployed 300 of these and the in-warranty failure rate is around 25%. I realize that any mass-produced items are going to have a lemon or two in the bunch, but one in four? That's way too high HP. In most cases, this failures occur within 4-6 months (and probably a third of them have issues as soon as they're taken out of the box). The claimed duty cycle is a joke and the propensity for the 8000 to spew ink makes it a messy choice as well. This is probably due to the way the Officejets house the ink in the front of the unit and then feed it to the print heads via "lines" (thin hoses basically).Other negatives include a very, VERY drawn out setup process (where you're basically forced to install a slew of pointless HP software that you'll never use), the printer's tendency to take forever to "get ready" to print (it almost sounds like it has to "bleed" the lines) and larger than average footprint, and there are much, much better choices out there. Unless you enjoy support and return authorization calls, steer clear of this disaster. As it is, I'll continue to buy HP laser printers, but I'll never buy another HP inkjet as long as I live. Do you like having to return items when they break down? No? Then pass on the Officejet Pro 8000.
TO MY SUPRISE AND THE FACT THAT I HAVE FOUND OVER THE YEARS HP PRINTERS ARE THE ABSOLUTE BEST IN MY EXPERIENCE, THIS ONE WAS A NIGHTMARE!!  IT WAS AWFUL TO SETUP & WASTED TWO SETS OF FULL SIZE INK CARTRIDGES IN EVERY COLOR JUST IN THE SET UP AND PURGING PROCESS, GETTING BUBBLES OUT OF THE LINES, ETC.  A REAL PAIN...HP MAKES A VARIETY OF ALL IN ONE PRINTERS MUCH EASIER, SMALLER AND NICER THAN THIS ONE & I GOT ANOTHER ONE SINCE THAT'S A DIFFERENT STYLE BUT SO MUCH BETTER.  IT'S ALSO LARGE WITH A HUGE TRANSFORMER WHICH MEANS SO IS THE ELECTRICAL DRAW.  DON'T BUY THIS MODEL!! TERRIBLE EXPERINCE FOR HP!!
I've used this close to a year and am very disappointed in it. It simply will not print on both sides after awhile. It may at first but that won't likely last. And getting help from HP is just out of the question. Their support isn't.The printer works and then it doesn't. The ink is expensive and it uses a lot of it --- even when all you use is black ink.I'm going to use up the ink I have on hand and then invest in another brand printer. I won't buy HP again.Not recommended.-- Susanna K. Hutcheson Constant trouble
I purchased the 8500 from HP because it was on sale, but the first one that arrived did not scan or copy and HP promptly exchanged it. When I received the new exchange, it had a weird noise like a really loud hard disk. When tech support assisted me with my install problems, they spent quite a while going over my PC  and deleted a bunch of stuff from my computer, then when I couldn't get it to send scanned images via email my PC crashed and had to use the recovery disks. Good think I back things up. With a fresh software install on my PC, it finally worked fine, but the noise was still there. I then got an email for the 8500 premier wireless and did an exchanged for it. I'm so happy I did because the premier works great and it worked on the first try. Disappointed
I have owned three of these printers over four years--now that this model, bought two years ago has gone bad I will not buy HP again. These printers are tricky to maintain, have high ink prices and when you switch to new cartridges, which are VERY expensive (and you need four) the printer often does not recognize the new cartridge. There is also no FREE customer support. I just spent more than $100 on ink cartridges and the printer refuses to recognize them, keeps saying, replace empty cartridge. Have had three of these, switching to Epson
Horrible printer will never get and HP inkjet again.  Stops in the middle of printing to check the machine.Takes 3-4 minutes to resume printing.  Hate this printer go Brother all the way!!!!!!!! SLOW SLOWER AND STOP DESCRIBES THIS PRINTER
Note that ink for this printer will set you back One Hundred and fourteen dollars!!!Before purchasing the Officejet 8500, be aware that there appears to be compatibility issues with the current drivers (as of 5/5/2009) and Windows XP. Basically, the user gets the following error: "The printer has not yet responded, but the Microsoft Office program may be able to proceed without printer information". I have spent hours on the phone with their India-based tech support and with their chat technical support. Sadly, HP provides the worst technical support that I have ever experienced. The telephone reps barely speak English and the chat reps serve multiple customers at the same time, leading to long delays between their responses. Moreover, I have been cut off during chat sessions five times, which leads me to believe it is intentional as this always seems to happen when I attempt to corner them on difficult questions. Before getting cut off today (5/5/2009) the chat technical support rep acknowledged that there are known incompatibilities between the drivers and Windows XP. Presumably, this means the software was written for Vista.Also be aware of the astronomical ink cartridge prices that will set you back half the cost of a new printer.This is the third HP multifunction printer I have purchased. Historically, I have purchased top-of-the-line models from the HP Officejet line for my home office. Generally, I have been rather pleased and impressed with their ability to work for years with few paper jams, either in the printer or document feeder. My primary complaints with HP and these printers are twofold: 1) the ink prices are exorbitant (i.e. pay as you go) and 2) HP has atrocious tech support. The Officejet 8500 appears to have all-around better construction than the other HP Officejet multifunction printers I have owned. Yet it hasn't been without problems.Looking back at my other purchases, it is striking how much prices have come down. Yet HP continues to gouge its customers on ink with the four cartridges costing $[...]+ tax. The first Officejet (d155xi) worked almost flawlessly for three years. I finally decided to sell it when moving. The second Officejet (7310xi) worked extremely well until one day it would not power on. Apparently, something had gone wrong with its main processor. The printer was on a surge protector the entire time, so I have no idea why this happened. I do turn the surge protector off every day before going to work to save electricity as this severs vampire loads from the electrical system. Perhaps the on/off cycles were not good for the printer. After determining the 7310xi was beyond repair, I purchased an Officejet 8500 from HP direct. The printer appears to be well made, but it has problems with communicating with my notebook in addition to having issues with photo printing that have been not fully resolved.The timeline of my Officejet purchases:2002 - March Officejet d155xi (HP Direct) 800 + tax/shipping2006 - March Officejet 7310xi (Sam's Club) 368  + tax2009 - April Officejet 8500 (HP Direct)  269  + tax/shipping -fifty buck trade-in rebate for 7310xiThe 8500 does not come with a USB cable, which was not an issue [at first] since I have so many surplus cables. Apparently, the 16ft cable I used with the 7310xi was not compatible, possibly because it may have been a USB 1.0 version, which I can't determine. So I tried one of the dozen or so shorter USB cables I have, some of which were in fact USB 2.0. While I got the printer to work, I repeatedly get errors such as "The printer has not yet responded, but the Microsoft Office program may be able to proceed without printer information". So, I purchased a new 16ft. Belkin USB 2.0. Unfortunately, I still get the same errors and freezing of the computer. I have not resolved the problem and don't look forward to calling HP's tech support. Their Indian support reps have the worst English I have ever had to deal with in a tech support setting. I do appreciate their new chat tech-support option, which allows the customer to select his skill level such as "novice" or "expert". Yet, the chat sessions abruptly severed communication with me multiple times with a red warning message, "we are having technical problems, please call tech support". What a ridiculous headache!PRINTER DESIGN AND BUILD QUALITYDespite HP's less than acceptable tech support, HP's engineers deserve credit for improving the design and build quality of their multifunction printers. Even though the previous printers never had a problem with broken paper trays or document feeders, these plastic pieces seemed extremely flimsy. The 8500 seems to be better constructed in that thicker, rigid plastic was used. Additionally, the parts that require interaction by the user, such as the receptacles for the ink cartridges, are much more accessible.SPEEDWhile I have not conducted a side-by-side test, both printing and scanning appear to be faster than my most recent Officejet prior to this one, the 7310xi. Despite the increased speed, the 8500 doesn't shake my printer stand as violently as the 7310xi did, suggesting the engineers used a lower-inertia print head. The scanning appears slightly faster, but really not fast enough for large jobs. Truthfully, I would pay a lot more for much faster scanning. I have a grown accustomed to using a Ricoh 6500 copier/printer/scanner at my day job. The ~50 page/minute scan to pdf capability really changes the utility of the printer.STILL NO DOUBLE SIDED SCANNINGOne of the features that really attracted me to the original Officejet was its double-sided printing capability. Unfortunately it doesn't provide true double sided scanning. Some of scan options suggest the 8500 can perform double sided scanning but this appears to be more of function to interleave the second (back) set of pages. For larger double-sided documents, I find myself using the industrial strength Ricoh 6500.PRINT QUALITYThe black text quality appears to be slightly better than that of the 7310xi. In fact, it appears indistinguishable from laser print quality. However, there have been some problems printing in color. First, when printing on plain white paper on regular ink volume settings, the colors appear a bit less vivid than the prints I made with my 7310xi. In fact, I have a few samples of color documents printed on the 7310xi that I was able to compare side-by-side with the output of the 8500, which clearly showed the difference between the two prints. Yet, this may be a result of HP's strategy to market this printer as being more ink efficient.When printing on photo paper, there appears to be some issues when selecting the photo quality settings and "HP Advanced Photo Paper" as the paper type. Using both HP photo paper and Kodak "everyday" photo paper, there were striations across the center of the page. It isn't clear if the HP photo paper I was using was truly their "advanced" paper as this was a sample pack from HP. When using the "other photo paper" option, there were no striations. With certain other papers, however, I found that the ink would run with the slightest exposure to water - even after drying for more than one hour. Barely visible drops of water would cause easily visible spots on the page. While it isn't clear precisely what was done with the ink and requisite paper compatibility, the 8500 does appear to be more fickle than the predecessors.In summary, the 8500 appears to be better designed and constructed than previous Officejet models but is less user friendly. My guess is that many of the problems I am experiencing will be resolved when new drivers are made available. However, as a fairly technical user, I would not expect so many difficulties getting the printer to work. Moreover, HP's consumer tech support is so unforgivably bad the company does not deserve your business.Cons:*Tech support is totally unacceptable, off-shore reps have both a poor command of the English language and weak technical skills*Online chat tech support is disjointed with reps chatting with multiple customers simultaneously*Printer communication problems unresolved as of 5/5/2009*Photo printing requires more adjustments of settings*Still doesn't have a true double-siding SCANNING mechanism*Drivers for XP seem to have compatibility issuesPros*Fast printing and scanning for a piece of home office equipment*Sturdier construction than predecessors*Reasonable price for the performance/functionality*Smoother/quieter than previous Officejet printers HP Ink Rip-Off, Unbelievably Bad Tech Support, Communication Issues, Some Design Improvements over Predecessors
Worst printer I have ever owned. I will never buy an HP printer again. I read the reviews before purchasing, and they were better than the 2 1/2 stars shown here. At first, it was pretty okay. We never could get the wireless to work.  My husband is great at setting up wireless, computers, etc., but not on this. Since the printer was basically next to my desk anyway, we just used a USB cable.  The print and speed was fine.  The NOISE is terrible.  It seems like it needs to calibrate or something on a regular basis.  That was bothersome.  I probably should have taken it back, but never did.  I had it less than a year and then all of the sudden it just stopped printing.  I looked online and saw that there were lots of people having the same issue.  It was the printer head issue.  So, I was basically done with it.  Easier to buy another one, but NEVER an HP again!  I highly recommend you thoroughly read reviews before you purchase.  Buyer beware! Worst Printer Ever!!!
Now they got you paying over $100 for tiny ink cartridges. My PCS-1610 has lasted over 5 years. That's a record for an HP printer.Nada $100+ a pop for ink
Canon's tech support gratefully, responded today.  User error for front feeding of paper by my not shoving the paper into the viscera of the printer.Am I happy with this printer?  I really wish I was.  The print quality is grand.  The slowness is incredibly annoying.  Oh my stars this thing is s-l-o-w.I still wish I would have purchased an Epson.  At least my expectations wouldn't be as high as they were for this monstrosity.  I purchased in 9/27/10 here on Amazon.  Maybe I will sell it here as well. It works, I haven't printed much on it and still the ink is being sucked down.  I'm serious, I haven't printed much more than MAYBE 10 b/w documents, and maybe 10 color printed things.  All were on 8.5" x 11" paper.  Oops, one picture on high quality photo paper.I ramble... I'm just really disappointed.Glad the rest have had a grand experience.Lastly, there are a phenomenal number of printers in the "used" section which are listed as "new in the box but UPC removed".2/18/11 - This is such an annoying piece of junk.  I must have purchased the a lemon, it is really a pain. Update... this is a piece of Crud
This printer has a lot of features (copying, scanning, faxing, duplex printing, duplex auto-feed) for the price, but you will end up paying an arm and a leg in ink costs if you use it very often.Like:- Image and scan quality (consistent w/ Canon's usual great performance)- Auto feed duplex scanning: you can easily scan or copy a stack of paper- Duplex printing: great paper saver- Dual tray loading (rear and cassette)Dislike:- Wireless setup is a major pain.  They need to rework this.  It is unnecessarily hard(!)- Ink usage, even with light use, is very high.I've owned canon products for years and thought this "business" class machine would be a little more reasonable on ink usage.  Our office uses a full set of ink every two months or so.  This is really a deal-killer in the long term, and brings a 5-star printer down to 2 or 3 stars.Update: The worst part is that if a color cartridge is out, you can't even use the thing.  No scanning.  No black and white printing.  I'm giving this thing away on craigslist for free I think. Canon quality, but it hogs ink
It's no wonder Canon took so long to come up with wireless printers--they had no idea of what they're doing.  I got this MX860 the other night and there are about 60 pages on how to setup one's network.  Apparently, one can not setup the network from the printer and printer screen, as they could with normal printers like Brother, HP, etc.You have to start a USB connection and run an install program that runs as slow as dirt to run wireless on this printer.  This is like starting a jet by pulling it by horses.  It baffles the imagination that Canon could make this so convoluted and over-complicated.  In addition to that Canon fills up your computer with garbage.It loads up about five programs into your startup tray, which bogs down your computer, and really serves no purpose at all.No thanks!  This baby is shipping back and I'll look at a company that knows how to make a printer like Brother or Epson. Are you Kidding Me?
Interesting....I thought the person who warned me about "reasonably priced" printers that lure you in and then condemn you to a lifetime of outrageous toner costs was cynical.  Now I know he was a friend (okay, a son).  Absolutely outrageous what Canon charges you for the itty-bitty replacement cartridges which run out the moment you look at them.  Even more expensive if you buy them color-by-color.  Unethical is another word that comes to mind. A very nice printer aimed at sending the owner to the poor house
Wow. I've owned dozens of printers over the years, but until I bought a Canon MX860, I'd never have believed that an inkjet printer could go through a $14 cartridge after outputing just 40 pages!! In fact, my printer is indicating that BOTH black cartridges are spent. Granted, you'll get more pages per cartridge if you use the printer more frequently than I do. But still -- forty pages for the occasional user?And wait till you see how tiny the ink reservoirs is for the egregiously overpriced, #221 cartridge: nine milliliters, down from 14ml, according to another review on this site. What a brazen scam!  My solution is to buy the cheapest ink that works, and to use the printer for as long as the print head can tolerate inkdom's version of $2-buck Chuck. A scandalous guzzler of very expensive ink
Don't try using these in the freezer. They don't stick, or in the refrigerator or on anything that has any moisture in it. Not for freezer
disappointed, didnt work, delivered in a timely fashion, but, cartridges didn't work.  waste of money.  May be it 's canon's software  that's not letting these generic cartridge work. didn't work
I got one of these under a year ago...I have 5 of these phones...all with the original batteries except for one that had to be replaced...well, guess which one stopped working out of the blue?  This one...buy a better quality battery and save money in the long run.  These batteries aren't worth the print that is on them. piece of junk...do not buy...
I ordered 5 of these and I seem to have gotten less than a year of use out of them. They're already dying on me and refusing to hold a charge. Not worth it. Horrible replacement batteries
I returned this battery to Amazon without even trying it. It was not as pictured, was dirty and possibly used. What is shown is not what you will get. You get a battery pack with a stick on label. The label was dirty and torn indicating to me that this could have been a return. If you need one of these batteries, buy a Uniden battery not one of these imitations. I should have paid attention to the negative reviews.
I ordered a CS6219 and I got an entirely different model (CS6124).  Um, Im not sure why I got the wrong item, but this one will not work with my existing handsets. Wrong item
I learned the hard way that the base unit of this phone system does not use a back-up battery (something Amazon.com does not disclose). So, everytime the unit comes unplugged, which happens unbelievably easily, or your power goes off for only seconds, it erases the time and date and greeting. What a pain in the neck, and I paid $98 for this system.  I called At&t because I just could not believe the base unit would not have back-up power--surely I just hadn't been able to find it, but they confirmed that it does not.  This is nothing but an overpriced piece of junk foisted upon the unsuspecting public at a grossly high price. Don't Buy This!!!
When I unpacked the phone I realized that it was missing the piece of plastic that will hang up the phone.  There should be a plastic piece to depress the button on the receiver, however as it was shipped to me it does not ever hang up when you "hang up" the phone.  I had to return it. Will Not Hang Up, Defective
Very poorly designed. When you hold the receiver in your right hand, in a way that is natural for the average person, your fingers automatically hit the buttons they inconveniently placed on the outer side of the receiver. I was on the phone and hit the flash button repeatedly even though I was well aware the button was there and was trying to avoid it. You can't avoid it unless you want to put your hand in a very odd position, and get cramps. No kidding. In order to hold the receiver and not hit the flash button you have to cramp up your hand into an odd position and hope you don't drop the phone.And you cannot place the phone on your shoulder to hold it, if you temporarily need to use both hands for something else. And, for those of us who still use an attachable shoulder cradle (a.k.a. shoulder rest), you cannot attach it to this phone due to the buttons on the outside of the receiver.I don't want to be mean, but honestly, the person who designed this phone should be fired.Outgoing sound was bad - the person I was talking to reported a hissing noise.Incoming sound was actually good, but that does not make up for the fact that holding the phone, what should be the simplest thing to do, can't be done comfortably.And just as an FYI - I've tried them all; VTECH 265, ATT 265, and ATT 1909AT&T; 265 - Trimline Telephone with Caller ID & Call WaitingVTECH COMMUNICATIONS INC 265 WHT Trimline Telephoneand they are all the same design - don't get any of these if you want to be able to comfortably hold the phone, let it rest on your shoulder, or use a shoulder cradle (a.k.a. shoulder rest). See my photos of this ATT 1909 for an example of what I mean.If you want a very simple corded phone I can tell you the ATT Trimline 230 has worked well for me for about 20 years. The 230 model is now called theAT&T; Corded Trimline Phone with 13-Number Memory (210), slightly modified. I've just ordered some 210s, for my MagicJacks, and I'll be sure to review them, to see if they are as good as the 230s use to be. Very Poorly Designed.
Nice product apart from being completely ruined by one idiotic design feature.Every time you "miss" a call (including picking it up from another phone!), it will flash the call info light indefinitely.Net result is that you have a distracting flashing light constantly on your desk. What on earth were the designers thinking? Infuriating "Call Info" light flashes constantly
Whenever a product has "high quality" in the title, I suspect they are protesting too much. In this case, way too much. My phone arrived with a completely nonfunctioning "3" button.I'd say AT&T; is going downhill, but they have absolutely nothing to do with this phone other than receiving a royalty payment for having their name defiled by the Chinese company that is actually making and selling these (VTech). Here's my guess as to the cost breakdown of this device, per unit:$2 royalty payment to AT&T;$1 plastic case$1.50 electronics$1 buttons 0-2 & 4-9$0.2 button 3 (management-consultant-directed cost savings after market study showing 85% of people using a land line don't have any friends with a "3" in their number)$0.25 child labor$2 graft to local Chinese government officials to escape prosecution for violating child labor laws$8 corporate management salaries$4 brand marketing consultantsEnjoy this brave new world of High Quality! Came with a broken button
The first 3 color cartridges installed were not recognized by the printer. Removed and reinstalled several times to noavail. Contacted the seller and they asked us to try 3 more cartridges, same result. None of the six cartridges wererecognised or asked for an alignment test. Seller said they would issue a prepaid return tag and give us a refund.They were shipped back two weeks ago, and haven't seen a refund yet. Tried calling 3 times Friday 9/9 no answer. If wedon't hear from them by Monday 9/13 we will work through our credit card for a refund. Looking at the site today togive feedback I find that the same cartridges we paid $28.60 for are now $16.74? Stay away they don't work properly, hard to get you money back
We've been using these for a hotel that I own and it felt like either someone was stealing these or they were going through them too quickly - so we dated them, tracked the number of pages, and yep, they lasted only 1200 pages each.  Argh. Lasted only 1200 pages.....
I order in bulk and the first defective one I got I thought was a fluke.  But later I had another on my hands. The little white plastic widget on the side doesn't move at all.  You get what you pay for.  A total waste of money and shipping charges. 2 Out of 4 Were Defective - Didn't Know Until Too Late To Return
Stated that "Drum" (a piece that the cartridge is "inserted into" and then totality is placed into into the printer's cartridge slot.  Now my printer works and does not jam paper.Someone at Amazon should understand what it is they're selling; the Brother website has a link to Amazon and makes no mention of the "Drum" either.Read this over again and save yourself some money and frustration. Spent all day yesterday in a downtown store to figure this one out; after 3 TN-650 cartridges that did nothing but cause paper jams it's "another" part not spelled out in the reviews and instructions;at least the Hewlett-Packard spends money on their technical writing staff. After 3 cartridges did not work: owner of cartridge world store
This is not an actual Brother drum as Amazon advertises.  In fact, it is a cheap imitation as far as knockoffs go.  The unit arrived I installed it and the drum light still lights up meaning the printer recognizes that it is not a compatible drum.  Amazon stop advertising cheap imitators as the real thing! A Fraud!
I have tried these labels with digital templates for Avery 5160 from Avery, and several other sources. The first few rows print correctly but the rest are all aligned wrong. I had to buy new labels from a local office supply store. Wrong layout
==========Comment just for the Seller:Labels are formulated for laser in at least two important ways. First, the adhesive has a higher temperature capacity, so it doesn't melt inside the printer or copier. (Inkjet just sprays on the ink - does not heat up the paper surface at all).Second, the surface area is specifically formulated to hold toner.You KNOW that these labels are not formulated for laser ... so why would you market them that way??? If you had disclosed they are for inkjet only, I would give them 3 stars for being a decent generic/Avery knock-off.But they are falsely advertised as laser safe. You get zero stars. You say the product is 100% guaranteed - are you going to pay our $180 repair bill on our laser printer? We'll see.==========Now onto the review...Oh boy, these labels are a trip. We've ordered twice, got a different product both times. Never ordering again anything that says "Americopy" again.The first time, the finish was more like a thermal label, somewhat glossy. I thought the finish looked nice & professional. They worked fine in inkjet, not so well in laser, but no major problems. A decent generic item.However, the second time, the finish looked just like a normal piece of paper (like 20# bond copy paper). Almost as if they just sprayed adhesive on the back of it.When you put the two next to each other, they don't even look manufactured by the same person. Very odd. The 1st style we used up in our inkjet printers, and worked fine. The 2nd type we used in our laser, and they are NOT working.In our first laser printer, the toner just flaked right off. So we tried in our expensive laser printer (the first batch worked ok, not great, so we thought we'd give it a try).The sheet LITERALLY melted and jammed up the entire works. We worked for hours to pull all the little stickers out of there. Ended up costing $180 repair bill.Lowest score possible for the deceptive advertising. Does NOT work in laser printer! Buyer beware ...and other notes
Oh, I hate to disagree with people.  I think sometimes we complain about trivial things. But... I wanted a mechanical pencil that was easy to use.  I had another one that all you had to do was click a strip on the side or front (depending on how you hold the pencil) and eraser located where every other pencil has the eraser..  This one, you have to click the top, but the eraser is also on top.  So you have to remove the cover to erase.  The cover is also the thing you click to advance the lead.  I ended up with about 1/4 inch of lead sticking out because I would click it when trying to remove it to use the eraser.  I tried to write with the longer lead because I didn't want to waste the lead.  Not easy.  Went back to the other ones.  They come in a two pack&#34;Paper Mate Clear Tip 0.7mm Mechanical Pencil&#34; is the one I recommend Disappointed
I would pass on this.  It's very heavy.  Also, when you attach a pen on the side, the weight of the pen makes your I.D. tilt to the side.  Further the fabric material which its made of is not very attractive, not at all like the photo.  I would totally pass on this. Silly design
Stroppy works about as well as a ball bearing as a door stop!  It does not work on finished concrete, carpeted floors or linoleum floors.  Tried on four different doors on these surfaces of various gap heights and the stroppy would not hold door to even a mild nudge much less moderate pressure.Save your money, this product is a true "New Age, Yuppie Nice Looking" piece of junk.  A simple wedge type door stop worked well on each of the doors that the Stroppy failed on. You can find decent ones (which are ones I used) atNational Hardware V334 The Wedge Door Stop, Brown, 2-Pack, 4-Inch Stroppy SUCKS!
I wish I could say something nice about this pencil but I'd be lying if I did.  It uses very thin pieces of what I gather is lead; it could stab someone right to the heart.  The pencil does a fine job of scratching and tearing paper when you would like to write something with it.  It is totally undependable and, occasionally, for reasons I've  not fathomed, writes well.  Go figure.Get an old yellow #2 with the eraser on top, put the other end into a pencil-sharpener and then write.  Better yet, use a ballpoint.  Who bothers to  write with a pencil today anyway? What's wrong with the old yellow #2s we used in school?
It's not a bad printer but it is inefficient with respect to ink usage.  I use it a lot for scanning and copying and it has helped me immensely; it looks pretty good too.It gets one star because it literally gobbles up all the ink. Sometimes I even wonder if somebody is using it while I am not at home.  I thought I got this for a good deal back in 2009 until I realized that they got their money back many times over through ink sales.  I only print in text mode and it still sucks up all the ink.  I don't even print pictures or anything like that.The scanning and copying capability are actually very useful and the Wi-Fi works flawlessly.I can also verify that the machine literally shuts down if you have only one empty cartridge.  Even if your black cartridge is full, if a color cartridge is out, the printer stops functioning till you refill it. It's like Epson is holding the printer hostage till you buy their ink.The printer is also a little noisy compared to some others that I have heard even in quiet mode.  It makes a very high pitched sound when printing. My old HP from 1998 was fairly quiet.  The carbon fiber look on the top is nice and the small display looks good as well.  It has a card reader as well which is useful but redundant in this day and age.I'd like to really give it a better rating because it has some useful features but the ink issue is just unacceptable. Due to cost concerns, in the near future I will probably have to upgrade this to another model or perhaps a laser printer.EDIT November 20, 2012: I purchased a Brother laser printer and a Brother all-in-one inkjet and I packed this Epson printer up and put it in the basement. Gobbles up all the ink, otherwise I would give it 4 stars
Pros: Low price of printerPros: Good quality print ... while it worksCons: Makes infernal racket when not operating in "quiet" modeCeased working properly after only 4 monthsEpson would not honor warrantyEpson customer service is totally unsatisfactoryEpson ink carrtidges are outrageously-priced ... one set of 4 cartridges could exceed original purchase price of printer.Other Thoughts: After about 2 months, I had replaced all the original OEM ink cartridges with Epson-compatible ones. There was no difference in print quality or printer operations using the non-Epson ink ... until a few days ago. When the black cartridge started producing spotty print, I thought .. ah, time for head cleaning! Yeah, right. After running 8 consecutive nozzle checks and exhausting 2 full magenta and yellow ink cartridges in the process, I still did not get any print pattern from the black, magenta, and yellow cartridges, all of which I replaced again. I then started e-mailing Epson tech support, and got nothing but the proverbial run-around. I called the number provided for warranty service. After better than 30 minutes (including wait time and holds) on a toll line, I was told that nothing could be done under the warranty because I was using non-Epson ink. That "verdict" was subsequently amended to state that I first had to buy a full set of 4 Epson ink cartridges (~$53.70)! STAY AWAY, AS WILL I! YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!
JUNK, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK!!! Everything bad written in all the 1 star reviews is TRUE.I have printed less than 500 pages on this 2-3 year old printer and it is toast. I don't even want to know what my cost per page is, I'm upset enough.Worse than the printer's poor quality is that of EPSON service. If your printer is out of warranty and the print heads cannot be self-cleaned EPSON will tell you to buy a complete set of new cartridges (more than the cost of many new printers!) first and, if that doesn't clear the problem, will tell you you should take it to one of their authorized reapir centers, all on your dime.However, they are kind enough to inform you that repair costs will probably exceed the cost of a new printer. As a "consolation" EPSON might allow you access to a webpage on their site that allows you, as a "valued customer" to buy a new unit at a discount. Big deal. Their discounted prices are more than almost any other retailer, by far.The  e-mail service rep couldn't even spell my name right although it was sent to him correctly. What corporate stupidity.In charity I am going to write to John Lang the President of Epson America to tell him that his company is going to go the way of the buggy whip if they don't change.Unless EPSON can completely turn this customer's experience around I will NEVER buy or recommend another EPSON product.My advice in general is that unless you print alot of photos don't spend a lot of money on a printer. I am also considering a printer that has the print heads built into the cartridges themselves as a jam is then fixed by simply replacing the cartridge. Also will look for a printer that users indicate runs well on remanufactured cartridges. No more EPSON ink scam.All that being said....hasta la vista EPSON. rleemiller
DO NOT BUY THIS YOU'LL REGRET IT...Epson Co is a scam, get an HP, or a Cannon instead I am. You've heard of alcoholic this is an INKOHOLIC guzzling down more ink then a dying of thirst human does water. Bought this from Amazon in 2010 I was overjoyed it worked like a dream up until Sep 2013.this is what happened( 1 ) After a recent Epson software update neither this or my old Epson Workforce 500 will print, after putting in new cartridges a sign pops up out of ink buy Epson genuine ink, with a link to their site with tax it's over $80 for 4 tiny cartridges in office supply stores which I refuse to pay. I buy all my ink here have been for years and the epson compatible cartridges always worked before. I feel like my printers are being held hostage because I won't buy insanely expensive Epson ink( 2 ) Kick in the backside I had just cleaned the print heads put in all new cartridges let it sit, I was on Yahoo web surfing though I didn't click print on the printer or through the computer demon printer go's nuts printing over 30 pages in color conveniently stopping only after the ink was gone. tried stopping it no dice then turning it off every way there is failed, even after unplugging it the second it was plugged in again it resumed printing until the cartridges registered empty( 3 ) This month I cleaned the heads manually bringing it back to factory condition looks like new, stupid me hoped it'd print because it always worked in the past nope, now all they'll do is scan letting you save images on your computer nothing else( 4 ) I tried uninstalling All the Epson software from my computer, and even went so far as to go into data files removing any left over bits of ndata there were that usually works. You know how when you reinstall the software the program pops up asking you to click to start the instillation nothing it took searching 3 times to find it and I had to use windows media player to open it after a brief struggle it finally reinstalled even this did not do any good( 5 ) And this is something new I noticed that had never happened before it started early this year the printer heads were conveniently constantly clogging up, picture a seriously stopped up drain and you've got itI've never done this before but out of indigination did today, some of you may have already seen a 2010 rave review I left prior to this one I deleted it. More than anything I want to save others from the dissappointment hell and frustration I and countless others went through. I learned quickly Epson does not even sell refillable ink cartridges for their own printers. Cannon on the other hand does they also have Cannon compatible ink cartridges here  as well. I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING EPSON AGAIN RIP OFF. INKOHOLIC INK GUZZLER, PRINTERS HELD HOSTAGE
This thing is a piece of junk.  I bought this and another Epson just like it (except without WiFi). Both lasted less than 6 months (the paper carrier quit working on this one; the the thing that travels back and forth to print, broke on my other one.)Also, the ink tanks holds little ink.  You will go broke keeping this thing in ink.The WiFi also was poor at connecting to other computers.Since I owned two of these and neither lasted 6 months, this thing gets a 1 rating.  I would give it a zero, but that wasn't available.This is sad really, as the first Epson printer I ever bought lasted over 10 years.  That is why I bought the Epson brand again.  But, apparently, Epson now just makes junk.  I will never buy another Epson. Junk
Have it for 2 months rarely use it and it broke. Document wont feed , error messages of low ink stay on . Make matters worse cant even exchange this piece of plastic junk. By the way beware of Hp policies. They will sell you replacement parts ofcourse and tell you its good for 1 year. But as I have found out that's not true. part doesn't last a year and they charge you for replacement. Never buying Hp again. Hello Dell. Unit stinks
I purchased a pack of these at an office supply chain.  Worked great for a day --THEN RAN OUT OF INK!! Absurd.  I went through the whole pack in less than a week, when one highlighter usually lasts me a month!  BAD VALUE NO GOOD WITHOUT FLUID!!
I got this because I heard how amazing Frixion pens,highlighter were from my friends. First of all you need to wait till it dries before erasing it which wasn't the problem. The problem was the big wet mark in my paper after it's erased with the pink tinge. I'm not impressed. Garbage
This is only 25 yards (900 inches) per roll compared to the standard 54.6 yards for the rolls with the bigger cores that fit your standard tape dispenser.  The Scotch brand tape I've bought on Amazon just didn't have much stickiness.  I don't know if it's just old, for tape has a certain shelf life, or if it's possibly counterfeit like so many other things on Amazon.  I have use Scotch brand tape in the past that was really good tape, but something is going on. Remember these rolls are less than half the length of your typical rolls.
There is a reason there are more 1 star ratings for this printer than there are 4 and 5 star rating combined (at least when I did this rating).IT IS BECAUSE THIS PRINTER IS A PIECE OF JUNK.I bought this and another Epson just like it (except the other had WiFi---Epson NX515). Both lasted less than 6 months (the paper carrier quit working on the other one; the thing that travels back and forth to print, broke on this one.)Also, the ink tanks holds little ink. You will go broke keeping this thing in ink.Since I owned two of these and neither lasted 6 months, this thing gets a 1 star rating. I would give it a zero, but that wasn't available.This is sad really, as the first Epson printer I ever bought lasted over 10 years. That is why I bought the Epson brand again. But, apparently, Epson now just makes junk. And I have never in my life seen a printer that blows through so much ink.  Unless you have a Office Max or something next door, you will spend oodles of gas money going back and forth to the store to buy ink.I will never buy another Epson.  The quality of the printers are terrible and they use more ink than I breathe air.  Absolute junk. Junk--absolutely and completely
We Purchased this printer a few months ago (August 2009):  A Total Piece of Junk.It printed 4 documents - read that 4 - and the ink tanks where down 50 per cent.After 15 documents at non-photo quality, the ink tanks where empty.  The printerspent more time cleaning itself instead of printing like it had a bad case of diarrhea.Epson laid a egg with this model (Like most of them) Also the noise it makes before andduring printing seems like it is going to explode or nearly something like that.The Ink Cartidges cost more than the printer (not surprised),  but we dumped for another model.  Stay Far away from this monster, unless you loved being frustratedand told that your ink cartridges are "not recognized" or empty after a short use.If Epson is EVER brought before a congessional hearing for fleecing its customerswith $8,000+ per gallon of its ink, the prosecution should use this model as anexample of the ink-waste-hog it produced.  If this machine were quiet (which is totallythe opposite) all you will hear is the sound of your wallet shrinking as your money evaporates over ink cost.  This monster sucks more liquids than a runner on steroids.Avoid like a bad infection.Daniel James Tyler  (The Walters Judson Group) Incredible Ink Monster
Product is $39, SHIPPING IS $74!!!  For a product that weighs about 15 pounds.  Stay away from these people. What a joke, be careful.
I Just received an email from DYMO, that effective June 11, 2013, I will need to enter an activation code present on each roll of DYMO brand labels to continue using their online postage program for free. If I choose to use a third party label manufacturer, it will cost me $9.95 per month to use my printer. Way to go and ruin a great product by only making it compatible with your own seriously overpriced labels. My new advice on this product is... If you are going to use this as a printer, fine. But do NOT buy this if you are going to use it for internet postage.MY PREVIOUS REVIEW:I was quite skeptical when purchasing this product.  Usually hardware that says it's PC & Mac compatible falls short on one of those platforms.  Not so here... this little printer works like a charm on my iMac.  It's a breeze to install, paper is easy to load, and the software is both graphically pleasing and incredibly easy to use.  You can copy and paste addresses right into the program and it will check to see if it is a valid address, add the +4 to your zip codes automatically, and even print the USPS barcode on the label for faster sorting.  It even integrates with Mac OS X and allows you to print labels by selecting anyone in your Mac's address book.  Also, printing your own postage is a huge convenience.  There is no extra cost for buying postage online, just the cost of the label, which if bought in bulk or manufactured by a third party, is really quite cheap.  For the convenience of not having to go to the post office to buy stamps, the cost of the labels is a fair trade-off.  It makes addressing packages and envelopes a total pleasure instead of a hassle.  You can also use a USB scale to automatically calculate postage based on weight.  This will calculate shipping for first class, as well as priority and express mail service.  All around an excellent product and well worth the price.Two Important Tips: 1) When installing a new roll of labels, there will be some sticky residue left from the glue put there to keep the spool from unraveling.  Peel off the label with the sticky stuff on it before feeding it through your printer to prevent the residue getting on the paper feed roller.  If the glue gets on the roller, it is likely to cause paper jams. 2) This printer uses thermal paper, not ink.  The labels are best used for shipping, or things that require temporary labeling (less than six months).  These labels WILL fade after time, and will fade very quickly if left in direct sunlight or in an overly hot environment.  This is not a shortcoming of this printer, but of thermal paper technology in general.  If you are looking to use this for long term labeling, I would recommend using a different labeler like a Brother P-Touch.UPDATE: This first one of these worked so well at work, I have purchased a second one for home and added a USB scale to each. Very Very happy with this purchase. Highly recommended! UPDATE: This product ruined by new label requirements effective June 2013. Avoid for internet postage printing!
This product is the printer only.  To print stamps on it, you have to use the Dymo Stamps program.  To use that program, they require you to use labels that they sell for about 9 cents per stamp each.  Generic labels won't work because you need an activation code on the labels.  The generic labels themselves retail for a penny, so you are basically paying them 8 cents per stamp.We use about 12 stamps per week, so the fee is going to be about $4 per month.  If that's worth it, this is the product for you.  If you send more than 25 pieces of mail, you can buy an account for $9.95 per month that lets you use the generic stamps.You can buy stamps online at usps.gov and they will deliver them to your door for free. Be prepared to pay 9 cents per stamp extra
I am glad I purchased this Label Writer for labels. By the way, it comes with a roll of starter stamps. I set up a "free" account with Dymo's Endicia postage. Using their software, I assigned a cost center or client for each postage transaction and printed stamps on the machine. Then I discovered a major problem. Endicia modified their policy at the end of 2012. If you have a "free" account, you must purchase Dymo stamps to print postage. You must enter an activation code every 200 stamps. Dymo stamps are sold in rolls of 200, and are accompanied with an activation code. The Dymo stamps are grossly overpriced, and it costs between seven and ten cents for each Dymo stamp compared to about one cent for generic stamps. It is easier and smarter, to purchase post office stamps.Although Dymo advertises the Endicia account as a "free account." A truthful description would be a "pay as you go account" rather than a "free account." In my opinion, the company might benefit by being a little more honest. Ostensibly one is forced to purchase the Dymo stamps prevent  use of counterfeit stamps or inferior stamps that are rejected by the postal authorities." Yet,  if you pay between $10. And $20. per month for a subscription account, they don't care... in that case you are free to use generic stamps. As if by magic, paying a monthly subscription makes the problem of counterfeit or inferior stamps disappear.  I am not that dumb, nor am I that easily duped.I no longer use the machine for stamps. I do use it to print labels. I loaded a roll of large labels on the left, and smaller labels on the right. I use the large labels to mail flats, and the smaller labels for file folders and some envelopes. I am still happy I purchased the machine. If you live very far from a post office, you may sign up for a subscription account. You will then pay between $10. and $20. per month, and you can purchase generic stamps at about 1 cent per stamp. The Free Postage Account Has Hidden Costs
Updated to say that the new Dymo Labelwriter 450 stopped working just like the last one did. I got it to work again for a month or so, but then it stopped permanently. It isn't compatible with my OS X version 10.7.5.That means I had to find a different Labelwriter for my computer, and it wasn't easy. I finally found the Seiko Smart Label Printer and couldn't be happier. It's so much easier to use. I had used the Seiko years ago, but somehow switched to Dymo. Dymo has now lost me as a customer because their products aren't compatible with my Macintosh. That was time and money I can't get back again.Here is what I wrote previously, before my Dymo Labelwriter permanently quit on me, totally incompatible with my Mac:Previously over the years I couldn't imagine being without my old Dymo Labelwriter, which is no longer supported after a Mac system upgrade apparently. That thing could do no wrong! This one does everything and does it fast---but lost a couple of the 'simple' functions that I enjoyed, and the instructions for a Mac user were not very helpful. They need to get someone who actually USES A MAC to write the Macintosh instructions. Just a suggestion.Now that I've calmed down after the one-star review I wrote yesterday (See below), I'll bump it up to a 4-star review, [Note: I bumped it back to 1 star again because it no longer works at all] because the product actually is probably the best available. [Note: I don't think that now] I do think that the product and/or the user manual must have been designed/written by someone with an intense dislike for Macintosh computers. I did finally get the address book created. However, I'm not used to having to click the X-box for the address I want to print, copy it and paste it into the print box.However, the LabelWriter 450 does just about anything one could want it to do. It does much more than I will ever want it to do. It's FAST.Please see my original rant (review), written after a frustrating several days trying to understand the online user manual:"There seems to be no way to create a new address book. That means each time I want to send something to the people I send things to twice a week, I can't just pull up their name and address. I have to search for it in my database and retype it---each time.  I have wasted HOURS trying to read the user manual and find a way to do this. I am furious!  I had to update from my last Dymo Labelwriter, which I liked very much and wouldn't be without, but it suddenly refused to close. Then I found that Dymo no longer supports that version. I bought this one as a compromise and it doesn't work for me. I would not recommend this product to anyone who uses a Macintosh."  ---original review updated above after I calmed down a bit. I'm still annoyed that they just stopped supporting my old LabelWriter. I Loved My Last Dymo LabelWriter. This One Must Have Been Created By Someone Who Dislikes Macs
The ink does not last!  I figured the generic version would be similar, but even though this is a high-yield generic, it did not even last as long as the trial toner that came with the printer.  It was a complete waste of money, just spend a little more money and buy the brand version. Ink does not last!
These compatible cartridges were cheap, and they lived up to their price!  They are not good cartridges at all.  They smear ink on the paper, and are not very well made.  Spend a little more and get the true HP branded cartridges! You get what you pay for!
The advertised "low price" induced me to buy the "Brother TN-360 Compatible Brand Toner (High Yield Version)" for my HL-2170W printer, but what a surprise!  The laser toner cartridge (sold by "i8International Ink" or "INK4WORK," not sure) was received covered with ink powder on both sides of the unit and on the yellow protective shield covering the ink roller.  I carefully cleaned the sides with a soft cloth, removed the dirty shield and cleaned that also.  I then tried the toner, but it just didn't function properly;  sometimes the copies were dirty and messy and sometimes no copies at all.  I replaced the cartridge with my old one, which still had an adequate supply of ink in it, and no problem!  Furthermore, the ink cartridge I received was not new, but looked like something that came out of a city dump.  Unfortunately, this has been my experience with this product.  Based on other customers' reviews, apparently I'm not the only dissatisfied customer. JUNK !
I bought this printer 2 months ago. If you use it in a home with moderate use the cost per page just shocked me. I thought maybe the included cartridges were not full versions so I ought a set of xtra capacity cartridges. The same thing and I was doing most of my printing on draft. I learned from past experiences that if one buys a printer with high consumables it is best to cut your losses early. a 100.00 mistake. So expensive to use I gave it away after 2 months
Returned it.  The ink was not compatible with my computer. So I can't really rate this product.  I have no further comments to say. CanonInkOwner
When I initially received the ink tanks in the mail, one of them had a broken latch -- the plastic part that holds the tank in the printer. I contacted the company and received a replacement tank free of charge. Great customer service, so no issues there. Print quality is fine, too -- again, no complaints in that department.Yesterday, I needed to replace one of my color tanks. Every single replacement tank from this company? The computer chip had come unattached from the tank, rendering them useless for my Canon printer. Poor adhesive? Poor quality? Who knows.  I just know I had to run to the store and spend money on an OEM tank. I checked some of the other tanks that I have yet to use... Half of the chips have separated from the tank. Half are okay. Of the 10 original tanks -- including the one with the defective latch -- five are able to be used.This company has not saved me any money, and I highly suggest you order elsewhere if you want non-OEM tanks. I prefer non-OEM, as they are less expensive, but this is the first time I have ordered from this company. I will not do it again. Worthless Product
I bought this to confirm our land line had not been destroyed by lightning, it is HORRIBLE. It did what I wanted though, proved the land line worked so I could invest in a much better phone. Horrible buzzing noise
For some reason Vtech decided to provide a 2.5mm jack and an attachable belt clip for the handset that comes with the base unit but the only additional compatible handsets that can be bought from Vtech omit the jack for a standard headset and omit the belt clip. Instead the 6101 handsets have a speaker phone. You cannot buy an exact copy of the "Model 6151" handset that comes with the base unit.I can walk around hands free and have the handset attached to my belt and a headset on my head and take calls and talk to people on the phone. I cannot do this with a handset's speaker phone held in my mouth or stuck in a pants' pocket. Vtech needs to talk to people outside of the factory who actually use handsets before disabling current features and adding new capabilities that may be of little or no actual value.Speaker phones are useful when 2 or more people need to participate in a call from one end of the line. Otherwise the sound quality is lower for people at both ends than when using a headset and the portability aspect is lost as well as you cannot walk around while using the speaker phone but have to place it down and talk or hold it in your hand (at which point there is no reason to use it in speakerphone mode).I sent mine back and bought a Uniden 2-line cordless phone base unit and handsets instead. All the Uniden headsets have both a speaker phone capability and a jack for a headset and they have a belt clip. Functions are laid out better on the Uniden and it has the external antenna on the base station for greater range. Much better setup for the money than the Vtech 2-line cordless phones in every way. extra handsets are different than the one with the base
Okay... I made a rookie Amazon shopper mistake. I knew better than to buy this. The review were horrible but my husband (points finger at him) said he had one just like it when he lived in Chicago. He took it out whenever he had shopping to do. It hauled groceries, books from the library, gym stuffs, and what else do bachelors drag around with them in Chicago? I don't know. Anyways... whatever he had wasn't this. So don't listen to him. Don't buy it. He is wrong. Very. Very. Wrong.Day 1 of cart... instructions are worthless. It says it goes one way but it goes a different way. My husband threw them away after 5 minutes and said they were wrong. Thankfully he is handy. It goes together and looks just like the picture. He is so excited for me. I have lots of space to drag all kinds of stuff to and from my classroom. I am not so excited. The cloth bag is a bag. It does not look like a pretty square in the picture. The top is all floppy and its flimsy.Day 2 .... we lived in an apartment at the time so we roll... errr... drag this out the the SUV. It has no shocks, it hits and finds every bump and cranny. Its big and bulky... good thing I have a big SUV. So far... I am not feeling the love for this and hubby is a little upset that I don't like his gift that he is still very excited about.Day 3... its still in the SUV. I didn't take it out at school. Ummm... I forgot?? Anyways, hubbys says since its in the car we should use it to bring in the groceries. 5 bags of food... no cans. Cart is groaning under the weight. What happened to up to 110 lbs? This is more like 25? Get it to the house and one of the wheels is slightly bent.Day 4,5, something something... it sits in my house like an eye sore. So don't like this thing!Day something or other... its been about a week now. We go and buy 6 gallons of water. Hubby grabs the cart determined to show me what a great cart this is and all its magic. Are you ready for the magic... yep... the metal that holds the wheels on BENT and it rolled no more. How many gallons of water does it take to kill this cart 3! 3!!!!And so that is how the cart died and was trashed. Poor husband had to admit this cart is horrible and the wife was happy because she (and her fellow Amazon reviewers) were right! Where is the 0 Star Option???
Avery Products have been around for such a long time, their name is synonymous with labels, quality labels!  But something happened with these hand label pads;  they are not necessarily needed, and their usage is limited.  This is the kind of product that gets lost in the office or home!Yes, the labels can be carried in your purse, briefcase, or manbag, whatever you carry.  They can be used to jot down notes, addresses while in the car or work; the small plastic bag is handy for carrying the labels for multipurpose usage.  You can use them for mailing labels as I have done.  You must write fairly small for this task.The labels are conveniently stacked on a hard backing for writing.  Three colors are available.  This would make color coding good while using office files.  The labels are made with a small section for grabbing the label without touching and adhesive, however the labels do curl up if not careful.So....what's the problem??  THEY DON'T HAVE ENOUGH ADHESIVE !!!  So, carry your Scotch clear tape with you, otherwise, you are writing on paper.A better product, try theAvery To/From Shipping Label Pad, 40 Labels (45280).....Rizzo Bring along the Scotch clear tape to secure your fully-adhesive label.
While I understand there is a need for temporary labels, I can't imagine a use for the file folder tab labels, which are advertised as staying in place, but don't.Unlike their competitors, the Avery labels have adhesive on the entire back. On the plus side, they have a nice retro look with the rectangular box on them.But the problems far outweigh their good looks. The pad is cumbersome to use and a single label is hard to get off. They curl almost immediately, so you have to put them on a surface.  I tried them on a number of surfaces and they didn't stay put on any of them.Definitely a product not worth buying! They don't stay in place, not even for 12 hours!
Not much to comment on:Pros: 3 different colors, nice clean design, removable tab, reusable, writable, doesn't leave glue residue behind, 120 labels / $3.79 or 3.2 pennies per label, with free shipping if you have Amazon Prime or net purchase of > $25.Cons: NOT VERY STICKY, not printable.  These labels come off so easily from most surfaces that I find them not very helpful at all.  This defeats the purpose of having a label and negates all pro points; hence the 1/5 star. Not very sticky.
I have been a faithful HP customer for many generations of printers and I have just now reached the end of my time with them.  This company cannot make affordable toners...perhaps they should try...what a bunch of crooks!HP ink cartridges are notoriously overpriced.  The photosmart plus a decent machine but drinks more ink than a drunken sailor drinks. The cost to keep replacing the ink makes this machine not worth it! The only way to stay out of the poor house with HP printers is to buy aftermarket ink to refill your cartridges. HP protects against this (because they dishonestly make their cartridges run down so fast) by not allowing the computer chip to be reset (can someone out there make a device to do this please). So, you can use aftermarket ink to fill your cartridge but you won't get a read-out on how much ink is left...this is really annoying.This will likely be my last HP printer...I'm sick of paying them so much for their ink when other companies are so much cheaper and offer the same or better quality products... Don't buy HP printers anymore...they cost too much to operate...
***  02/26/11 Update ***The scanner on this printer went kaput after about six months of extremely light use.  Ink consumption is horrid.  You either have to use the ink quickly and replace or it will evaporate on you.  Either way, look to replace ink QUITE FREQUENTLY.  I was hoping it would be better than the junk HP C6380 printer it replaced, but it wasn't. After having three HP printers go south on me in two years (yes, one of the other printers initially praised below went south as well), I've decided to switch brands.  While the HPs were dropping like flies, I had an Epson Workforce 600 quietly working away like a good little soldier.  No muss, no fuss, no problems.  No weird scanning or ink system errors, just consistent reliable performance.  I recently purchased an Epson 633 to replace the other HP.  I will be buying Epson from now on (unless their reliability plummets, like HP).  Good job HP.  After over a decade of brand loyalty, you've blown it with this consumer.This is my fourth HP printer in the past year.  I have two in my home and two with my children (students).  All of them are multi-function machines (minus fax capabilities).  I have been happy with all except my C6380 (piece of junk).  So far so good with this printer.  Setup was a bit of a pain.  For starters, HP eliminated the setup poster that I've grown accustomed to.  You have to insert a disk and follow the flash setup presentation.  The LCD on the printer also walks you through setting up the printer, inserting the ink cartridges, and loading paper.  All of these were relatively easy.  In fact, I was coasting along pretty good until I tried to setup wireless on the printer itself.  The printer has a touchscreen LCD, so I thought the ability to configure wireless via the touchscreen was included.  I discovered you can only configure wireless via the touchscreen if you have a WPS router.  I personally like to manually configure my wireless devices, so I was out of luck.  With no other options, I installed the software CD-ROM and followed the setup guide.  I discovered I had to temporarily connect the USB cable to configure wireless other than WPS.  So, I connected and followed the instructions.  I ran into a couple error messages due to my SSID not being broadcast and the software failing to initially find the printer after I configured wireless.  I was able to click through both and complete setup.  Although I selected custom setup and deselected all of the junkware, I still ended up with the Yahoo toolbar, HP Shopping, and MSN Live photo gallery software installed, so be careful when performing a custom installation.  Make sure it confirms your choices (unless you want those apps installed).  After my lengthy install, the printer was ready to go.  The color LCD is sharp and clear.  Choices are logically laid out and easy to access.  You have icons for copying (color and B&W;), scanning (and options of where to send scanned files), and photo printing.  You can print directly from flash devices and there is a built-in card reader.  You can print photo book pages, panoramas, and other creative options without a PC.  Printing was fast and quality is excellent.  Noise is moderate but tolerable.  Scanned images came out good and can be saved as photo files or PDF.  You can easily monitor ink levels via the LCD or the HP Solutions software on your PC. The printer comes with a six foot USB cable and a 100ct pack of 4X6 HP Advanced glossy photo paper.  The printer uses 564/564XL ink cartridges which don't tend to last too long, especially if you print heavy.  Just to give you an example, I've replaced the cartridges in my C6380 three times in the past year.  Ink cartridge replacement is relatively simple.  Simply open the lid and the ink cartridge centers.  Push the tab, pop out the cartridge and pop a replacement into the well-marked slot.  Installing the printer on additional PC's is a simple process after the initial printer setup is completed.  Simply pop in the CD and the printer will be detected during installation (just don't forget to disable your firewall first).Overall, I'm happy with this printer.  Setup could be made a little easier and it's a shame that they didn't include the ability to configure wireless via the LCD.  Other than these minor gripes, printing is good, not the speediest, but good quality.  Another good thing is that the CD that shipped with my printer is already stamped "Windows 7 compatible", so no downloading the latest drivers if you have or plan to get Windows 7. On second thought...
->Don't review this printer until you've had it awhile.  You may be happy at first but I promise you EVERYONE says this printer is a dud BIG time, including me.  Here's my short lived story:I've never been through so many HP printers in my life as I have been this past year including this one.  So FRUSTRATING!!  They seemed to be so great years ago and now every single one I buy, high or low end, as soon as they are out of warranty or you go for that first ink change - DONE FOR GOOD!!  And then you're out the expensive cost of new ink cartridges that are stuck in the printer that's now dead and that probably cost you close to what you paid for the printer itself.  I'm VERY upset and disappointed - it's absolute JUNK!! **JUNK ->DON'T BUY IT!!** Prints well at first & WILL BREAK FAST!!
I don't like this new model at all. On the first day, I accidentally dropped it on the floor and the battery cap joint immediately snapped. Now I have to cover it with ugly tapes.This would never happen in the original model: I had one for many years; The battery cap joint was sturdy and intentionally reinforced, and it survived numerous falls.I don't understand why Logitech changed the design and made the joint tiny and fragile. They should know that shock-resistance is very important for a remote presenter. break much easily than the original model
I read review from SDW222.  If this printer shuts down because one ink cartridge is empty then what good is it?I have always loved Canon printers but when you run out of color ink you can not scan or fax even though you don't need ink to scan or fax. Nothing works until you replace the ink. You can't even print black and white text document until you replace the color. Other printers don't require that you buy color ink to print black and white which makes sense. Does not operate if one ink cartridge is empty.
Edit 06/24/2012: Printer is dead. We've tried everything - cleaning print head, changing ink, etc. It's KAPUT. DO NOT BUY.I bought this printer at a big-box retailer for $100. I have a long history of owning Canon printers which I've been happy with and have lasted me a LONG time. I bought an HP because of cost, name recognition and the inks seemed to be cheaper. I am now regretting my decision.The prints themselves are ok, but there's a laundry list of problems with this machine.* The WIRELESS, or lack thereof. I could never get this printer to stay connected to my wireless network at home. I had it connected and working for about a day or two. So finally just ran the printer cable and did away with wireless printing. Wasn't worth the hassle. The wireless connection would drop constantly despite the fact that our five laptops never had issues, so clearly, the issue was with the printer.* Slow scanning. I've owned a few scanners in my time, and this thing is SLOW. Scans are good quality, however.* Touch-screen panel - buggy. I can never get the left arrow to function unless I press down really hard, and even then, it doesn't always work. The touch screen is a neat idea, but generally useless. The apps? Are you kidding me? Who is going to use apps on a PRINTER?* Missing native print drivers/screen. When I go to print, all I get is the generic Windows print interface. Despite searching numerous forums, I can't see that HP has any solutions for the missing print drivers and the native print screen menu that's supposed to accompany this device.So what do I like? Well, the prints are good. That's about it. For all the bells and whistles, well, they're just disappointing. I was all excited to have this souped-up (and my first) all-in-one, but this combo disappoints. Can't wait to get back to Canon...  *sigh* Not happy - edit: printer died 06/24/2012
I initially wrote a 4 star review with just one complaint the printer takes too long to get ready to print a first page.I deleted that review today so I can update my review to reflect the 1 star status this printer deserves.  I bought this printer for the 802.11n wireless, because it also already had the other features I was looking for.HP has does a horrible job with the software drivers for this printer.  It looks nice, has a great feature set, has a great price, but it's a pain in the butt to operate.  Initially it took a long time for the printer to prep itself to get ready to print the first page of a doc or photo, then when it finally printed, it was as fast as I'd expect.  A software update seemed to remedy this, however, that problem and other problems continued, such as the disappearing act the image scanner function seems to do where it will work fine one day, then the next time imaging programs can't find the printer and I have to re-install the printer software.  Sometimes, the printer will take forever to print a color document or photo -- it just crawls along --  and I end up canceling the print job.  The printer can't handle the canceling very well, because it will then print out several mostly blank pages with just a little printing of junk characters till you cancel that a few times and it wastes so much paper.terrible! Terrible printer
Can you say "Don't forget to use all your new ink cartridges to TRY to clear the CLOG?" I now know Epson's customer service stinks.  I give up on their less than stellar inks and going to say hello to a non-Epson printer.  I am NOT the kind who wants to get out my tools and service this think like a roadside mechanic.  Ain't happenin', I'm just sayin'.After belonging to the exceptional (seriously wonderful) Epson Yahoo group, I realized I was going to stop trying to save this printer.  Maybe someone else is more "hands on".At the prices being asked on Amazon today (2/9/13) PLEASE think many, many times before purchasing this printer.Now,.... you're on your own. Can you say "Clog"?  CCCCCLLLLOOOOGGGGGGG
I'm not happy with the Epson Workforce 1100 Wide Format Printer. I received this printer on 12-4-09. Once I got this printer all set up, there were problems from the start. Once I installed the necessary included software onto my computer, it failed to detect it. I check my USB cable, that was fine. I checked to see if the printer was plugged in correctly, it was. However, since I have Windows 7, I thought possibly I needed an updated printer driver. I checked their website and they did have a Windows 7 driver available for download. I download then installed it on my computer. I was still having problems. I called Epson. A tech support technician walked me through a few steps and we finally got the printer to work correctly.Once I started printing, right away I was unimpressed with the print quality. While black and white printing was good, the output in color was average at best. The color is off on a lot of my printouts and it doesn't compare to my other printer. It's actually quite a bit worse. I've tried all kinds of paper types and weights of several different brands. I've tried tweaking the printer settings. Nothing seemed to work. This printer comes with series 68 inks(the high capacity inks) which I don't think was meant for great print quality. I figured maybe if I get the 69 series inks, which according to Epson's website, it's supposed to produce better quality prints, that would do the trick. I never got the chance to find out.Fast forward.Today, 12-22-09, I got my new 69 series inks. When I went to turn on the printer to install them, the printer started malfunctioning. The green power light started blinking and shut off, then the printer started grabbing the loaded paper half way then it stopped. This resulted in the paper getting jammed in the printer. Then the load paper and load ink lights started blinking orange in unison. I had to forcefully pull out the jammed paper. I turned off the printer and took out the paper from the top feeding tray. I turned the printer back on and again the same thing started happening except this time it kept grabbing for paper which wasn't there and again the orange lights would continuously blink. I barely used this printer because it was only intended for use if I need to print to larger paper. My main printer is my old Canon MX850.I called Epson and got a tech support technician. He walked me through a few troubleshooting steps and nothing seemed to work. Finally he told me this printer is experiencing a hardware failure and there was no fix. He offered to replace it but since it was within Amazon's 30-day window plus the extended holiday return period which I believe ends 1-31-10, I opted to just ship it back to Amazon and look for another brand printer.I purchased this printer because like I said, I needed it mainly for printing on large formats. I also purchased it because of the incredible price and great reviews. I had high hopes for this printer and I'm really disappointed with it. I have had a previous bad experience with another model Epson printer but I didn't let that dissuade me from getting this one because I believe just because one has a problem with a particular model of a brand doesn't mean it should tarnish their whole line of products. However, that's two for two and now I'm rethinking that idea. I'm sorry that my luck isn't as good as everyone else's but this is my honest experience with this product. I did plan on keeping it even though I initially wasn't impressed with the print quality until it started malfunctioning for no apparent reason. So-so print quality and dead in less than a month...
I bought the brown ink.  It is very scratchy and spotty so it is hard to see that the ink is brown -- it looks more like a very light black.  But the real problem is that while the barrels are new they skip so much you think that there is no ink left.  I would not recommend the BROWN.  I haven't tried other colours. Brown is very scratchy
Like the other reviews about jamming, I have had the same constant problems. HP has been no help, just the corporate run around from an outsourced call center. I have only had this in "use" since March.I just received this email today from someone there that cannot even write in complete sentences. He says"They are reviewing the case,  we don't replaced printers for new ones after 30 days of purchase, only for refurbished, they are trying to work around on that, is not as simple as just saying yes. Please just bear with me while I received the reply.  Just rest assured that they are working on in at this moment ok, as soon as I have their offer I let you know."This is under warranty and I am waiting for their OFFER. Under no circumstances should you buy from this company. They give you no service, and if you google this is a known issue with this printer.Addition to this review July 6th.I received a phone call today, months after my purchase and they offered to send me a new one. I listened with a smile on my face and then told them that I had purchased another printer, and that would be the last HP product in my home. Oh, my new printer, not hp, is just working great, no jams and perfect printing. Horrible Printer, Phantom Jams, Don't Buy From HP
This is a very misleading offer from a company that probably invested way too much VC money in a failed scheme and is now desperately trying to maintain a business that does not deserve to exist.For the typical user (someone who mails a few things a week) there is nothing you can do with this $18 a month software that cannot be done for FREE online with USPS, UPS, or FedEx.The Bait & Switch of this offer:When you look at the description of this product, you are thinking that you get a $45 postage credit, right?  WRONG!  You actually get $5, but that is NOT made clear until AFTER you have signed up and supplied a valid credit card number.  Then guess what - there is no easy way to cancel your account once you figure out what a questionable product this is!Yes, that's right folks - you have to CALL their "customer service center" which is only open Monday - Friday during normal business hours.  I don't know about you, but during that time, I'm BUSY WORKING and don't want to spend an hour on hold waiting for someone who barely speaks English to make it difficult for me to cancel my account.I was going to post a review about feature/functionality, because I did install the software and use it, taking a lot of notes in the process.  However, it would be a waste of your time (and mine) to bother, since the service itself is such a poor value.  If you are a business that requires a large volume of mailing, then get a postage meter and dispense with the hassles of this lightweight desktop product.  If you are like me (a small home-based business), it is far more economical to just use the various FREE online options for printing labels.  For a few bucks you can buy postage labels directly from USPS (for less than what Stamps.com charges, btw).This service just doesn't make sense.Still considering it?  OK, here's a couple of specific complaints/comments about the software:* Windows only - no Mac version (this is not made clear in the item description)* Clunky install wizard reminiscent of Windows 95 has me very worried about how hard it will be to uninstall this software...* Once you type in your "promo code" (the one that is supposed to give you $45 per the item description), there is no indication that it has "taken".  I realize now that this is intentional - they know that if they show you are only getting $5, you will cancel before you have gotten to the next important step (for them) - handing them your credit card number!* The marketing "opt-in" check boxes are small, hidden, and default to "opt-in"* If you want to print labels, you have to supply the serial number off the individual label page.  Huh??!!!  Ah, of course - they want to make sure you only buy labels from them!* As mentioned earlier, once you supply your credit card number, there is no way to remove it or cancel your account on line.  You have to call a number during "regular business hours"Bottom line, it appears that Stamps.com is so desperate for customers that they are resorting to bait-and-switch tactics and very misleading business practices.  Furthermore, the product is of questionable value in an environment where several superior FREE options exist.[UPDATE 2/8/10]I called today to cancel the service.  I was told to hang up and call another number, which I did.  I waited on hold for about 6 minutes at the second number, and then spoke with someone who was obviously well trained on selling rather than customer "service".  She was professional and cordial, but moderately aggressive about overcoming my objections to the service (extending the free trial, changing to a lower priced plan, etc).  Once I mentioned that I was using a Mac, she gave up quickly and processed my cancellation.  I then uninstalled the software from my Windows PC.  The cancellation process seemed relatively painless (hopefully it will actually take effect) and took about 15 minutes of my time. Misleading offer that doesn't work on a Mac
I won't restate other reviewers but add that I also found nothing in my package to order a scale and only one postcard offering $10 credit.  I uploaded a photo to show package contents.I wanted this to work as I have to make weekly trips to the post office to have packages weighed for mailing.  Even if my mailing costs exceed the $10 credit, I'll still be paying an additional $8 a month for the privilege of printing my postage at home.I'll save $100 a year and a lot of hassle by just taking my packages to the post office.You can mail any package from home weighing less than 13 oz. using regular stamps.  You can get all the details at the USPS website (search for first class mail prices) but here are some of the costs:7oz  $2.248oz  $2.419oz  $2.5810oz  $2.7511oz  $2.9212oz  $3.09 Misleading Claims
When I first received this kit, I was impressed by all the different types of Avery labels included and really looked forward to trying everything out with the free $45 in postage it advertised.  I created my account, entered my promo code, and couldn't figure out why I only had a $5 credit.  Then I read the fine print on the packaging that isn't included in the Amazon information and found that I get the additional $40 after 30 days.  Unfortunately, at the 30 day mark, they are going to bill me the $17.99 monthly fee too.  So, I'll use my $5 and cancel the account.  There is no reason for me to pay $18 a month for the same service I can get for free through Paypal or USPS.The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one was because the included labels are very nice.  I hope Amazon revises this item to include the critical information about only getting a $5 credit upfront and having to pay a $17.99 fee to get the next $40.Edited: It got even worse.  I tried to print the 11 stamps I could print with the $5 in free postage and the software can't find my wireless printer (even though every other piece of software on my computer finds it just fine).  I attempted to print to what they chose as default and, of course, it didn't print.  So, I tried to get the money back and the link to request a refund, conveniently, doesn't work.  I went to call customer service to cancel, and they are only open Monday - Friday.  So, now I have to wait until Monday and deal with them while I'm at work.  Because of this, I had to take away a star.  I would take away two, but I'm already at the lowest rating.I also read through the fine print again (and after reading other reviews) and saw that the kit should come with four postcards for $10 in free postage.  You can only use one $10 credit per month, but that wouldn't matter for me anyway because my kit only came with one postcard. Very Misleading
I am a nice reviewer.  As I've grown accustomed to Amazon's reviews and descriptions, it's really rare for me to buy something (or select something) that I don't already know I will really enjoy.It's going to take a lot for me to say something deserves only one star.This deserves zero stars.There are several reasons.  One is that it immeadiately demanded a credit card number before I tried out the product.  Even if I just want to look at the software, see how it handles mail merges or label printing or whatever, I have to give it a credit card or it just plain doesn't work at all.  The CD came with a "promo code" that did not work when I entered it in.  Not that it mattered, because this offer appears to be the default, code or not.It's pretty hard to use this unless you know exactly how much your product weighs.  That's how it works with postage most of the time, of course.  The scale requires you to pay and wait, it's only 5 pounds, and I just don't think it makes sense to eat up some of my trial period waiting for a scale I need.  This 'starter kit' really should have included that.  I would have been willing to pay ten bucks for the kit with the scale.  Of course, they are claiming the scale is free instead of simply charging you upfront.The free postage rebate is far outweighed in fees.  You get ten dollars back, but you have to follow a very silly postcard per month process while paying $18.  I hate these sorts of slow rebates with needless hassle and paperwork.  by the time you get $40, you have spent $72 on fees.  WORSE, you have spent 5 months at least.  And you spent more if you got the scale you really must get to make good use of this.So really, you're paying $8 a month for the first few months, for a product that isn't much better than the USPS shipping label printer.  And that's if you manage the hassle of the 'free' postage postcards for four months.  All in all, the claim "includes $45 in postage" is simply a lie.  It comes with $5 postage.  That's all.  To get more, you have to pay them more than you get back.I don't mind paying for this product.  A system that manages my postage would be a big help.  I sell things online and could use it.  Just be straight with me.  Don't make me jump through hoops.  If they had discounted the fee for the first few months, instead of this stupid plan, included a scale in the kit, this would have saved Avery customers needless hassle.The software is up to the task, the labels are very good (I like the 3 in one labels which print your postage, return address, and 'to' address), but it's nothing amazing, and the value of the product is actually negative.  It's a great concept, but every single step is a surprise that feels like I just lost the gimmick lottery.It was much easier, even after I installed this sucker and dug through my wallet for my Visa card, to just drive on down to the post office and let Patty determine my shipping charges. I am having a very hard time with this.
I don't see why anyone would buy this product.You only get $5 instead of $45 like the package states unless you sign-up for [...] and give them your credit card information.Upon googling about [...]. they have terrible customer service and bill peoples credit cards erroneously .Basically you are just getting highly overpriced labels, and software that took a tole on my computer. It took me almost a whole day to repair my computer and software back the way it was before I put this on it.Unless you are looking to spend money on absolutely nothing in gain and/or looking to destroy a computer... BEWARE - STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE!!! Horrible Overpriced Garbage!!!
This "starter kit" is really just a bunch of labels and the fabulous opportunity to get ripped off with a monthly subscription to a service you don't need. The descriptor is very misleading and doesn't include $45 worth of postage (just $5) and you have to register for Stamps.com and give them your credit card to activate your benefits. Then you have to remember to cancel on time, or they'll charge you $18 per month to do exactly what you can do on [...], Paypal, or eBay. Maybe this was useful before the major sites got the capability to print postage, but now it's obsolete and feels like very "slick" marketing. Deceptive
I really like the Avery line of products and I've been a loyal customer for years. This, however, is not a product that inspires confidence. The labels are great - the same Avery quality that I've come to expect - but the "free" postage isn't free and only comes after buying a few months' worth of membership at Stamps.com (currently $15.99/month).The kit also includes instructions to order a free postal scale. I've tried to order but the scale has never arrived (this is after several months).I actually don't mind going to the post office and find it very convenient and quick, but I don't mind trying out something new that might save me even more time. I sell a lot of books and thought that an online postage service would be handy, but this just hasn't worked out for me. I like that I can print out Media Mail postage (some online services don't provide that service), but I also make a lot of international shipments and I still have to go to the post office for those. All in all, this kit hasn't saved me any time, and that is the number one reason I wanted to try it.Perhaps if someone mails numerous packages each week this is a worthwhile membership, but it doesn't fit my needs. I don't like that the package promises one thing but the many lines of fine print actually point to something different. I'm not surprised that "free" doesn't mean free, but more transparency in the actual offer would be appreciated. Not a good deal
I do occasional selling on eBay and Amazon, so I jumped at the chance to review this for the Amazon Vines program. I'm so, so glad I didn't actually pay for it."$45 in postage*" the description promises. (*$5 immediately, and $40 after 30 days)."Four weeks of service included*" (*and $17.99/month afterward, which is almost half of that $40 in postage they promised [28&lt;30. Do the math])"Free postage scale* (*just pay shipping and handling)"Free delivery confirmation with Priority Mail services" (something that is available through the USPS website to anyone using Priority Mail).And so on.What's actually in the package is a bunch of mailing labels and a CD. You do get some mailing management software, but, unless you do mass shipping, it's not clear it's that much better than the interface eBay and Paypal already provide. If you jump through a bunch of hoops, and pay an exorbitant monthly fee, you'll get some value back in postage. Not worth it Death by Asterisk
Avery has joined forces with stamps.com to offer this "starter kit" for print-at-home postage, and while the box makes big, great-sounding promises: "Four Free Weeks of Service!" and "$45 Free Postage" ... the fine print reveals some major drawbacks.First, the "free" postage. Actually, it's only $5, not $45, unless you subscribe to stamps.com $15.99/month service. And even then it's not $40, it's $10 per month via four separate coupons (my kit had only one), redeemable only via a mail and requiring an ADDITIONAL "6-8 weeks" of waiting, FOR EACH. Oh and the postcard must be mailed using an Avery stamp and stamps.com postage, notch. Oh and, that "four weeks" of free service? It's actually 14 days. When you sign up, they state clearly they'll charge your credit card for a month's service if you don't call and cancel, "within 14 days."The (ridiculously high, in my opinion) monthly service fee is prohibitive unless you're mailing upwards of $200-$400/month on a regular basis, so that leaves most home users out. Since the postage MUST be printed on stamps.com approved labels, that's another continuing and significant expense, above and beyond the $15.99 monthly fee and postage costs. I also read complaints from people online that cancellation is very difficult (you have to call and get the hard sell from operators) and can not be done online, leaving some with endless auto debits (the only method stamps.com allows for payment), even when they're not using the service.All you're actually getting with this kit is 5 pages of self-stick, printable mailing labels (10 total), 4 pages of "3-part mailing labels pages" and 5 stamp pages (20 stamps per page).In short, this is NOT something useful to most people who use USPS simply to send cards, pay bills and mail the occasional package. Unless you're currently making daily runs to the post office and sending 10-20 packages per week, stamps.com service likely won't pay off for you. And if you DO need this service--high volume eBay or Amazon Marketplace sellers, for instance--stamps.com own trial offer (which comes with the same label/stamp printing kit), postage credits, PLUS a 10 lb. USB postage scale that automatically integrates with their system and makes the whole thing MUCH easier to use, is probably a better deal.Again, and only in the fine print, Avery acknowledges a postage scale is required to fully utilize the stamps.com service. The Avery kit claims you can get a 5 lb. postage scale (that does NOT hook up to your computer or integrate with the stamps.com software) by submitting a mail-in form and, "just pay[ing] shipping and handling." My kit lacked said form but I have a sneaking suspicion that "shipping and handling" would exceed the cost of the scale in the first place. (You can buy a basic 5 lb. postage scale for >$15 at most office supply stores.)Lastly, the Avery/stamps.com system will only work with Windows PCs. Max and Linux users are out of luck. In fact, the packaging says it only works with Vista, but Windows 7 machines seem to access everything OK too. (Stamps.com entire site only works with Windows running Internet Explorer, making it a web dinosaur. Some areas won't function under Firefox or other browsers. Who under the age of 65 uses IE?)If you do use lots of postage, stamps.com might be a good deal--for instance, you get electronic rate discounts on larger mail items and extra services--but I think there are better ways to use/access the service than via this Avery starter kit. And if you're only mailing things online, there are other places to print online postage, without a monthly fee, including the U.S. Postal Service's own website.EDIT: For some reason, even though the service name and free postage amount claim are listed in the TITLE OF THIS PRODUCT, Amazon.com redacted all references in my review to the service these Avery labels require you to use for postage and the amounts of free postage promised and/or given. I don't get that at all (especially when such things NOT redacted in a previous review) and I have no idea how you're supposed to review the labels when you can't reference the service you must subscribe to use them and the claims made on the packaging. High Monthly Service Fees, Not Compatible with Mac
As others have already reviewed, the marketing on this product is pretty out of control.  Lots and lots of hype, and very little value delivered.  At the end of the day, you're paying $17.99/month for some software (and a one-time credit of $40 postage.).As far as I can tell with brief usage, though, the software offers you nothing that you can't do for free on the USPS website.  And from the USPS site, you can just print onto plain printer paper, with no need to purchase labels, etc.If you are an eBay seller, the Paypal shipping label printing functionality is the same as USPS, with just a faster process since the data from your transaction is already in the eBay/Paypal system. AVOID.  Use the USPS site or eBay/Paypal instead.
There is not much to say about labels. You expect to be able to print well onto them, and have them adhere well onto packages. Unfortunately, these labels only accomplish the latter. They are promoted as accepting both ink and laser toner, but in my Brother laser printer, I tried to print both UPS and USPS labels onto them and the print quality was so terrible that I had to reprint onto plain white labels. I feared the carriers would not accept labels with degraded bar codes. It seems the printing surface of these labels is too fibrous to accept the toner well, and it even smudged a little after printing. In non-critical situations this might be fine, but not when printing bar codes. The adhesive seemed strong and durable, however.Having labels that blend in with corrugated boxes is a nice idea, but not at the expense of usability or print quality. Laser printing does not work well on these labels.
They arrived torn and scattered in the box.I returned them without use.There was no labeling included.This is a very generic low-end product. defective packaging
Peels up after an hour or so so I have to use tape as well....defeatist itemWhy in the world am I using sticky labels that don't stick?  Is this bizzaro world or something? Peels up after an hour or so so I have to use tape as well....defeatist item
This has got to be the worst printer I've ever owned. I use multiple mifi cards at my location for internet due to lack of DSL in our area, which means that you must install the printer on EACH mifi connection. Unfortunately, since it is not a static connection, the IP address frequently changes and then the printer must be reinstalled to that particular IP address. Which means that EVERY single time you want to print something, the printer must be REINSTALLED.On top of that, no matter how many times we reconfigure or realign the printer, it does NOT print straight. the margins at the top will be .50 indented and the bottom will be .75, so the images are skewed, the text is skewed. We've recalibrated, run the various maintenance options, etc. From the get go this printer has been nothing short of a nightmare.It goes through ink like a sponge absorbs water and the heads frequently need cleaning to prevent massive smudging. Photos printed on photo paper have a tendency to smear before they can dry & can only be printed up to 5x7 size due to the alignment issues.The only good thing about it is the FAX, which is why I haven't thrown it out the door yet. Worst Printer I've ever Owned
We purchased many of these printersin 2009-2010 about 150)- 3 from Amazon.We don't understand any of the 5 starreviews unless their from Epson's pocket.Out of the 150 printers,we kept 4 for ourselves (The restwere for resellers).Of the 4  printers - all 4 have been troublesome.1 went dead (No power) after just 2months, other one went with blinking lights"internal error" - and it will not functionwhat-so-ever.  Of The remaining 2:One isstill functioning but hassles us with "printcartridges not recognized"(with the original ink cartridges thatcame with the printer).  This printer failsover day or so - we partially resolvedthe problem by pulling the power cord fromthe wall and re-starting this cumbersome printer.Finally, the final 4th printer (after workingfine for 4 months) is blinking the same errormessage that the previous printer did.This monster has bad quality control issues.The paper tray is horribly designed and sitsfar to close to the receiving paper tray thatis so flimsy, it broke off on two of our printers.Paper jams are frequent on these printers, andcan only print on thin papers.  Sometimes, itpicks up 4 or 5 sheets at a time (20 pound paper)especially when printing jobs with multiple paperrequirements. The printer needs a baby sitterif you send a print job consisting of more than 1 page.The CD Tray is way too flimsy. Seems like it canbend or break very easily - very poorlymade and just bad quality for such a price to pay.Internet SpyingWhen we proceeded to printing a job over 3 documents,our firewall sent us a message (before printing)"EEventManager Application is trying to access the internet"When we looked it up it said "Seiko Epson".  Now, when pressed"print" why did it want to access the Internet?  Umm...Well, we blocked it, because we DO Know that Epson "updates"your printer's software to block you from using 3rd partycartridges.So to Epson: Why do you want to connect to  our computerswhen printing a simple document?710 CartridgesThe 710 ink cartridges seem to last a bit longer,but the printer spends  much of the time'cleaning' the heads, that a good portionof the ink (at least 7 per cent) of the cartridgeis wasted during its cleaning cycle.The cycle seems to occur to every timeyou turn on the printer - so wekept on most of the time (or sleep)..so the cycle would not repeat sooften.  One amazon review also noted thatthe internal counter is ticking away everytimethe printer saturates the ink pads - somethingEpson never tells it customers that this printerwill completely shut down after the pads aredone (the reset software may not work), leavingyou without a scanner - because once the printershuts down - so does the scanner (we had thischecked and it has been verified by technicians).Also on this last 710 we have,the scanner keptscanning everytime we would turn on the computer -automatically -  scanning nothing.  Weird.These printers are extremely noisy onstart up to print.  The snaps, crackles,and pops it makes before printing (sometimesfor a good 2 minutes) is enough to make thehair stand up on you thinking if this printeris commiting suicide.  They are fairly quietwhile printing, though.Summary:  We can not recommend this printer.The paper jams are far to frequent along withits terrible cheap paper tray. Our employeesdespise this model simply because it hasruined gobs of clean white paper by jammingand swallowing up 2 to 5 sheets at a time.Daniel James Tyler  (WJ Group) Monster Paper Jammer
Don't be fooled by the advertising that claims this is a 48-bit (16/channel) scanner.  The files produced by their scanning software will be downgraded to 24-bit (8/channel) before being given to you.  I bought this unit from somewhere other than Amazon, but am posting this review as a public service.I submitted this exact problem to Epson's support: "Using the latest version of the scan software (Epson Scan 3.76US) in 'Professional Mode' I do not get a 48-bit color scan option. Under 'Image Type' I get '24-bit Color' only. How do I scan at the advertised 48-bit color depth level?"EPSON'S RESPONSE (four-day turnaround, fyi)"Thank you for contacting Epson regarding your Epson Artisan 810.  The specification of the scanner can support 48 bit (input) and 24 (output only). That is why on Epson Scan you only have 24 bit option."MY COMMENTSI'm not given to hyperbole, but this is downright fraudulent on the part of Epson - nowhere in any of their marketing or support documentation for this product do they reveal the scanner has a lower "output" than "input" bit depth.  And to add insult to injury I can see right in their scanning software that 48-bit is supported on at least some of their products, but in my case the 48-bit option was grayed out.  (And until now I was completely ignorant of the difference - do a Google search for "scanner input versus output depth").  My recently deceased Canon MP760 all-in-one scanner would output 48-bit (i.e. 16/channel) color depth, and my Photoshop CS2 software handled it just fine.  It never occurred to me that a more-expensive and three-year-newer printer would not do the same.  You have been warned. Not a true 48-bit scanner, contrary to their advertising
I ordered 1 set. The first was not recognized by my ip4700 printer even after many tries as a functioning cartridge or would read empty. I emailed Vivamart and they promptly sent out another set. I was able to occasionally make the 2nd one work intermittently but neither are now recognized by my printer after printing less than 5 pages. These apparently are not really compatible. I am not fond of the ip4700 printer in any way. It is cantankerous, slow, and hangs up my computer. All my previous Canon printers were much better than this. And almost anyone's cartridges worked just fine. not compatible
I would give this 5 stars for great adhesive and removability but the little tear off piece is terrible. The perforation is useless leaving a jagged ugly edge. I understand why they tried to market it this way since people are use to the pad form of Post-it products but these would have been much more user friendly had they left them as individual wax paper backed labels and sold them in the same zip lock storage pouch they already came in.I much prefer their product called Color-Coding Labels sold in an 8.5x11 sheet size format with waxed paper backing for easy removable labels. There are 4 colors rather then just two and they have clean rounded edges for a much nicer finished look. They can be printed on with your printer (the package I received was for laser, not sure they make them for inkjet?) but they are nice to hand write on as well and they are smaller labels 1''x2-5/8'' so they are great on file folders as well as other applications. They need to work on the above product some more I would not recommend them as they are now. The perforation stinks!
I tried these and the glue is too sticky.  When I tried to remove them, they torn the pages in my book.  :( too sticky
Pros:They are bright and come in assorted colors for easy color coding of filesThey run very well through the printer and come out cleanCons:They don't re-stick once they are peeled offThey come off in one piece, but leave a sticky residue on the file/folderThey are more pricey than regular stickies with no added benefitsYou can't cleanly write on them instead of putting them in the printerOverall, Don't waste your money on these.  They essentially do the same thing that regular, store brand labels do.  The only exception is that they come in neat colors.  I found that printing on them works well,  but where they fall short is the peeling and re=sticking.  They come off, but leave a mark and then are not truly sticky enough to reapply and leave for a long period of time, which is the feature that I thought would make these labels worth paying the extra money for.  Also, I liked the idea of being able to color code files, these work great for that, but the fun colors alone aren't worth paying the extra cost.  I have found that I can use regular labels and print the letters themselves in color-which allows me to use the cheaper labels, but still have a color coded system that works just as well at a fraction of the cost.  In an economy where every penny counts, save yourself some money and pass on these over-priced, under performing labels!! Not really worth it
I'd had high hopes to save time by printing up a batch of these return address labels. Unfortunately, due to two problems, they're unsuitable for such use:1. The label size is not among the predefined sizes used in MS Office Word 2007, so I went to 3M's website in search of a template. Even that didn't work correctly. Though it appeared formatted perfectly on my computer the print overlapped the left margin by 2 letters on every single column. Repeated efforts to fix this weren't successful.2. Also, the label height is such that you can only get 2 lines of default (11 pt) size type on them. That's enough for a street address on one line, with City, State and Zip on another. In other words, there's insufficient space for your name, much less an apartment or suite number.I probably could've remedied the second problem by reducing the font to a smaller size but then it would be so small some people might find it unreadable. The first problem couldn't be corrected at all, unfortunately. Difficult To Format Properly With Word
I thought I'd give these some time before posting a review, to see how well they held up. They don't. I loved the idea of being able to move the labels on the plastic drawers I use for organizing everything I like to tuck away in cabinets, from office supplies to toiletries. But, less than a month after putting these in place, the labels were falling off every time I turned around. I found one that had made its way, somehow, from my home office out to reappear in my car. And, another one turned up on my cat's foot!A couple labels that I tested on manila folders did work better, and seem still to be in place for now. That's not what I wanted to do with these, though, and the ones I tested on a wood shelf didn't fare any better than the ones I used on plastic. I'm giving up on the nifty idea of re-stickable labels on my plastic drawers and boxes, and plastering these in place with a strip of packing tape each. And, I'm not impressed. It's a great idea, but it needs to go back to the drawing board! Sticks to paper, but nothing else
I bought several of these to hold doors open while moving from one apartment to another. They are realy light, too light to hold a heavy door. They are also prone to breaking or bending rather than holding doors in place if you do manage to get them to stay put. I ended up needing to wedge several of these together under an exterior door to keep it open. Don't bother
i hate having to open n close doors to go from room to room in my own house when i am the only one at home so i thought these might be able to help...seems i was wrong!!no matter how far i push 'em under the doors they just skate right across the floor with the least amount of breeze...two different rooms...two different tiles (non-skid-might i add)...maybe it has to do with the smooth finish in the bottom...either way...i wont recommend these for wooden or tiled floors... waste of money...
This thing looks like half of a golf ball on my wall, it also doesn't do much for stopping the door either.  By its description it seems like it is soft and full of air.  Its a hollow half circle with a sticker pad on the back.  Haven't decided if it is even worth the return effort Soft Wall Door Stop
You get a 36x24" thin sheet of melamine resin surrounded by a VERY thin aluminum frame with a little tray to hold your markers and eraser on the bottom side. The frame is so thin, the entire structure warps and wobbles it you attempt to actually write on the board or erase while on an easel. You need to dedicate one hand to hold the board when using it.If mounted on a wall - and it comes with instructions, template and the needed 2 screws and 3 (one extra) plastic wall anchors - the warping should not be an issue but that's not how I intended to use it.I do hate this board and therefore the 'one star' rating. If the vendor issued a warning against easel mounting it would have been a different story and I would not have spent my money on it in the first place but, warning absent, I wasted my money on something that I can't use as I intended. It warps
The packing was completely inadequate, the board was out of the package and broken at two corners. Arrived terribly damaged
I bought this when it was on special at Christmas, but just got around to using it now.  I popped in new batteries I bought from Amazon and they were too weak.  Lousy Amazon basic batteries!  Put in more new batteries and tried again.  Nothing.  Opened it to find the the labels were twisted inside and they were all dried out.  Boo, hiss, Amazon! Tape dried out.  Labels not dispensing
When I saw this lap table I have to admit I thought it would be great for my laptop and iPad.  It might be, if you could ever get it configured right.  It is extremely difficult to set the legs and the sad part is that once you spend all that time to get the legs set right and use it, you have to fold the legs up to store it.  So the time it took to set it was wasted.  It is also kind of flimsey and bouncy.  Not good for much of anything. BAD Purchase!!
In spite of what it says here, the manufacturer, when I called them, agreed that this cannot be used if you are an Amazon seller and want to print directly from the Amazon site, even though those labels are 4x6.On top of that, even if it did, it printed a partial print out of each label (cut in half) and I could see that the quality was so poor that it hardly matters--they are so faint that after it hits sunlight for a spell, like on a loading dock, it just is not well seen for the price.Add to that the fact that this is made so that when it prints out a blank page, you can't rewind the spool to use that blank page--it's' just wasted.  That is a big design flaw.I see that after I received this Amazon has put a hault on selling this item due to returns.It only makes sense to me that Amazon would create a label make of their own with so many Amazon sellers...there is only a 50/50 shot of the Zebra working on a mac as well.  Why?  Because Zebra only makes software for a PC so sellers of the Zebra thermal printer have had their own after market software made to sell to mac users.  So usually you get some glitch in those. I had to return the Zebra I ordered as well because the software just did not truly work that the seller I ordered from had made.I bought this for work orders, both Amazon orders and my storefront, and it's just not going to work, even after I hired a computer expert to fix it.I did see bad reviews on this before I bought it but it was so mixed--and typically when you have a computer expert in your office, you figure if some are getting it to work, even if you have to pay extra to have it set up right, you'll be fine.  No go.I'm not giving up my mac so I will stick with the slower way of labeling.  Tape on paper address printouts.  Until perhaps Amazon can set up their own thermal printer for Amazon sellers.  I'd buy that.  If it worked with my mac, If you want it primarily for Amazon sales labels and have a mac, pass on it.  The manufacturer agrees.
I replaced a PIXMA IP3000 which was the best printer I have used in years. I had a S450 prior which was also great. Lexmark's and HP's have been way too expensive on ink. The Lexmarks also had inferior print quality and reliability problems to boot. I have run almost a million pages through several printers. I lost my ip3000 in a power outage. I suspect that this triggered a circuit which could be reset or replaced. Tech support was useless. My failing eyesight has prevented me from being able to completely disassemble the old printer. The internal power supply does supply power to the printer, but nothing else works. If someone out there knows how to fix this problem let me know. I still have about 20 cartridges for this printer. I would love to have it working again.For the new ip4700,I was disappointed by the tiny ink cartridges. I also prefer transparent ink tanks. This printer takes much longer to start printing than my precious printers. This is the slowest printer I have used in years. It took several minutes to print 4 pages of text with colored borders, then crashed my computer. It printed on reboot. On a good day even 1 page of text takes several seconds. Also, the default paper source is automatic which looks for the lower tray first and if it is empty it locks up the computer rather than looking at the rear tray which is my preferred paper source as I can see the type of paper being loaded. ADDITIONAL WARNING Do not use the driver CD: download the driver, although that is still giving my computer(WINXP) problems even after 2 driver upgrades. The print quality is no better than my old s450 and ip3000, which were good. I do not normally print photos, but advertising material. I am probably going to return this printer. I am so glad I bought it through Amazon.Update: I have not returned the printer. I needed one. This printer still hangs up after a print job. I have to cancel it manually and that takes several minutes to execute. To print several jobs could take 1/2 hour. I now have found a used ip4500 (more ink for less) and I will sell this ip4700 printer cheap.Next update -1 month later. Still major problems - Finished print jobs will not release printer. It takes typically 1/2 hour to print 4 multiple page jobs in standard res. Constant cleaning cycles caused it to run the magenta and cyan out of ink after 2 pages color and 50 pages of text. Many non-OEM cartridges do not work properly with this printer causing lockups. I do not recommend this printer for anyone.It is now 3 months and a move later. I purchased a used Canon after my experiences with this one. I probably will not buy another new Canon. This one freezes, then will not release the print jobs and prevents any more printing without a reboot. It uses more ink in setting itself than I used in actual printing. One set of cartridges did not even last 100 pages of text and a few pictures. I do not think the non_OEM cartridges are as much a problem as is the software. I am going to purchasing a cheap laser printer for my text jobs. Not as good as previous models, in fact very poor
I have owned this printer for close to two years now and a few days ago I got a B200 error telling me to contact customer support. I did and they told me there is something wrong with the electronics of the printer or the printer head and that I need to buy a new model or repair it, but the repair will probably cost more than a new printer. I mostly use the printer for scanning and I have printed just a few times since I bought it, this is a home printer with a very light workload, connected to a surge protector, etc. That it broke down so soon means very poor quality. Ink consumption was an issue too, very, very high, but printing quality was amazing so I could live with it. Not anymore as it's not workingThis is my first and last Canon printer I'll ever own, this is completely unacceptable. I'll stick to their cameras which appear to be built by professionals and not by the amateurs that build their printers. For me is back to HP, their printing quality may not be that good and their UIs are subpar, but at least they not break down after light use, all HP printers I owned in the past were donated or recycled to give way to a new product, they never failed on me like this flimsy productDid I mention Canon printers are atrocious? O yes I did Horrible Quality - Stay Away from Canon Printers
I hate writing bad reviews but some products just warrant them.  I received this product along with the binding supplies and, despite going through nearly half of the binding folders, not a single sample has worked.  I've tried everything--fewer sheets, fill the thing folders to capacity, bind on a longer setting.  Nothing.  Sure, the first and last sheet will stick to the folder but the center sheets simply fall out.If I need things bound in the future, I'll be paying the few bucks for the professionals at the office supply store to do it. Take your stuff to a professional.
At first glance the Avery PocketTabs (5.125 x 6 inches, CD Size) seemed like an interesting idea. A plastic tab that holds CDs, photos and more. On second glance I wondered exactly what would I do with this product.I can put CDs or photos in the plastic tabs. They fit inside nicely. Now what? Should I paste my CDs into an album? Should I paste them on a wall? What can I do with these plastic tabs that I couldn't do with other products? I am sure that given enough time I'll figure it out. Meanwhile I am still waiting for inspiration to strike. Until it does, I am afraid that these Avery PocketTabs will sit in my desk drawer doing little to nothing.The Avery PocketTabs may well be a product solution looking for a problem. Product Looking for A Problem
I obtainted this product via the Vine Program (sample product is supplied to Vine members at no cost for evaluation)as I thought it would provide a nice storage sleeve for either a CD/DVD or similar flat items.  Based upon the description of the package, one would expect that this product could be added to some type of binder (reference is made to being able to tab through them).  This simply is not the case, there are no provisions in the holder to be added to any type of binder.Reference is also made to being able to open and close the sleeve easily.  That is also not the case.  While there is a plastic cutout that can be inserted into th sleeve, it is difficult to use without being able to flex the sleeve (impossible to do if you have anything that take up very much of the sleeve).There are tabs on the top of sleeve (they are all located in the center of the sleeve so forget about easy indexing)so that you could place them loosely into a box.  There is also a place on each sleeve where an Avery cover is placed over a sticky surface on the sleeve.  The cover is NOT intended to be written upon.  Instead, it appears to be there to cover up the sticky surface until you peel it away and then place a special Avery label onto the sticky surface.I have tried finding a use for this product, but have not had any luck!  It appears that this product was originally designed for a special purpose that was either scrapped or failed and that the company is looking for some way of salvaging their investments in parts.If you are looking for a CD/DVD sleeve, buy one made specifically for that purpose.  If you are looking for a business card holder, there are several good ones out there specifically designed for that purpose.  If you want to store pictures, again, there are very good products specifically designed for this purpose.  Trying to force this product to do any of those jobs is just a waste of time and money. Questionable storage
This packet of Avery Pocket Tabs doesn't have any significant qualities that make it stand out in a crowded market that already has various CD/DVD cases for safe storage. These soft plastic cases don't have soft pads inside to protect your CD or DVD and just a tab sticking on the top doesn't make it unique. I much rather use hard plastic cases that provide protection from breakage and scratching on the surface. This is a soft case which makes it unsuitable for CD and DVD. This product has no significant features that make it stand out
Updated Review:We've been using these in our home with light use by two of our children over the past few months.  At least half of them have broken apart at the joint in such a way that they can't be fixed.  I would never recommend these, especially in a classroom where they would get heavier use.Original Review:I really like these scissors.  They're sharp to cut with (I can't stand the paper only scissors), but blunt so it's safer.  I love that  they're right or left handed and I love the color assortment.  The size is nice too - easy for both kids and adults to use.As others have pointed out the "stand" is just plastic packaging and is basically false advertising.  If it didn't say that it included a stand I would have given it five stars.  The packaging bows in the middle so half the scissors don't stay upright, and it's so lightweight that it easily falls over.  If it didn't say it came with a stand you would literally throw the packaging out and not think anything of it.I agree with another reviewer that the colors looked dirty somehow where they meet the secondary color, but that's cosmetic and relatively minor.Overall they're a solid product. Started breaking
Although I love the pastel colors, this item is wasteful.Unfortunately, I'll never use the note tabs. A Waste of Postage
I'm a longtime user of all sizes of post-it notes and flags to mark pages in books. If I want to write on my note, I'll use a yellow note page, and if I just want to mark the page, I'll usually use a flag. I thought I'd give these heavy duty note tabs a try to see what they would be like. I'm not impressed, especially given the cost. They are certainly sturdy, and I was able to write on them easily. I found them more heavy duty than any application I'd consider, and the cheaper post-it note solution is much more cost effective for any use I have for this product. If for some reason you want your sticky notes to last, use these note tabs. Otherwise, there are cheaper and simpler ways to make notes and mark sections of books. Industrial Waste
Edited:This printer forces you to buy a new color cartridge every 7 to 12 months even if you don't print a single color document - in fact, it runs out faster than the black cartridge I use all the time. Despite the 'lower' ink prices I like HP's cartridges... in fact I just replaced an HP Black one that had lasted 3 years.----Drawbacks:1. The color scan quality is very poor, especially if the item is a few millimeters off the surface. Dark areas in particular end up with very little clarity.2. You can not print if either of the cartridges are empty. This is absolutely unforgivable and clear profiteering by Kodak. This alone is nearly enough not to recommend the printer and one of the biggest contributers to the 3 star review.3. The ink does tend to run out fairly quickly.4. Fairly loud and noisy on start up. This is a real pain if you like to turn on/off the printer with a surge protector, the extent of the mechanical noises seems unnecessary. Do not buy
I've tried my best to revive this printer from the dead.  I've wasted so much ink and had so many issues that it's simply impossible to begin on what is wrong with this system.  I've used Kodak ink, compatible ink and swapped them back and forth to no avail.  The system simply will not print or copy as it did when brand new.True, the ink is very inexpensive but with the quality of the system so cheaply made the inexpensive ink is hardly worth the cost of having to buy a new system in less than 2 years. I've run the maintenance, aligned the print heads, changed the ink and still I have no usable printer.  What I have is a very large WiFi paperweight that needs to be tossed in the trash if not picked up by Kodak.It's a shame the system went south.  For the first year it printed great, had great quality but it slowly started to print erratically, and the crispness faded out as time went on.  If someone offers you this printer, even if it's free it's best to avoid the headaches since your print quality will be hit or miss.  Kodak used to stand for quality, today - not so much.I'm very disappointed in this system and do not recommend it to anyone. Super Poor Quality
Well, the service was fast in getting it delivered, but what a pile of scrap metal. Assemble was easy, however, the end result is a chair that is not overly comfortable, but functional for short bursts at a desk. Well, even with "short bursts", the hydraulic pole that holds up the chair keeps collapsing to the lowest position; oh, and might I add it's not even four months.  I'm 185 pounds so there's no excuse. Spend a little more and get a chair that works. If this were food, it would be McDonald's. These are the type of things that are tough to return to Amazon.... so think long and hard before you decide to go on the cheap with a new desk chair. Spend the Extra - Stay CLEAR of this CHAIR!
After reading hundreds of reviews and waiting for a l-o-n-g time, I finally decided to take the plunge and buy an Ooma system (the Telo).  Setup went very smoothly, and the first calls on the first day were great.  It's been about two weeks now, and it's been downhill steadily.On day 1, I found out that despite their claims of portability, Ooma could not port my phone number.  Moreover, despite their claims of being able to provide a number within my calling area, they couldn't do that either.  I settled for a completely "alien" number.  I also learned that it is not free service.  State taxes on phone service must be paid each month regardless of having the Ooma system, and a great many of the Ooma features are available only with their $10/month Premier service.On day 2, Ooma began sending all my calls to voice mail without giving me a chance to answer.  It also cut off the caller, so they were unable to leave a message.  I contacted Ooma support; they adjusted the software and had me reboot.  Worked okay.On day 3, I began getting complaints from callers about lag time.  The voice lags about 3-4 seconds, causing conversations to "step all over each other."  Ooma's response:  It's a known problem and we hope users will continue to provide feedback so we can solve it.On day 4, callers began to complain that I always sounded as if I were on a very bad cell phone connection -- interference, dropouts, crackling, static, etc.  Ooma's response:  Your internet service probably isn't fast enough.  Since I have the fastest Internet service available from any ISP, clearly this is not the problem.  Ooma then acknowledged that yes, it's possible the problem is theirs; they just like to have everyone check their ISP first.On day 5, extreme echoing was added to the list of call quality complaints.After debating for several days whether the very poor call quality was worth the very low price of using Ooma, today it again started to send all my calls straight to voice mail.  Checking the Ooma support forum, I see it's happening to many users all over the country.  Obviously, another Ooma software problem.My choice comes down to great phone service with horrific customer support at high cost with the traditional phone company, or horrific phone service with helpful customer support at low cost with Ooma.  Since the primary purpose of having the phone at all is to make and receive phone calls reliably, I guess I'll have to opt for the former.  I could not be more disappointed about that. Not Good, Not Free, Not Happy
I just got the OOMA telco headset in the mail yesterday.  It was simple to setup and get up and running.  Except that less than 12 hours later OOMA made a stupid mistake.  The phone number I got from OOMA was being used by someone else.  I was able to dial out, but the people that called me at home through my ooma telco.  They received a different household.  So I decided to call home and got an old Asian lady with broken English.  We spoke and found out that she was porting the number to some where else.  But OOma gave it to me.  So I called OOMA to get this sorted out.  First thing they ask me was lets test the device.  I tell them its not the device, its your phone system switching and messing up and giving out duplicate number.  I mentioned the girl on the phone to give me a new number but she kept on insisting on being in front of my device.  I tolled her, your not listening.  I am away from my phone right now and work late so by the time i get home you guys are out.  She replied, I take it your not in front of your phone.  Gsus effin christ!  She then tolled me to call back later so I tolled her its ok ill make it easy for you and especially for me.  I am returning your product back and getting my money back and begrudgingly keeping Vonage.  Buh-Bye. STAY AWAY!!!
If you don't want their "premier" subscription, then watch out. They started me off with 3 free months of premier, then, once that time is expired, started charging me $15 a month, even though I chose the basic subscription level during the setup. The only way to change this is to try calling them, and once I finally got through to them after half a dozen tries, I told them to downgrade me to the normal basic subscription level, to which they said they would. A couple days later, all service to my telo stops. I called them to find out that they completely canceled my service. So now I have to resubscribe and go through this mess all over again.I should have known that something like this would happen once I saw that they wanted to charge you for what is advertised as a "free" phone service. The item title for this amazon page literally says "free home phone service" even though you will still get charged for even the basic service. It's a scam
First, I need to say that when OOMA works, that the service is good, but the voice quality could be improved.  The Premium service is worth the money as it adds a lot of features that other phone companies don't offer.  I really like their Internet web site for managing the service.  Customer Service is good.However, there are some negative aspects about OOMA Telo that you should know about before you purchase one.1) The OOMA Telo units are unreliable.  The first unit went bad after 10 months of a 12 month warranty.  Purchased a new Telo from Frys because they had a sale.  It went bad after 10 days.  OOMA sent out a replacement unit.  It only lasted for 10 days.  The OOMA service is good, I can't say that about the hardware.  If you are looking for reliable service, OOMA is not it.2) The OOMA Telo units cannot be repaired.  Of course they can be repaired, but OOMA refuses to do it.  OOMA makes their money from selling new Telo units.  Maybe that is the reason why they are so unreliable.  After the 12 month warranty is done, you cannot get the unit repaired.  You must purchase a new one.3) Under warranty, replacement units take 7 to 10 days to receive.  How many people can be without a phone for 7 to 10 days?4) The setup is too complicated for senior citizens.  They don't want to be bothered with repairing the phone all of the time.  They have had reliable phone service all of their life.  Nobody needs these problems.Because of these problems, we are switching back to Time Warner cable.  To port the phone number to another phone company, you need to provide this information.Phone Company - OOMAAccount number - Your phone number with OOMAAccount holder nameYour addressYour phone number Problems that OOMA doesn't want you to know about
I had it for a year. Very good product and it saved me a lot of money since I dropped the land line with ATT. The only issue I have is that sometime it drops the calls. It doesn't happen often, but when it does it can be a little frustrating. Overall I'm very happy with the purchase and if not occasional call drop it would have been solid five star review.Update 7-11-11I downgraded my initial review from 4 stars to 1 star.First unit stopped working after 11 months (it was still under warranty). Second new unit lasted only 5 month before it broke. At that rate of breakage the ooma might not be very economical unless purchase  extended warranty. Two new units died within 15 months
A loud humming sound was present on the Ooma phone line when the Ooma device was located anywhere near my DECT 6.0 cordless phone base station, and only when a cordless handset was being used.  Apparently Ooma is very susceptible to RF interference (might happen if near my WiFi router as well).  After reading 5 pages of people complaining about the humming sound on the Ooma forum, I managed to reduce the hum by running a wire from the shield of the Ooma USB connector to house ground.  But voice quality still isn't great.I was annoyed that the Ooma has only one phone jack despite advertising support for two lines.  A second phone line requires an special Ooma handset (plus the $10/month "Premier" subscription), so it won't work with 2-line phones.  I would perhaps suggest using amagicJack Plusfor a second line.There is no backup battery in the Ooma to protect against power loss, so you may want to buy a UPS for both the Ooma and your router, to enable calls when the power is out.After using this for a month, I have noted that many calls do not go through.  On some outgoing calls, I get a "busy signal" on the first attempt, when the person I was calling was not on the phone.  Sometimes people that try to call me get a "cannot take your call right now" message on incoming calls (when I'm not on the phone).  So far the call has always worked on the second attempt, but me and my callers really shouldn't need to try multiple times.Got this at Costco for a good price and the unlimited return policy. Loud humming/buzzing sound & failed calls
These aren't index cards really. Not made of card stock. These are the exact same thickness as those anoying magazine subscription card paper mailers that fall out of magazines. Nothing but flex. Couldn't scoop up a penny off your desk with one as it would not hold the weight. Some Of The Worst
I have been searching for REAL index cards for over a year now.  I don't think anyone makes them anymore.  These are cheap, flimsy, slightly thick paper.  You can get the same quality at walmart or any other merchant.  Why companies don't make actual index CARDS anymore is beyond me.  These certainly aren't what I was hoping for.  I will not be purchasing them again. Disappointed
I bought this scanner, based on all the positive reviews, because I wanted better quality slide and negative scanning than my old Canon.Unfortunately, I didn't get far enough to check that out.My first problem involved scanning documents. I found that the machine was cropping the document to the very edge of the text and sometimes cropping out the text.I went online to Epson's tech support page to get the tech support phone number. Turns out that tech support is not a toll free number. STRIKE ONE.I called tech support and got some foreign dimwit who, every time I asked a question, said "hold on" and went away for a few minutes. After that happened a few times I hung up. STRIKE TWO.Then I went on a scanner forum and posted my question. I got an almost immediate response and the problem was solved.Next issue that arose was when I was scanning multiple photos. The user guide says keep them an inch apart. I did but they kept coming out as one image until I put only two photos on the scanner. My old Canon would separate a lot more than two photos but not really a deal breaker.Then I had the idea to scan my collection of business cards, hoping that I could put several on the scanner at once and have them separated into multiple jpeg's instead of scanning them one at a time. Didn't happen. They all came out as one document no matter what mode I was in. STRIKE THREE. YER OUT, EPSON.After getting my return label and dropping it off at UPS I hooked my old Canon back up, put 8 cards on the scanner and got 8 separate jpegs. I profusely apologized to my Canon and we have reconciled.PS: Canon has toll free tech support. I sent it back.
I know this isn't meant for hard core duty, but it still feels pretty cheap. a 2 year old could probably pick the lock. Mine came damaged, the corner was bent in one the left side, so it doesn't shut all the way, but I was outside the return time frame, so I just get to deal with this piece of junk. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money for something a little more quality. cheap
I'm a third-year law student, which pretty much means I'm an expert on highlighters.These are not good for highlighting.  It's difficult to explain, but the tip is very solid and stiff and is difficult to actually use to highlight.  I also don't like how much effort it takes to click the tip out.  It's not effortless like a bic pen, which is annoying if you need to do it a lot (like when reading a long document).  I much prefer other Sharpie highlighters that have caps instead of the retractable style. Doesn't highlight well
These don't last very long at all and the printer shows that all the color cartridges are 3/4 full.This is the second time this has happened with the Lexmark 100 color ink cartridge tri-pack..I don't have these issues with the black ink cartridges. I know this because I refill them all at the same time. The black is still working now. However, there is no color output whatsoever, when I try to print in color.I would rather buy a new printer, from a different manufacturer, than invest in one more set of these color cartridges from Lexmark. Wore out in less than 5 months printing with grayscale only
Why just one star?  Well, it's nothing to do with the quality of the printer.  Nor is it to do with the quality of the ink.  Heck, it doesn't even have to do with the expensive price tag.  So why one star?  Because although there is still about 75% left in the main black in cartridge and my printer is configured for "Use black ink only", once the printer got low/empty on the 3 colored inks, the printer wouldn't lay another drop of ink until they were replaced.  I thought this was a trick only HP used, but I guess I was wrong.  Seems like deceptive business practices to me. Yet another ink scam
Firstly I need to say that I'm a bit of a binder guru.  I love them for everything.  I'm in college, so naturally I use them for my classes, but I also have to do many power point presentations for both my job and many of my classes.  I always take in a binder that is specifically designed for that presentation, which I would guess is what this binder could be best used for.  It has slots for discs, letters, and a clip board - but so what?  Any binder could provide those things, and the "snap in" locking system is just annoying, not particularly helpful at all.  Additionally, it is CHEAP.  They must have used the absolute cheapest materials to produce this, because it felt like the plastic was going to snap off just as I was sliding all the folders in.I wouldn't spend $5 on this, much less $30.  It provides no form of convenience and looks cheap and unprofessional.  Stay away! Embarrassing excuse for a binder
Really nothing positive to say about these pens.  The ink does not flow smoothly off the pens, but rather sticks and scratches across the paper.  It's difficult to get the things writing - you have to do those scratching circles on paper to get them "charged up" - and even after they start, they often stop.  Totally frustrating, like trying to drive a car that is falling apart piece by piece and just wants you to let it rest in peace.  I gave these to my daughter and she got all excited about making some fun drawings with all the different colors - ten minutes after beginning her project, she said, "Dad, these pens are no good," and got interested in something else. Not Good
Don't buy this if you plan to keep it longer than a year and a half. I took very good care of it and used it rarely. It suddenly stopped working. This is a very cheap product. Lifespan of 1 year 6 months under light use
Although the shredder seemed to be packed securely, there was a crack in the container that holds the paper. There were plastic fragments but none were completely cut out.  Still, not impressive out of the box.The shredder comes in 3 pieces. The shred mechanism, the holder and a smaller holder that fits inside the larger to collect scraps from DVDs.  The DVD shred holder is a nice touch for those of us who are going to recycle the shredded paper. There is also a plastic guard that keeps the shredded paper from escaping the holder. This is attached to the shredder itself.I agree that this is top heavy, as most shredders are. The collection container is short, the taller the container, the more top heavy this would be.  At least it was designed right to avoid topples.I had the shredder on the automatic setting and shred for about 5 minutes.  Placed 5 sheets in and it bogged down and jammed the shredder. Cleaned out the fragments and the shredder would no longer work. The motor was extremely hot.  I let it cool down but the shredder would no longer function.There was also an odor while I was testing this out. It smelled like a new blender does when being used for the first time.  A bit annoying but nothing unusual.I do recommend using the paper shredder portion for credit cards. The DVD portion leaves the pieces too large.Overall, I'm not pleased considering that it was damaged out of the box and broke after 5 minutes of light use.  Not a fan and I would not purchase or recommend this item. Overheats easily- no longer worked after 5 minutes.
Looks so much bigger then it actually is when it arrived. I was not happy and was going to return it, but amazon told me just to keep it. I gave it away to someone that needed one since it did not meet my needs. Thanks Amazon Small
I wanted this product to work. My printer was producing lines up and down the sides of each sheet. My best guess was that the rollers were dirty.These sheets are "tacky" on one side. In truth, they aren't very sticky. Each sheet has about a 1.5" margin around the sticky portion. When I pulled the backing off, I was disappointed that the sticky part didn't extend to the edge of the sheets.Anyway, I followed the instructions and put the sheet, sticky side up, in my printer's paper tray. I ran the printer and... the sheet crumpled and got stuck right where the paper makes its turn to come out of the top of the printer. So, it hit about half the rollers. I had to nearly take the whole printer apart to get the sheet out.In desperation, I tried opening the back of the printer and sending the sheets straight through the bottom half of the printer. This worked. Unfortunately, it just produced a sheet with the same lines and no cleaning effect. I repeated this with four more sheets. No success.I consider this purchase a TOTAL WASTER OF MONEY. The design of the sheet begs for failure for several reasons - the sticky isn't spread to the edges of the sheet and the sticky causes the sheet to jam in the printer.I know you want those blemishes cleaned from your printed pages but THIS WON'T WORK. I don't know what alternative I will try next but it might involve a professional repair. SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR THAT.Good luck! High hopes but TERRIBLE result
I have an MX860 Canon printer.  I purchased these cartridges as a cheaper alternative to the expensive Canon cartridges.  Even though the packaging states these cartridges are compatible with the MX860 these cartridges did not fit my MX860 printer, they didn't even come close to fitting it.If you have the MX860 Canon printer stick with the Canon cartridges, buying these would just be a waste of time and money. These cartridges do not fit the MX860 Canon printer!!!
I give this 1-star because the chair is too small to fit the majority of adults (and not documented as such). Plus it has poor adjustability and _no_ instructions on adjusting.I am 5'10" tall and this chair was much too small for me. I have had a number of visitors try it and the results are that a 5'0" woman loves it, but it is on the borderline for women 5'5"-5'6" which I assume results of different proportions (legs, contours of back). All the men who tried it were 5'7" or taller and found it to be too small. You might check this range against the other reviews here, but at the time I last scanned other reviews, 5'5" was the tallest I saw for someone who liked the chair.The chair comes with absolutely _no_ instructions for adjusting the chair. Some adjustments are obvious, some not. The mechanism for adjusting the chair's height is the conventional lever and works well. The levers for adjusting the arm rests are easy enough to find and operate.Adjusting the seat back-----------------------With experimentation, I determined that the seat back adjustment was a ratcheting system with 6 positions. Should you raise the back above that sixth position, you need to return it all the way to the bottom and start again.When I first got the chair, getting the mechanism to engage was not easy. Many times it took some jiggling and other fine movements to engage. And sometimes, I just wasn't able to get it to engage, and had to start over from the bottom. However, as I asked visitors to try the chair to see who it might fit, the ratcheting mechanism got broken in, and adjustment became much easier: The positions were much easier to feel and hear (the clicks went from muted to loud). My estimate is that the break-in involved cycling the back dozens of times.There was a related problem of the chair back staying in place. When I first got the chair, the slightest disturbance could cause it to drop to the bottom, for example, leaning forward or bumping it while walking by. However, the broken-in mechanism is much more robust in holding its position.On lack of instructions: During the early period, the only visitors that could figure out how to adjust the back were fellow engineers. For other people, the clues were too ambiguous for them to do the repetitions needed to get the back to stay in place.Tilt Adjustment---------------There is a knob under that chair that has left multiple other reviewers here perplexed. As best I can determine, it provides a _slight_ adjustment in the tilt of the seat.1. Experimenting with the chair upside-down, I can see a slight movement. However, with someone sitting in the chair, she couldn't sense any change.2. The observed change occurred only during a tiny portion of the time I was turning the knob -- most of the time there seemed to be nothing happening.3. I was unable to adjust the chair while sitting in it. While I could just reach the knob, I couldn't get enough of a grip to effectively turn the knob. The 5'0" woman who liked the chair was unable to even reach it. If you are going to try this adjustment, you may have to have a friend lay on the floor and reach up to do the necessary turning.One other reviewer speculated that this knob adjusted the firmness of the seat, but my examination of the mechanism didn't find anything that would allow such.Other reviewers here stated that the height adjustment lever would also allow unlock the mechanism and allow you to tilt the chair back. I was unable to get their description to work, nor see the any part of the mechanism that would allow such. Consequently, I suspect that there are several slightly different mechanisms being shipped under the model number (a single reviewer reported an additional lever that allowed forward/back adjustment of the seat pan).Other details-------------1. The seat pan does not adjust. For 5'10" me, this leaves my legs feeling unsupported, like on a bar stool. There is a 6-inch gap between the front of the seat pan and the back of my calves.2. The seat back does not adjust up enough to come even faintly close to matching the contour of _my_ back. My 5'0" visitor found the 2nd or 3rd position (of 6) to be good for her.3. The arm rests are hard plastic with a concave contour, but you cannot adjust the angle. The contour presumes that you rest your arms straight forward rather than angling in. If you do the latter -- as most people do -- your arms will be uncomfortably on the ridge of that contour. Even if this wasn't a problem, the arm rests may be mounted too far back to be supportive -- for me, half was behind my elbows. Most of the chair models I see have padded _convex_ armrests which provide comfort at many angles. The advantage of a concave contour is that it helps keep your arm on the rest, but for me that has never been an issue.4. A petite person using this chair might find the arm rests too wide. The narrowest setting is 16-inches between the insides of the rests, a distance which was appropriate for me.5. The one positive was that the chair assembled quickly and easily. For this, there was an instruction sheet: It told you to do the obvious -- take the large red cap off the shaft before inserting it into the obvious hole that it obviously wouldn't fit into if the cap were still on.6. The shipping box says that it is to moved by two people, and it makes no accommodation to having to be handled by a lone person, such as the driver of a delivery truck or the person receiving it. The handholds common on similar large format boxes are not present, but since this is a Vine item, this may be the preliminary packaging and the production version may be better. Note: If you are small enough to fit in this chair, you are likely too small to be able to move this container by yourself.The packing of the components inside the box seemed adequate to protect them from the usual mishaps during shipping.In response of the obvious question about why write this much about a chair that is too small for me: My participation in the Vine program obligates me to write reviews of the products I receive.-- Douglas B. Moran Does not fit normal range of people: for short people only; Difficult adjustments & missing instructions
The Vtech base unit comes with a handset that has a port for a standard 2.5mm jack and comes with an attachable belt clip, both of which I have used on a daily basis with my old Uniden handsets. These new models do not have the 2.5mm jack and do not have Bluetooth so a headset cannot be used with them. There is also no belt clip which the Vtech folks must figure with no headset no need for a belt clip, if someone's hands are not free they can always walk around with the handset in their mouth.Vtech saved 5 cents by deleting these two capabilities and it was a dumb thing to do. At least with my cordless drills I can spend the money to special order a belt clip but in this case Vtech has not even provided the same case to permit attaching a belt clip which is an even dumber design decision as it means they have to have two different case molds to make two different case bottoms and have two different parts to schedule and inventory. Dumb all the way around. No provision for using a headset or belt clip
I wrote the same review for the black ink because it's the same horrid product.I wouldn't mind the huge mess it makes if it actually did what it said it was supposed to do. After about a half hour refilling all my ink cartridges my ink levels still read low but more importantly the printing is all jacked up, faded, lines through the stuff I'm printing and big black spots of ink where it looks like the ink cartridges went crazy. I'd avoid this at all costs and more importantly to avoid the headache just buy the refills because this product is a waste of time and money. Absolute Junk x3
This printer was designed for one purpose and one purpose only: to sell ridiculously overpriced ink. Wait till you see how tiny the ink reservoirs are, and how often the low-ink warning comes on for each of the five cartridges.  It's not as though Canon could not have squeezed a larger cartridge with a few more stinking milliters of ink into this 25-pound behemoth. Ink scam, pure and simple
Got an error on startup "6000" - had to call tech support because there's no troubleshooting guide included to decode the error number. Machine was detecting packing material that hadn't been removed (it HAD all been removed). Cannon would have replaced it but they're "currently out of stock in this model."Just returned an HP with a fake paper jam error. Does ANYONE make a printer that actually works? Out of the box error
Not only does this printer not print borderless photos as claimed, it won't even print a photo on a single page unless it is manually sized to fit within the same printable area required by any printer, which is about 1/8-1/4 inch from each side.I am using Canon's print driver, and the exact photo paper name listed by their driver.  I have borderless printing selected, photo printing mode selected, and my photo is 4x6 inches.  And yet when I print with the settings as per the instructions, it prints 1/4 of the image on each of 4 sheets of paper as if I want to try to cut them out and tape them together.  The only way to get it printed on a single sheet is to crop it to 3.5x5.5, or tell it to shrink to fit. Absolutely does NOT print "borderless" photos
PLEASE do yourself a favor and do not buy this printer.  I have had 4 for my home and my offices and this is NOT worth the effort to shlep it from the car to the desk.  Sucks is all I can say... Issue after Issue, Error after Error
I WAS TRULY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS ITEM.  BEING OF SHORT STATURE, I HARDLY EVER FIND A CHAIR WHERE I CAN SIT WITH MY FEET FLAT ON THE GROUND SO I THOUGHT THIS WOULD COMPLETELY CHANGE THAT PROBLEM.  WRONG!  IT'S ACTUALLY UNCOMFORTABLE TRYING TO UTILIZE THIS FOOT ROCKER.  MY BACK EVEN STARTED TO HURT AFTER JUST A SHORT TIME OF USE.  MAYBE IT WAS A MISCONCEPTION ON MY PART BUT THIS ITEM DID NOT MAKE SITTING AT MY COMPUTER ANY MORE COMFORTABLE....RATHER WORSE.  I'LL TRY IT A FEW MORE TIMES SINCE THE IDEA OF IT IS GREAT BUT I SUSPECT I'LL JUST END UP RECYCLING IT.  IT MIGHT BE JUST ME BUT I CERTAINLY CAN NOT RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE. DISAPPOINTING!
While it was easy for me to figure out how to put this together, I can't use it. Regarding putting it together, you just have to bang the sides in place or put your weight on it hard.The reason I don't like this foot rocker is the two sides prevent me from using it unless my feet are together parallel AT ALL TIMES. I have two other foot rockers that are purely flat on top, so you can manuever your feet around a lot.The edges make me have to keep my feet inside.  I can't stand to be so confined.  You don't want this one even if it's a lot cheaper than alternatives.  Get one without those terrible ridges on the sides and one that is wider.  It's not natural to sit with one's feet tightly together for a prolonged period. Major design flaw prevents comfort
First of all what should have been a simple build was a pain.  There is litterally 5 pieces to this thing and I still have not figured out how to put the leg covers on.  Due to this fact, the legs frequently come off.Secondly, I just honestly see nothing special about this thing.  It doesn't really offer anymore comfort and the thing is poorly made.  I hate it.Lastly, just dont buy it. There are plenty of better foot rests out there I'm sure. major disappointment
Ay Carumba!  I have -never- had any difficulty putting things together.  I've assembled many rooms of IKEA furniture, built a playroom with the husband, and installed the bathroom fixtures alone. I never, ever thought I'd be unable to assemble a little rocking thing with five pieces!  Geez, my kid's playhouse was easier to assemble, and everyone knows how fun it is to put together kids' toys!It's too bad, because I was very excited about this gizmo, because there is no one who has more excess energy than I do, and I'd have liked to burn it off in a way that would give me a little exercise.  Keep me off the treadmill for a few minutes a day or something.  But since the item is sitting here in pieces, and the only instructions are rough pictograph on the back of the box, I doubt I'm going to get any further. The pieces appear warped, and don't line up at all.So, unless you are amazing about putting things together without instructions that don't fit together, I'm going to have to advise you skip this one. Godzilla Would Have Trouble Putting This Together!
I was seduced by this product by two elements.  Firstly I have lower back from two auto accidents and am always look for a way to correct my posture from head all the way to my toes in order to ameliorate this issue.  Secondly I have a desk job so I felt this product would aid me to relieve pressure in my legs, keep my circulation going and aid in addressing element number one, my back.Well I have to say this is one of the biggest piece of garbage I have ever used.  This unit is only five pieces, five pieces, FIVE and it is next to impossible to assemble.  I put a treadmill together that was like seven hundred pieces and it was easier than this thing.  I was able to slide the wheels on the board, but wasn't able to snap roller rocks in place.  I did everything, I flipped the wheels, switched the wheels, put the roller rocks on first, put the roller rocks on last and this was after I read the short but "claimed" simple instructions.  I even had two other people take a crack at it, they had no luck either.So I figured whatever this product could be used without the locks.  I was half right on this former statement.  After about fifteen minutes of use the wheels become loose and fall off, lovely.  I did manage to use this product despite the handicap and really didn't find any improvement in my leg circulation or back pain.  Perhaps my unit was a lemon, I don't know but I would not recommend this product.  There are plenty other ergonomic products out there that have to be better than this drivel. How many ways can you say piece of crap?
This sharpener does not sharpen well. The point you will get is not what this product is supposedly designed to deliver with its "titanium blades" I have had better results with an old fashion sharpener!If you want to get a decent point in your pencils you have to apply way too much force. Unfortunately, this leads to the sharpener to stop, forcing you to take the pencil out and reinsert it again to resume sharpening. Not convenient at all.The design looks very nice but the performance is far from acceptable. Just Cheap
Looks nice but sadly it just doesn't sharpen very well.  While I knew it was electric when I got the item, it simply added one more plug in item I didn't need on my desk. Have a $10 battery operated sharpener that does a great job, so this new sharpener for shy $30 is not worth the price. Not worth the big price
I've always used hand sharpeners so wanted to try an electric one. You put the pencil in the hole in the top of the sharpener and then push down lightly while keeping the pencil from moving. I used this to sharpen 3 new pencils and a pencil that the tip was broken off of. This sharpener is supposed to automatically turn off when the tip is sharpened. I'm not sure how it decided that. All 3 of the new pencils stopped sharpening when the graphite wasn't even showing yet. I had to apply more pressure to get it to start again and had to do this about 3 more times to finally get the graphite exposed. None of them were sharpened evenly. There was more graphite showing on one side and little on another but I couldn't get it to sharpen anymore so had to use the hand sharpener. The pencil with the tip broken off sharpened with less attempts than the new ones but stopped short of having a pointed tip. I had to finish that one with the manual sharpener as well. Doesn't make any sense to have if you have to use the manual one to finish the job. There is a ring at the top of the device that you turn to open and shake out the shavings. There were a lot of shavings stuck to the blades that have to be removed with a cloth. It is hard to get all the shavings off due to the positioning of the blades in the device. All in all, the manual sharpener I have works much better and is much easier to clean. Doesn't work as it should
Absolute disappointment.  The unit itself is nice & sleek looking, but I inserted an unsharpened pencil, it took a fewrotations, then died, just mere minutes out of the box.  I keep trying it to use it every once in a while, and still, dead, almost 1 month later. Didn't even get to sharpen a pencil
I have finally achieved the exalted state of Yuppiedom with my sleek, streamlined iPoint (elegant) Electric pencil sharpener.When I first compared this space-aged capsule to my old pencil sharpener with a handle that tuned and that I attached to a wall, or the small multicolored plastic ones that could fit in the palm of my hand, I shivered with delight.And then I plugged it in and stuck a dull pencil in the hole.It felt tingly when I bore down as the pencil turned slowly in my hand.It was only after I examined the still dull pencil point that I realized I was supposed to hold the pencil firmly, and not let it turn.(Duh me. I'm new to such yuppie devices.)This time I held the pencil fast and let the ultra new iPoint Evolution blades rotate around the pencil, and waited for the sharpener to stop automatically when it had done its job.But it didn't.It did half a job.It did not remove the wood from one side of the pencil.I tried again.The same thing happened.I blamed the pencil for some inherent invisible defect.I tried with another.The same thing happened.I rooted around for my old 10 cent sharpener and finished the job.The old fashioned way.The way that wasn't yuppie, but the way that worked. Yuppie Pencil Sharpener
As a teacher, I am constantly in need of sharpened pencils so being able to review the Westcott iPoint Evolution Electric Pencil Sharpener was a dream come true.The sharpener is designed ergonomically and takes up very little room.  It is designed for the pencil to be sharpened from the top instead of the side and HAD the pencil sharpener had enough power to sharpen a pencil, things would have been different with this review.That said, it took FOREVER to sharpen a pencil.  Sharpening colored pencils was non existent almost and after ten pencils, both colored and regular, the sharpener overheated.  It then took more than an hour to work again.  So, to me, this sharpener is a waste of money.Natalie S. for Amazon Vine Not impressed
I was excited to try this sharpener out because I know the teachers at my children's school need good pencil sharpeners all the time.I decided to compare it to the old school, classic 1980s era sharpener that I found at a thrift store. The classic one I have never breaks, never jams, and always gives me good performance.The selling points according to the package are "Titanium bonded blades", "auto sensor shut-off", "striking vertical design", and "ez-view reservoir". I don't actually care for the auto sensor shut off and really don't care about a striking vertical design.I sharpened 8 pencils with each sharpener. The iPoint Evolution sharpener took an average of 5 seconds to sharpen each pencil. The old school classic sharpener took an average of 3 seconds.The one thing that really concerned me about the iPoint Evolution sharpener was that it sharpens pencils at a steeper angle than the old one, so sometimes the wood around the lead interferes with lead access. The old school classic has a more shallow angle, so the sharpened edge is almost a centimeter longer from beginning of sharpened area to the pencil point. This means that rarely do you have issues with wood interfering with the lead. I assume the shorter point is cheaper to manufacture.Bottom line:Don't buy this sharpener- look at a thrift store for a really good old one, with the fake wood sticker look on the outside. If you must buy a new sharpener, this one will be ok but not great. Frustrations will be involved.EDIT: After three weeks in a first grade classroom, this pencil sharpener no longer works. Inferior to Classic Sharpeners
Threw away on first use. The eraser doesn't work as well as others we have, after multiple passes the ink was still present. We finished up with our own eraser and sprayed the cleaner on the board. Immediately my younger child, who has asthma, began wheezing badly. We had to take her outside of the house because she could not remain inside without convulsive coughing. The smell of the cleaner also bothered my spouse. We bagged up the cleaner and soft cloth we'd been using and aired out the house. While the markers have a good color and the odor is tolerable, the cleaner was completely useless for us. If you have anyone with breathing issues in the home I would avoid this product. Triggers Asthma!!
POST-it Pop-up Note with dispenser is poorly engineered. Every time I went to pull one out, I'd get two or three and sometimes more. Not worth the aggravation. Totally Disappointed
I got this thinking the post-its would somehow be easy to get out of the dispenser, or that I could write on them while attached to the dispenser, then pull it free.  Nope.  They are connected and they come out the side, which is inconvenient enough, but they are really hard to separate.  I've put this aside and am no longer using it - too much hassle. Too hard to get post-its free of dispenser
The Post-it Pop-up Notes Dispenser, 3 x 3 Inch, sticky notes dispenser is a great idea.  Grand idea actually.  But there is one flaw.  Unless you stick it to a wall, drawer, desk, file cabinet, chalkboard, etc, the dispenser falls over and then it becomes not an easy to use office tool, but one that you have to keep fixing.  Also, the spot for ink pens is too short and they fall over and out of the spot very easily.  I was completely disapointed in this notes dispenser and I really wanted to like it.I also wasn't fond of the colors.  Ink written on royal blue and hot pink is hard to read t the best of times and so I would love for the notes that come with this dispenser to come in either yellow or white.Natalie S. for Amazon Vine Not as sturdy or as easy to use as they say
The only reason I am giving this a low rating is that Kodak was terrible when the ink leaked. I had bought this ink for quite a while and never had any problems before. The company said that I needed a new print head which should be bought every couple of years. After this incident I switched to a Brother and have had absolutely no complaints. The ink leaked and the company was awful to deal with
I replaced my empty cartridge with the Kodak 10XL Cartridge (Black). After printing out 80 sheets of paper one night, I already received the "low ink" warning. Mind you, these were 80 sheets of double space writing, no pictures- just papers for my college students. I was so disappointed! I had another one from the order, so I thought maybe that was just a bad cartridge. I gave the next cartridge a shot, and the same thing happened. HOW?? In the past 2.5 weeks, I am now on my 3rd cartridge...and on average, I print 100 (usually less) pages a week. I'm in the process of finding a much more efficient and cost-worthy ink cartridge. If anyone has suggestions, thank you!UPDATE:There's definitely something wrong with this product. As soon as I replaced the previous cartridge, the next one showed at half percentage. I thought it was an error in the monitor of the printer, so I went ahead and used it. It printed 21 pages. Literally. For kicks, I replaced it again with the last one I had. I just put it in tonight and tried to print. It printed as if the ink had run out a long time ago. It showed 0% black ink for a brand new, freshly installed ink cartridge. Returning as many as I still can (2) and steering away from this brand. It seems that others are having similar issues with this product. Very short life span
These are listed as Kodak ink, but the ones I received are after market, and are marked Kodak compatible.  I have not tried them yet, but due to the price I do intend to keep them,.  The 1 star is due to false advertising. Be ware
NOBODY GIVES ME THE INFORMATION---  DOES THIS ORDER OF NUMBER 10 KIDAK INK TANKS ALSO HAVE THE BLACK INK TANK--- ALL NUMBER 10 PACKAGES OF KODAK COLOR INK TANKS HAVE THE BLACK INK TANK ALWAYS---- SEEMS LIKE IV BEEN FOOLED--- I CAN READ---I CALLED A LEADING COMPANY IN ALL OFFICE SUPPLYS PRINTERS ALL NEEDS ALL---THEY TOLD ME THE ONTANK PACKAGE NUMBER  10 MEANS ALL TANKS  NOT ONLY NEW KODAKINK TANK  I HAVE THE KODAK-- NEW MODEL---TAKES # 10 INK TANK THAT I BUY--WHEN I CAN GET TO THE STORE OR IN PAST I ODERED THEM FROM AMAZON-.COM  I SAW THE PRICE ON THIS ORDER AND IR SEEMED LIKE IT WAS COMPLEATE---------# 10 SERIES  I E MAILED HALF DOZEN TIMES  WITH NO RELPY---THANKS  IM NOT ORDERING THIS AGAIN---FOOLED AGAINE.KLEINfhan345@rcn.com mis leadeing
These are listed as Kodak ink, but the ones I received are after market, and are marked Kodak compatible.  I have not tried them yet, but due to the price I do intend to keep them, but the 1 star is due to false advertising. Be warned
(I went thru 2 of these scanners before i gave up & returned them...)Like many people who purchased this scanner, I have several boxes of old family photos I want to scan - but I don't want to spend weeks doing so on a flat bed scanner, one at a time. The scanner seemed ideal and the reviews were good. You don't have to connect the scanner to a computer (unless you want to). You can put an SD card into the scanner and just plug it in & start feeding photos into the scanner. Awesome! It scans pretty fast - about 20 seconds to scan & save the photo. You can scan at 600dpi and it just auto saves to the sd card. Once you have a lot of photos scanned, you load the sd card onto your computer and do what you will with the scans. The perfect scanner for my needs.Except for the large white lines, through all the photos.Nearly every single photo I scanned had one or more (usually more) long white vertical lines running thru the resulting scans. I tried cleaning the scanner with the little brush, I ran the calibration strip thru the scanner, I dusted off each photo before scanning, I tried using the little plastic insert to hold my photos. I called pandigitial support - they said it was dust being trapped on the scan head. I told them I was dusting my photos off and most of them were very clean & had no visible dust. They offered no solution.No dice, still half or more photos had white lines, basically ruining the scans. I researched and found this is a very very common problem with this scanner. I am surprised more people haven't run into this problem - or maybe they are more forgiving? I was tempted to just "let it slide" I mean after all, this scanner is a HUGE time saver. But if the resulting scans are marred with long lines that show up when printing or viewing - what's the point? If you are going to spend $$ on this scanner, which isn't cheap, and take the time to organize and scan your family photos - why not do it right?After the first scanner had the white lines, I returned it to Amazon and bought a second, same make & model. Same white lines. Either I got 2 bad scanners in a row or this is just a problem with this scanner. I have since ordered a Canon flatbed scanner from Amazon that is supposed to have some fairly automatic scanning software. I know it won't be anywhere as fast as the pandigital, but I am hoping I won't be sacrificing quality for speed. A flawed product... only buy if you have low expectations, white lines thru all scans.
Failed a few months after purchase.  Mailed it in for repair under warranty as instructed over a month ago, no indication of when I can expect it back or if it will be repaired and returned.  I had to pay for shipping. Buyer Beware
I bought this set two months ago specifically because it had a headset jack on the handset.Until yesterday I would have given it 5 stars.Yesterday, the phone rang and rang and rang. I have the phone set to 2 rings so my announce plays quickly and then I listen to see who's calling me.Yesterday, the phone kept ringing without playing the announcement or connecting with the caller. It rang about 10 times I suppose and then shut off.This morning I checked my settings and it was still set at 2 rings. I called from my cell phone, same thing, kept ringing till it shut off. I disconnected the power per the manual, reconnected, same thing.I called Panasonic tech support and, after being on hold listening to music for 15 minutes, gave up and took the phone back to Sam's Club where I got a full refund.That's it for Panasonic as far as I'm concerned. Malfunction in 2 months
Absolutely terrible sound quality.  People say that I sound OK, but every call that I have made over the course of two days has been very unsatisfactory. Took me three calls to Panasonic and lengthy waits before I was able to get to a technician. I will not be buying another Panasonic phone. Returning this one immediately.
I bought this phone to  be compatible with my other panasonic phone, itt registered numbers but it would not hold a charge so it is of no use to me didn't like it
When I bought this phone I needed it for work and home use, I didn't have it 3 months and the recorder quit working,leaving me without a message phone terrible
I have been a customer of HP for many years. Purchased several models of HP printers for my businesses and home. Always been very satisfied with the quality and value of their products until this purchase of HP Officejet 4500 All-in-One. Problems with printing, scanning and copying. Very erratic response to "Print" command, stops after one or two pages and often in mid-page. Scanning is even worse, scans halfway and often simply goes blank. Copying is very haphazard, sometimes it responds to "Copy" command but often simply whirrs and rumbles then nothing!!! Technical support is a joke ! It is indubitably and undoubtedly the very worst printer that I have ever purchased. This is not the expected HP quality, it is junk and that is exactly what I did with it...dumped it in the junk! Don't waste your money
My late husband ordered this and could not get it to work after set up--even after calling the HP tech line.  He returned it and ordered the Cannon, which I did not like, so I gave it away after he died. Did not meet my needs
I bought this all in one HP Officejet for my son and his wife for Christmas and from day one it had issues.  The printer finally bit the dust yesterday and I have to return it to Amazon.  Very unfortunate as  now I have to order another three in one but it won't be an HP printer.I have two printers of my own and I have not had issues with them but I won't chance another HP printer if there are going to be issues like this with a brand new printer.  Numerous phone calls to HP help desk did not help as they finally said they didn't know what was wrong with the printer.  Loss of connectivity, drives being uninstalled, paper jams, etc. is just a few of the problems with this printer. Very poor device!
I have owned several printers. This is the worst technology experience that I have ever had with a printer. There are so many problems that I encounter EVERY TIME I attempt to use this printer that I wouldn't know where to begin. I have spent (wasted) so much of my time trying to resolve the issues on the company website that I don't think I will ever purchase a HP printer again... EVER.So here are the highlight: 1) The printer doesn't know when it has paper (to print on) in the tray. 2) The wireless printing is unreliable. 3) the cheap plastic try broke within the first three days. RUN AWAY!
DOESN'T FIT THE MP-830:Well, I don't like to give negative reviews, but I would actually give this 0 stars if I could because the ink cartridges do not fit the MP-830 as advertised in the product title and listing (at the time of this review). For the most part, I have ordered compatible inks through Amazon that fit properly, but this one just doesn't fit.RESTOCKING FEES:Also, I was charged restocking fees. Since the product information is incorrect, it seems unreasonable to charge the customer restocking fees for the seller's error.WILL THIS WORK WITH YOUR PRINTER:From my experience, I found that using the Amazon test "Will this work with you printer" is a better indication of compatibility instead of the listing details. I trusted the listing details, but in fact, this ink cartridge does not pass the test.Here is the link for one set of compatible inks that work perfectly with the Canon Pixma MP-830:Canon PGI-5BK CLI-8 15-Pack 3/3/3/3/3 Compatible Ink Cartridges w/ Chip for Pixma MP500 MP530 MP600 MP800 iP4200 iP4300 iP4500 iP5200 iP5200PROS:- NoneCONS:- Doesn't fit the MP-830 / MP830 as advertised- Paid restocking fees even if the product doesn't fitTIP:- Take the test "Will this work with you printer" located in the top portion of the Amazon product page Not compatible with the MP-830 / MP830. Best to take the test "Will this work with you printer"
Too lightweight. Not useful in an office.If you get one, you need to get a second, so you have a pair.As soon as my four-year-old saw the shoe, she said it was a ruby slipper. For kids, maybe
Pros:1. Sticks to the desk (sort of). Maybe family members and colleagues would be less likely to walk off with it.2. Only a small piece comes out at a time. Maybe this would stop kids from using up half a roll.Cons:1. It slides around the desk. People could still take it if they want.2. The package actually says the rubber grip might "leave a temporary mark on some high gloss wood finishes." Who needs that??3. It's flat. The chance of me covering this with paper on my cluttered, thus "losing" it, is about 100 percent.4. It's about the size of an english muffin. I don't have tons of clear desk space (see above!), so it's just not helpful to me.5. I had a hard time refilling it. Someone with arthritis or other dexterity issues will struggle. Depending on how much you use, 75 pieces probably won't last very long.Bottom line: I am going to stick with the "old fashioned" tape dispensers. The standard black office dispenser is easier to find on my desk, and the smaller ones are easier to stick in a drawer (and hide from family members and coworkers). What can it do for me? Nothing:  There's really no gap that this product can fill. A Gimmicky Gadget You Don't Gotta Get
I suppose the idea is that you have this gizmo stuck down on your desk, and when you want a short strip of sticky tape you just pull one out. I loaded the smallish stack of tapes into the device with the fist one sticking up. I pulled it off -- fine. But the next tape did not appear in the slot, and I found it very difficult to dismantle the device to correct the problem. So difficult in fact that I gave up.I have no problem getting strips of Scotch tape from the old, standard dispenser and will happily go back to the good old way. A Badly Designed Solution to No Problem
I've followed all the directions and you've got a 50-50 chance your stuff will stay put. And I'm not talking about heavy things either. I'm talking about light-weight paper and even using up to 4 stickers per 6x6 inch piece. Ridiculous waste of a product. And it says you can use them over and over - welllllllllll, I guess so but where are you going to store them after you take them off if you don't use them again immediately, assuming they are even worth saving because they actually kept an item stuck in place more than 5 minutes? All you're given is one plastic sheet that will of course allow you to stick the one side for storage, but how are you going to cover the other sticky side - unless you save every single itsy bitsy tiny flimsy cover square you peel off when you first use it.Poooooooor design. 50 - 50 chance it will stick and stay stuck
As an Amazon Vine reviewer, I received a sample package of these reusable mounting tabs.  I'm not sure that all of the other Vine reviewers actually tested these tabs on multiple surfaces from reading the glowing reviews.The concept behind these tabs is great - a non-residue, reusable replacement for taping things to walls and other surfaces.  Being completely transparent, usage on glass works well. Removal from any other very stable surfaces is fine.Removal from painted drywall is a disaster.  One tab came clean.  Another peeled a perfect square of paint from the drywall, right down to the original drywall paper backing.  I'd rather use citrasolve to remove tape residue than to have to repaint a wall that I have no matching touchup paint for.  Not happy.The material I had put on the wall was a heavily coated paper and the tab peeled off of that fine.  Any less stable paper surface will leave residue as well.These will find a lot of uses - but use with painted walls and  wood, two of the advertised surfaces on the package, are not advised: success there will depend on the paint and substrate  to avoid removing paint and the type of wood to avoid removing wood fibers. Peels the paint off the wall - fine for glass, metal, etc
I needed to hang a poster on an existing framed picture.  I thought this would be the perfect solution, I could hang the new poster on the existing glass and then in a few days when the event was over, I'd be able to remove it no problem.  Well, there was a big problem.  It ripped the poster and left goop on the glass.  oh well, didn't work as advertised. I used it to stick paper to glass, it left a mess.
Scotch came up with a great idea when they invented these Reuseable tabs, but the idea that looked great on the drawing board has failed in it's actual application and use by the customer. I used these clear square sticky tabs that look like a square of very thick scotch tape on a variety of wall surfaces with a variety of paper types from heavy cardboard to thin drawing paper. I left each paper stick to many different surfaces for a full week and the results were all the same in the end-they simply don't work.The tabs stick well to plastic and metal refrigerators- very smooth surfaces, for a couple days. For painted walls, basement cement block and wood, they do not stick at all. After a week of using different papers on a variety of very smooth surfaces, thin drawing paper could not be removed from the tabs without tearing it off. Heavy photo paper did remove, but took off the top thin paper layer on the back. The same for light to heavy weight cardboard- the top layer won't come off, and just stays stuck and tears! Posters could be removed very, very carefully if they were heavy enough- thinner posters or old ones simply tore. I'm glad I didn't test these on anything valuable!Basically, the longer the papers had the tabs on the back, the harder it was to remove without total destruction of the paper! I followed the directions to a tee when removing the paper from the tabs- slowly, by the tab corners, being as careful as I could. After 1 week, the few things that were still hanging, simply tore because the paper would not peel off the tab, kind of like removing scotch tape from thin paper after years! This great idea needs to go back to the drawing board as it's basically good for the smoothest surfaces and the thickest paper for maybe a day or two before the adhesive becomes a permanent part of the paper! Until Scotch gets the MANY bugs out of these new tabs, I'll stick to my magnets and keep my treasured paper items and posters free from adhesive damage! Scotch Reuseable Tabs Do Not Pass The Test Of Time!
These are thin flexible but not spungy plastic squares sticky on both sides. The instructions on the back of the package state that they are intended to hold art or other lightweight items, 0.25 lb/square, total not more than 1 lb.I, being a naive and trusted user, affixed 2 squares on a high quality photo with thin foam backing. The entire item weighed about 3 ounces. When I affixed it on a wall, it looked quite pleasant. The next morning I found the picture on the floor with the corners of the foam damaged from the fall to the tile floor. Hence, I am not sure how one can entrust this method of hanging more than a small thin sheet of USELESS paper on a FLAT CLEAN TILE wall. Unreliable and mostly useless
The refillable Scotch Adhesive Dot Roller promised to take the place of at least a half a dozen dried out and ineffective glue sticks I had in my drawer.  I wanted to use it to put stamps on envelopes and reattach photos onto old family album pages.I have a graduate degree (not engineering) and still haven't figured out how to get the darn thing to work.  The directions didn't help. Goodbye Glue Sticks- Hello Dots - if you can get it to work
I looked forward to using this product to help my very young daughters hang their artwork on their walls.  Unfortunately, it simply does not hold up.  Even a 24" x 18" piece of light paper fell down within 12 hours after placing a generous square of the reusable strips in each corner.  It will stick to the wall just fine (and does come off a painted wall without leaving a mark as advertised).  However, if it cannot hold up paper, it does not meet its purpose, so I cannot give it more than one star.I would suggestDAP 01201 BLUESTIK Reusable Adhesive Puttyas being more successful at accomplishing the same goal. Does not work as advertised
I can't believe that a company like Scotch would sell something of this poor a quality.  My trial for this item was this: I cut a piece of the scotch mounting strip and put it on the side of my printer and mounted a small post-it page keeper on top of the strip.  Once during the day the post it fell off and I decided that I hadn't pushed hard enough when I put it on the mounting strip. I put it back on with more force.  The next morning when I got up the post it was laying on my desk again.  Reading on the back of the reusable strip package I found out I could wash the strip and it would be completely renewed.  Wrong.  Now it's completely useless and its just a piece of pliable plastic.  I threw these things away. Disappointing
These are just terrible.  I used them on my daughter's not-very-textured walls (eggshell finish paint) and then won't even hold up a simple poster even when used at well more than double the recommended strip to weight ratio.  I am pretty disappointed because this seemed like such an it's-about-time project.  Too good to be true, I guess. Don't work
We live in an area that easily reaches 125 degrees in the summer.  And sometimes it's also very humid.  It seems odd for this desert area, but it's a fact.  I used these strips -- six per poster -- to hang theatrical movie art in a media room, but the posters kept falling off the wall, sometimes with the sticky strip still on the poster.  Other times, it remained on the wall.  Not sure if it's the temp or just a weak product.  The idea is a good one, bit they need to make a super sticky version. NOT STICKY ENOUGH
This stuff peels the paint right off the wall and took some drywall with it.My walls are pretty new 2004, painted with good quality paint about 6 months ago.Stuck this on (it's very sticky) and when I tested it by pulling it off, it pulled off a huge piece of paint with it!Now I need to go get some old paint and repaint that section of wall.I'd say this stuff is okay on  metal or plastic or at work where you don't care about the walls. But do NOT use this on painted walls at home.I'm also uploading a picture of the damaged wall so take a look at it. Peels the paint right off the wall!
I bought this AT&T; phone answerer based on a review in Consumer Reports magazine and my past experience with a similar but DIFFERENT AT&T; phone/answerer that I purchased three years ago. WHAT A DIFFERENCE!1: No HOLD Button. I keep the base phone/answerer on my bedroom table. If I want to then go to my kitchen to take the call, (which is where I keep the addictional included wireless handset) I have to go to the kitchen, answer it there and then either COME ALL THE WAY BACK to my bedroom to hang up the handset, OR hope that I remember to hang it up when I finish my call. My older AT&T; unit had a HOLD button.2: No BELT CLIP! I live in a two story house with a basement and a garage. I always hang the cordless phone to my belt. This thing has NO CLIP ! ! !3: TURNING RINGER OFF: With my older AT&T; I just pressed a MECHANICAL button on the right side of the handset to raise, lower or TURN OFF the ringer. Not with this one. You must go through the MENU and press SEVEN selections to turn it off. ( I counted them, SEVEN)4: ANSWERING MACHINE VOLUME: I ALWAYS turn my phone ringer and ANSWERING MACHINE VOLUME off before I go to bed. The old unit? EASY! J ONE button to lower or turn the volume OFF while still having the machine ON. Not now. You can raise or LOWER the answering machine, but you can NOT turn it OFF and still let the unit answer your calls. It wakes me up AND I do NOT want people to hear my messages coming in when I have company.5: CORDED HANDSET on he base: They did NOT take the cord into consideration when designing this phone. When you hang up the handset, the stem of the phone cord touches the table. If you have ANYTHING around the phone that interferes with the handset, it will NOT hang up properly and your phone will be "off the hook". If you are an anal retentive Felix Unger neat freak, you're good to go, but if you have ANYTHING on your desk or night table that might get near this thing, it WILL interfere with it hanging up. It is sloped downward and the wire hits the table it is sitting on.SUMMARY: This is a CHEAPENED version of AT&Ts; previous model and it is very noticable that what they did was to take the old one, figure out how they can make it MUCH cheaper (in quality, not price) and send it to market. It's junk, and it's going backIf none of the above LACK of features bother you, then the phone does allow you to call or answer calls. BIG DEAL! FOUR KEY PROBLEMS compared to thier old model
There is really nothing positive that I can say about this product.  The fact that it did not come with batteries was not a problem but I felt that for $60, the ear phone should have been included.  After loading it up, it had to be reset in order to wake up the screen which according to the directions demands the most delicate maneuvering with a paperclip so as to not permanently destroy the dictionary.  As other reviewers have stated, the graphics are primitive, the robo voice grating, screen too small, choice of rhyming words inappropriate, various features confusing and of limited value etc. etc.  Advertised as suitable for children in grades 1-5, this product would have no appeal for most kids in that age range today.  The reality is, technology is amazing and useful and its applications growing at warp speed. Children and adults also need to be able to learn to work interdependently, developing solid relationships with human beings.  To place yet another cheap-o gizmo like this into their hands does little to cultivate imagination, creativity, genuine learning or interpersonal skills. A poor use of financial and human resources
11-26-2012 Update: Lexmark Pinnacle Pro901 All-in-One Printer is NOT compatible with Windows 8. Only some function accessible using hardwired USB connection. There are no drivers for this machine and Windows 8 insists that it is INCOMPATIBLE. This machine has NEVER been a suitable printer and I hate to trash it, but I will soon when I finish using all my ink supply.  GAD...don't even think of not using LEXMARK ink. It hardly works with LEXMARK ink, let alone try any other brand.  I would give it a MINUS 5 STARS, if there was such.Interestingly my Lexmark Optra E312L laser printer is still working like a champ; even with Windows 8 using USB. No problems for 13 years now, but then I don't use it heavily.6-1-2012. I purchased the Lexmark Pro901 because I've had good success with a prior Lexmark printer. I have a Lexmark Optra E312L laser printer that's 12 years old and still works great with never a failure.  The Pro901, however, has been troublesome for the six months I have had it.  The machine and printhead have both been replaced by Lexmark, although I believe only the printhead was failing, but they could not diagnose that.  Installation of the software has been a total nuisance and I have had to do it 15 times over the six months, as some features just quit working and reinstall is the only way to get them back operational.  I still can't get downloads from Lexmark site and multiple calls to the Technical support have not helped.  I'll keep tring to resolve the matter, as I've got 30 years of computer experience and can usually figure it out. When the machine works right, the results are great, but the "when" is problematic.  I've spent many hours "fixing" this machine so it works.  The replacement is still only partially operational.  The Lexmark Tech support has been very willing to help but since they seem to be in the Phillipines, communications are very limited, even with their "remote" login to try and diagnose the machine. Also, the ink cartridges seem to fail frequently.  I have yet to finish a set of ink cartridges without them failing. This is getting expensive.  Sorry, Lexmark, but your new technology "sucks".  Great concept - poor performance. I take it all back - DO NOT BUY this Unit!!!!!"
There were two labels attached to the rear portion of the organizer. After removing the labels there was a sticky residue left behind. I am unable to remove the stickiness and its resultant discoloration regardless of what type of Goo Gone or other removers I use. Not really a problem because it is on the back of the organizer. However, there apparently was a sticker at one time on the front as well because there is a same sized sticky square on the lower right hand corner. This is a distraction to the appearance of the organizer because of the stickiness and because the square is a different color than the rest of the front. In addition to the unsightly sticky square there are bubbles on the front of the organizer. This is the result of poor workmanship in attaching the outer layer to the frame. Without the stated flaws this would be a fairly nice organizer considering its relatively low price. I received this from the Vine program so I don't consider it returnable. Although it is too unsightly to use on my desktop I believe I can find a use for it in my workshop. Damaged Goods
I ordered this folio file because I thought that it would fit all my files, but sadly it does not! On top of all that, the quality is horrible! It is so paperthin that it ripped just inserting the tabs! What is that about? Very unhappy. I wish I had not gotten this. Not happy!
These are beautiful-looking phones that promise to connect your cell phones to handsets seamlessly with no cables, even replacing your land line if desired. Unfortunately, after trying these for a week, they only deliver on appearance and I've switched back to the previous cordless handsets we have.Specifically, the Bluetooth connection drops constantly and there's no phone-book synchronization. Plus, if you're using your cell as the platform, you have all the inconvenience of a weak Verizon connection without the contacts on your cell phone. After a while, it's just more obvious to use your cell phone and ditch these altogether.I really wanted to like these units with their sleek appearance and the obvious benefits of extending a cellular connection across a house. Maybe they'll get it right in version 2. Solid idea executed incredibly poorly
Another in a long line of "how do we appeal to the digital world" products from 3M!Purportedly "laptop note dispensers", these Post-Its are simply 20-sheet dispensers made out of cardboard that adhere to anything (including your laptop). The cardboard sleeves themselves have somewhat garish graphic patterns in bright colors on them -- I doubt you'll be wanting to spoil the appearance of your brand new sleek and stylish MacBook Pro or Sony Vaio laptop with these anytime soon.The real kicker is what a poor value these dispensers are. Original Post-It notes cost about six dollars per 1,200 sheets. These "laptop Post-Its" can be purchased for about three dollars for 60 sheets. Therefore, the "Laptop Note Dispensers" are a whopping 10 times more expensive per sheet than conventional Post-It notes.Your needs may differ to mine, but I honestly never found it a problem throwing the 3-inch square original pads in my laptop case along with my laptop and just having them to hand when I needed them. And for much note-taking on a laptop, I use on-screen Stickies on my MacBook faster than I can dispense a Post-It and write on it. Do the math!
I was excited about these post-it notes since I use them frequently, but they get icky since they don't have a dispenser.  Unfortunately this dispenser is extremely flimsy and is just a waste of paper.  It will be destroyed in a few days, you are better off just using regular Post-Its and saving yourself the frustration. Falls apart in a few days
I've used and enjoyed Post-Its for years, but this new product seems completely worthless.  The package contains three "dispensers" which are merely folded-up paper sleeves into which you insert an accordion-fold stack of Post-Its.  You then affix the dispenser to your laptop or any other surface and voil&agrave;!  Note paper at your fingertips!Pros:It has Post-Its.Cons:The dispensers are thin and flimsy.There are only 20 Post-Its in a stack.The adhesive may leave marks.When you pull a Post-It, it can wrinkle easily.The dispensers are gray and yucky chartreuse and hot pink. You don't need the dispenser to use the notes.You have to unstick the dispenser from laptop to refill it.I don't see the value of this product and I am amazed that it was created.  Do you really have to stick note papers to your laptop? If so, it would be easier to stick a regular stack of Post-Its or just carry a stack of them in your case or pocket.  Twenty sheets to a pack is too few; you're always refilling the dispenser.  This seems like a needless and overpriced product. Building a worse mousetrap
i like sticky notes, but this is just a ploy to try to get you to buy "something new." these are just regular ol' sticky notes packaged in very (and i mean VERY) thin stacks inside of a piece of paper with a tape strip to stick onto your laptop. seriously? why should i buy this instead of the much thicker stack that i can use instead? i see no good reason to buy this. marketing ploy
This has to be the most ill-conceived product from Post-It yet. These are flimsy post-it note dispensers that you're supposed to stick to the back of your laptop screen. Great! Just what I always wanted - to put something ugly and sticky on my laptop. I didn't actually stick it to my laptop, but when I tried it on other surfaces, it definitely doesn't come off cleanly enough to gum up your computer, unless you're one of those people who puts stickers on their laptops anyway. In that case, I suppose it doesn't matter.Furthermore, when was the last time you were sitting at your laptop thinking, "wow - I really wish there was some way I could make myself a note . . . I guess there's nothing to be done!" Of course not. You'd write yourself a note on your laptop itself! I have no idea why anyone would want a sticky note dispenser glued to their laptop.Finally, the dispensers are very small and it appears that they require small stacks of sticky notes. Perhaps you can use regular post-its from a big stack, but it's difficult to determine. This whole thing just seems silly and useless, except for one instance: if you affix one of these to the inside of a textbook, it might be handy in school. Maybe you could use it in a binder or notebook, but then again, you could just take notes in your notebook!If anyone has found a good use for these, please comment on my review and I'll consider toning down my negative impression of the Post-It Laptop dispenser. In the meantime, I'll be scratching my head over this one. What were they thinking?
Some clever brain came up with this idea and I weep to think of the wasted time and effort involved, not to mention the waste of said originating brain who has good concepts that ought to be applied to real problems in the world.This did not work for me.  Yes, I can be technologically challenged, so it took me about 20 minutes to figure out how to insert the darn thing properly. The plastic casing is slippery and when you pull out a single Post-it sheet the whole thing moves up and almost out. And then there are the warnings which say watch out for damage to surfacesyou stick it on and be careful because colors may bleed and it might lift ink.Folks, do we really need millions of these nonbiodegradable, truly unnecessary squares of frivolous impulse buying dreck to dump into our already over-crowded landfills? In these days of increasing ecological awareness, what was 3M thinking? Maybe they could be sealed together and used to plug the oil leak in the Gulf? No one who cares about our planet would ever buy one. Pleeeezzzzeeee!
terrible in terms of quantity to price value. would never buy again. in fact, i got rid of the entire printer. this thing is so expensive, that after a cost analysis, i was better off investing in more expensive upfront laser printer. expensive and short lasting
I ordered this to use as a in/out board at work.  I change the board frequently, so I wanted something small, bright, and easy to clean.  This board and markers fell flat.  Here's what I found lacking:- Neon Markers: The ink from the markers themselves is really transparent.  I tried using different combinations of all three colors on the black board, and nothing looked very vibrant or neon.  Since the ink didn't show up very brightly on black, I was skeptical about the claims that this could be used on a white erase board as well.  Sure enough the color contrast on the white board was even worse than the black erase board.- Cleaning the Board:  A regular dry-erase board eraser was not enough to clear the ink from the board and I wound up having to use a dry-erase spray cleaner and some serious elbow grease just to get off some simple fresh notes.I would not recommend this product at all. Extremely Disappointed!
For years I have used the Expo brand of white board markers and love them.I decided to try these because it was listed as Bold. Well bold it was not.The colors paled in comparison to the expo colors although it did write well.The product was also listed as low oder. I found a funky smell emitted as I wrote.Which I didn't experience with the Expo brand.The best part of the kit was the spray and eraser, but even that was lack luster.The spray erase kit smudges the erased writing and you spend so much time getting theboard white again. I would have liked the eraser to have been magnetized so that itwould stick to the white board.The product works, it just doesn't work well enough to deliver on it's packagingpromises. And that funky smell, makes the pens a toss out! A shocking disappointment
The highly touted ePrint feature has not yet been implemented.- Print photos, documents and more from anywhere, anytime using email - NOT TRUE AT THIS TIME !HP is being very deceptive. Avoid this printer and HP. Avoid Like the Plague
I got this printer at a decent price. it's definitely not worth what this seller is asking for it. I give this printer a full star because the scanner works nicely. However, it gets no stars for printing. It gets a paper jam every 2 - 3 pages. Really annoying. You have to stop what you're doing, go open up the printer, pull out the offending piece of paper, and then hit the okay button. It starts to print & then 2 pages later you're back in there doing the same exact thing. Completely frustrating. I've put up with it for a year, but will be buying myself a new printer this coming month because I can't take it anymore. Terrible printer!
I had this printer for a little over a year and every time I print something, I always have to set it up over again. It worked fine for the first few months, then after, it kept disappearing from the network which meant I had to retype the network key on their little screen every single time I needed to print something. Might I also say, it's annoying and time consuming because you have to type it in with little arrow keys that select each and every character.It comes with no USB wire so you can't even print wired. I like the fact that the setup was simple, but what's the point of a simple set up if you have to do it over and over again. I called HP customer service and a tech person was trying to help us set up the printer for literally 5 hours and came with no solution. In fact, he complained the whole time and said it would've been easier if we had the USB wire. Well, it didn't come with the printer so why are we going to pay extra for something like that? A wireless printer should print and work WIRELESSLY.I gave up on setting up this printer and as time went on, it was recognized, but then if you print, it would say the printer isn't responding or has an error. I swear, it's so hard to find a budget-friendly 5-star printer. Gave up on this printer
FINAL EDIT (11/14/2011):  This should be my final word on this printer.  A couple of weeks ago the printer jammed.  I cleared the paper path and there is no more jam, but the jam detector was damaged by the jam, so now the printer believes it is jammed even though it isn't.  The printer is out of warranty and it will cost more to repair it than to buy a new printer (but not another one of these!!!!).Since I can't clear the jam error, I also can't use it as a scanner or fax.  That's a big problem with these all-in-one devices.Sorry for such a disjointed review.  As you can see from reading the review and the comments, my experience has been mixed.  But the final conclusion is failure.  eWaste.=====================================================EDIT (December, 2010):  I just discovered that this printer won't print on 3-hole paper.  How ridiculous is that?!?!?!With that in mind, I have dropped my rating from four-stars to one-star and changed the title of the review.  Buyer beware!!!!The flaw is that the paper jam detector is on the left-hand side of the paper path. As the 3-hole paper passes through, it detects a jam when it gets to the hole.  The only way to get around this is to manually rotate your print job in your software (PDF?) and turn the paper around so that the holes are on the right side of the paper path.This is a very poor design:  someone at Epson should be in deep trouble for this!!!Out of fairness though, I'm leaving my original review below so that my initial impression of this product can still be seen.=====================================================OLD REVIEW"Just bought a second one" (4 Stars)I've waited two months before reviewing this item, because I wanted to use it long enough to have some real experience with it.  After two months, this multi-function printer has been dependable enough that I just bought another one as a birthday present for my daughter.  It's not PERFECT, but it meets enough of my criteria to make me happy.  My #1 criteria is that I didn't want to give my daughter a printer that would bankrupt her for consumables.____________________About the ink:I hate inkjet printers because: the ink is too expensive, the printers don't hold enough ink to last very long, I always run out at the most inopportune moments, and I have to replace the whole color cartridge when only one color ran out.None of those dislikes are true for this printer.  Cool!* Capacity:  There is room for five ink cartridges on this printer (two black and one of each colors).  That's sweet--especially since most of my printing is B&W.;* Cost: Replacing colors as-needed is much cheaper than replacing the whole color cartridge.  The pricing of the ink for this printer is still pretty high, but it's not as insane as other inkjets I've owned.* Monitoring: No surprises with the ink capacity, because the print monitor software tells you what your ink levels are.  I'm not crazy about having this app running all the time, but I hate running out of ink even more than I hate having an app running on my system.____________________What I like:* Print Quality:  I don't usually pay too much attention to quality, because it's something I expect.  Just like I expect the gas at my local gas station to be good.  So it's that much more surprising that the print quality of this printer DAZZLED me.  I have an expensive color laser at work, but the color calibration is always off.  I never realized how horrible my office documents were until I brought home some work and printed it on this printer.  W-O-W!!!  None of my other inkjet printers have dazzled me like this before.  And this is just the default color quality (not the high quality setting).* Ink: I like this unit's ink functionality enough to write about it in its own section.* Footprint: It's not as huge as other multi-function printers I've owned.  However, it's too tall to fit in the cabinet where my old HP fit.* Speed: Black & white copies print so fast it's actually frightening (USB connection).  It's a loud & violent process, but it's daaaang fast!!!  Color slows the process down, but it's still very reasonable.  WiFi slows the first page down, but the rest of the pages print normally.* WiFi: The wireless setup was very simple.  I only had to run this setup one time to configure the printer.  After that, the setup on the rest of my home PCs was very quick.  The printer plays very nicely with the rest of my home network.  HOWEVER (big drawback), the first page on a wireless print job takes FOR-STINKING-EVER!!! (about 2-3 minutes)* Scanning:  This is about the umpteenth scanner I've owned and every one of them has bugged me in one way or another.  I'm not a grouch, but I want things to work.  This is the first scanner EVER that hasn't made me mad.  I love two things about the scanning functionality in this device: First, it was designed with network scanning in mind. So there are no quirky work-arounds to get it to scan from a remote machine.  Second, there is a good selection of "profiles" where you can pick from basic to professional feature sets.  That means my kids can scan without being overwhelmed by the huge set of options.* Fax:  I rarely fax, but this fax works fine.  I don't have a dedicated fax line, so I have to tell the kids not to answer the phone if a fax is coming in.____________________What I don't like:* The lag for WiFi printing is really really bad.  This would have been a five-star review if it weren't for that.  I promise I'll update this review if I ever solve this problem.  It's a very serious hurdle though.  You know when you need to print something real fast before you leave home (a map, directions, movie tickets, plane tickets, medical insurance card, etc.)?  I usually put that little chore off until the last possible minute and my wife is usually impatiently waiting in the car for me to get my act together.  If this were my only printer, she would divorce me.  Luckily I have another printer on my network and I print all the time-sensitive stuff to that one.* I'm not crazy about the paper path.  Although I like that the page comes straight from the back, through the printer, and lands in the tray in front (no curled pages), it means that a multi-page document is reverse-ordered.  I can change that in my print options before I print, but the odds of me remembering this are pretty slim.  So I have to hand sort the whole dang thing to get it right.* The paper handling mechanism is LOUD and VIOLENT.  I halfway expect to find my kids and pets collated in my documents when I go to the other room to pick them up.  Luckily the noise scares the cat and she runs away to safety.* I'm not the greenest guy in the world, but I'm a tightwad.  So duplex (two-sided) printing is REALLY important to me.  Although manual duplex printing is theoretically possible with this printer, it's more of a hassle than it's worth.So you can see that I have some gripes about this device, but it is still a very dependable machine.  I didn't realize how much I liked it until I bought one for my daughter without hesitating. eWaste
These are too small to even bee noticed. They might be nice for kids to play with but not for important messages you want your family to see. Way too small
Bought 3 rolls.  First use was to attach a small piece of paper with speed dial numbers to the back of my three telephones.  The tape, for this purpose, is useless.  I then tried what was left of the US Postal Service tape (looks the same), and it held perfectly.  The Scotch product is clearly inferior.  Rather than try on a package, I will return for a refund. Does not stick!!!
If you don't do enough shipping to buy a tape gun, and use bulk rolls of tape, you've probably bought some shipping tape in a dispenser similar to this. And you've also certainly have found out how easily the tape falls off the cutter, and back onto itself, and the pain involved in trying to re-start it. Very frustrating, to say the least.Well, this tape solves the problem in two ways. First, it's a lot thicker than budget brands of shipping tape, and even thicker than regular Scotch-brand shipping tape, so the end doesn't disappear. Second, and this is the important one, the adhesive doesn't stick as well as typical shipping tape.This might not be a problem if we were talking about a 3" or 4" wide shipping tape, but this tape isn't even 2" wide. I'm sorry, but 1.88" is not wide enough to seal a cardboard box seam that's longer than about 6", and that's the problem. With other tape, you can use two or three passes of 1.88" tape. Do that with this tape, and you run the risk of it pealing off itself in transit.And while the adhesive seems to stick well enough to cardbord during my usage, I have my doubts that it will hold up as well in a high-humidity situation.Isn't the whole purpose of tape to stick? So it ought to be obvious that a less sticky tape isn't an advantage. It may make this tape less frustrating to use when it accidentally re-rolls itself during taping, but is that really the most important feature of a tape?I'm sorry, but I just can't recommend this tape to anyone using a box with seams longer than about 6 to 8-inches. Biggest Plus is Also its Biggest Minus
The only thing that worked properly on this manual unit was the vacuum bar, which held it securely on the table top.  The various holes will allow you to sharpen a variety of pencils, but I use the word "sharpen" loosely as the blades must be made of ragged ends ~ we got anything but a smooth, sharp point.  There were no clean edges, no fine points, in fact, the pencils came out looking like they were put through a cheese grater.  The handle does not smoothly turn and therefore you are forced to hold the barrel steady with the same hand that is holding your pencil.  The entire operation is clumsy and the end result is frustration, especially for school children.  This one is not getting more than one star, sorry.  Go with a battery operated STAPLES brand for the same price and get a clean, sharp point every time. No way
OK, so sometimes the old fashioned way really isn't best. I got this because I was dissatisfied with the various electric pencil sharpeners we have, and longed for the silken-smooth action of the old-style Bostich sharpeners, complete with revolving openings for different sized pencils and handy vacuum seal that keeps it sturdily attached to your desk as you sharpen. Well after putting a dozen pencils of varying size and width through the blades of this Bostich, all I can say is Ugh. First of all, don't try to attach the vacuum base on wood. It will not stay put. Every time I fed a pencil into the sharpener opening and started to crank, the seal broke. It only worked on a formica-like surface, which did hold the seal pretty well. Second problem, noise: the thing is so loud my granddaughter came in from another room to ask what was making so much noise. I was sharpening a pencil, Honey. Wow, that's a noisy pencil sharpener! Third, clumsy cut: the sharpening blades are incredibly rough, chewing up everything from a simple basic #2 pencil to a thick charcoal drawing pencil and everything in between. The points on each pencil were anything but fine -- the charcoal fell apart, the drawing pencils never reached a point, and the paper on one type of pencil I've used for years was torn to bits. No other sharpener has ever done that. This is going in the round file. Epic fail
With a pair of metal blades, this sharpens well.  Expect to have to suction it down with each use.  Nice to be able to sharpen different sizes too!Edited 6/7/14:  Blades fell apart.  Junk. Does the job
The sharpener itself seems fine. However, no matter what surface I 'vacuum' attached it to, it came off before a pencil had been completely sharpened. The only surface it attached to for even that amount of time was a glass table top-- no suction on a smooth wooden surface (my desk, where I would have liked to keep it) and not much better on the formica counter in the kitchen. get one that screws into a wall or onto a counter instead of this
This product simply does not work well.  It works about 5 percent of the time.I'm using tagging barbs by the same manufacturer/brand as the tagging gun.There is a learning curve.  But I am a mechanical engineer and can figure things out fairly well.The needle mechanism consists of a hollow tube with a side slot and needle that pushes the end of the barb (the end that is to be poked through the fabric) through the tube.What happens is the tagging barbs slide out of the side slot of the needle before they are punched through the fabric.  It happens over and over again.If you don't have the fabric flush with the flat front of the tagging gun you have no chance; if you do, you have a large chance that the barb will split rather than be punched through the fabric.Trying to get this product to work I am reminded of the definition of insanity:  Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. Not really great ...
I got it to read QR codes that I normally read from my smartphone.  It will only read standard bar codes. Will NOT read QR codes
At one year old this unit produces paper jams galore, leaks ink and when we just cleaned it up we removed about two table spoons of jellied ink from within the printer on the right side where the cartridges are parked. The entire unit is smeared with ink on the inside.This is an item in a home office where it is used very lightly.A total waste of time!There should be a 0 star option for this one. Horrible printer, expensive ink, paper jams galore
Many of the pens quit working within the first few minutes of using them. The glitter may be getting clogged up in some but even the metallic ones are refusing to flow. I couldn't get them to write once again no matter how or what I tried. All the old techniques to get the ink to flow with ballpoint pens when I was in school failed.  This assortment is proving to be a real "dud".  Nearly 25% of these pens do not work after the first use. I always recap my pens they really should not dry out. I can clearly see the volume of ink is in the inner tube. Frustrating to say the least.  Do Not Buy! Unless you've got money to blow! Ink will not come out and play...
I have no idea how I did it but it was the wrong cartridge for my printer. So not sure what to do with it. I had to drive 20 miles to our nearest place to buy the correct one! and 20 miles back, or the machine wouldn't print. Grhhhh I ordered the wrong ink cartridge!
Since I started using this my cursor won't work right part of the time which is very annoying.  The only thing I can think that is responsible for the malfunctioning cursor is that this thin pad doesn't have enough "grab" on its surface. This is probably due to the flimsy material from which it is constructed. It is also rather large (8x9") which may be a boon to you but it takes up a lot of space on my little desk. Personally I am going to quit using it and return to using my prior thick mouse pad! Doesn't work well
I have bad luck with Epson products.  Their longevity sucks.  This worked well in the beginning, although it felt like each scan took forever.  The software and choosing what and how to use to scan wasn't easy to use.  I'm not the top of tech savvy, but i'm not at the bottom either.  It stopped scanning after very few uses (months later, but total uses was maybe 100 tops).  I've tried downloading a driver upgrade...it just won't work.  It won't load onto my computer.  It's too deep to store easily and too big.  I bought it to scan family photos, but it takes too long (took too long) and i gave up.  It really, for me, was a waste of money.  My other Epson printer died after a few months.  I truly cannot recommend Epson products and won't ever purchase them again.  Guaranteed. In the long run, not happy
I don't normally write such negative reviews, but this was an utter disappointment. I was unable to be productive with this item at all. It took me 10 minutes of disappointment after disappointment trying to cut different types of paper, etc to ultimately decide I needed to return it.The plastic is a sub-par grade, very flimsy.The blade does not cut through paper very smoothly, not one sheet, much less 3 as it claims often not at all. It tore newspaper with the blade, rather than cut it, it caught it and tore it. Not good.I was so disappointed with this purchase that I returned the item for a refund.I did end up purchasing a Swingline SmartCut EasyBlade Plus Rotary Paper Trimmer, 12 Inch, 15 Sheet Capacity (8912) it was about twice the price, but so much more worth it.Hope that helps you with your purchasing decisionThanks for Reading! I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone
I bought this set of phones because they looked good and i needed a recorder,when i got the phone after three weeks the recorder would not work did not work
I ordered this desk chair from the Vine program and was looking forward to getting it. From the description, it sounded like the perfect computer desk chair.Unfortunately:*It looks nothing like the picture. The base assembly is plastic, not metal. The arm supports are plastic. Not only does it not match the picture, but the overall effect is cheesy.*The arms are NOT ADJUSTABLE. They're fixed. THEY DO NOT MOVE. If you look at the picture, you can see that the arm rests are on posts which presumably allow you to raise and lower them.  With this chair, the armrests are each one piece of plastic which attaches to the side AND the back of the chair, which doesn't allow them to move.*Comfort level? Okay, not great. I'm not impressed by the so-called "lumbar support." I haven't owned it long enough to tell if it will be comfortable in the long run. Actually, I may never know. I will probably be using our "old" chair and this will be relegated to the basement, as an extra seat.*The chair is supposed to allow a bit of recline. It doesn't. You can rock back about an inch--the same as another chair we recently purchased but which lists way lower than the price of this model.*It's possible that the wrong item was sent to me, EXCEPT the packing slip clearly identifies this as the product I requested. So: was there a mistake at the warehouse? Or, was there a flimsier, cheaper prototype that the company is trying to unload so they can market the "better" chair? Or more disturbingly: are higher-quality chairs being swapped out so that someone can profit from selling them while presenting this as the "real" chair to unsuspecting customers? I did alert Vine about this. In any case, the chair I now have is the chair you will possibly receive when you order the product described on this page.This is one of those cases where what you see is NOT what you get.***** Two other customers (comments below) experienced the same thing I did: they recieved the wrong item, not the chair advertised, but one of a much lower quality. I don't think the "cheaper" chair is a bad chair, only that it does not measure up to the model described on this page. IMPORTANT POINT: This is a pattern, not just a one-in-a-thousand (or however many chairs they have for sale) problem. ANYONE who orders this chair has a pretty good chance of receiving the WRONG chair. If I had to furnish a home office and wanted the HMH01 model, I would be taking a chance ordering it. If you get the wrong model, it's a hassle to repackage it and mail it back (even if amazon reimburses you for the shipping). I think they have a problem at the warehouse.************** Don't Waste Your Money
The chair in the picture, and the one described here sounds like a really good chair -- but that's not what I got. I got a cheap chair that wouldn't sell for more than $100 at an office supply store.What I got, despite the packaging, appears to be more like the HON HVL521, but even if I were to assume it was really that chair, I still couldn't give it a good review. For the price of the HVL521 I would expect better quality than what I got.The cheap chair that I got has a fabric covered foam seat with a cover that doesn't fit the seat. It's puckered-up near the rear. The pneumatic lift is anemic. It might be fine if you're 100lb, but as a 240lb (okay, 260lb) man, I don't see it lasting for more than a couple months of use.The cheap casters pop into a soft plastic base. You'd better have a hardwood floor because if they sink into even a short-piled carpet, the sideways stress put on them is going to cause them to come loose, and drop out quite easily.So if the chair I got is the correct chair that you'll get, there is no way it's worth anything close to the price I paid. If it's the other model that it appears to be, it's still poorly made. Not Anything Like the Description
I was thrilled with this purchase since the ink was so much cheaper than the regular ink. However, my printer has stopped printing black normally. When I do the printer test it says the heads need to be cleaned and after doing many cleaning cycles and replacing the black cartidge with a brand name Epson cartidge, I still can't get the black print head to work again. I have used a similar product on a brother printer for a year with no problem so maybe it is the printer. However, the Epson disclaimer says non-epson inks may damage the printer, so I am inclined to think the are right in this case. I think it broke my printer
WHAT WAS I THINKING???? Trying to save a few bucks and now I am stuck with a printer that won't print and an hour drive to town to buy a new printer.First I had trouble installing the cartridges. The seller was VERY nice and answered my questions fast (thumbs up to the seller). I got them all installed. Oddly (blast you Epson), after I installed one they all seemed to need changing even though they showed having plenty of ink...hmmm. Finally I got them installed and printed five pages that looked decent (not great). Then from one page to the next the colors were off. For the first time in the 2-3 years I have had the printer I had to clean the heads and all that utility type stuff and NO LUCK. Nothing I have done will get the printer printing again. I am just out of luck.Anyway, now I have NO WORKING PRINTER and am not only out what I spent on these AWFUL cartridges, but I guess I will just have to buy an entire new printer. GEESH...WHAT WAS I THINKING????I will beg you to not buy ANY off brand ink jet cartridges. Just stick with the name brand ones. I am weeping on my ink stained fingers.UPDATE!!! I literally threw the printer away and had to purchase an ENTIRE NEW PRINTER! I spent hours cleaning the heads and doing everything imaginable and then the printer told me the cartridges were not compatible and refused to even clean the heads. This was a very costly, time consuming and frustrating mistake. I swear I will never, ever be tempted to buy off brand cartridges again...yep, I should have known better. DO NOT BE TEMPTED BY THE PRICE!!!!!!!!!
These cartridges didn't work, period.  They slot into my Epson Workforce 600 just fine, but no ink comes out.  Taking them out I can see punctures in the feed holes, so it's not that.  I'll definitely be seeking another solution for economical ink.  Don't waste your money. Didn't even get what little I payed for
Another cheap, crappy piece of plastic made in China: I returned this very quickly to Amazon. Shavings were constantly spewing out the sides of the thing while it was in operation and it is very noisy with a lot of vibration while it's sharpening. I upgraded to an iPoint sharpener which is super quiet, smooth and quick: ten zillion times better than this one.NOT RECOMMENDED!!! VERY MESSY, VERY NOISY, VERY CHEAPLY MADE IN CHINA
I  HAD THIS SHARPENER SINCE MARCH AFTER ALL THE RAVE REVIEWS IN AMAZON, ONLY FOR IT TO STOP WORKING AFTER A COUPLE OF MONTHS. IT WAS PURCHASED FROM WHITE STAR. WHEN I CALLED THE ORIGINAL MANUFACTURERSCHOOL SMART--THEY SAID THAT THIS COMPANY WAS NOT AUTHORIZED TO SELL THIS PRODUCT TO BEGIN WITH, AND URGED ME TO CONTACT THE COMPANY--NO RESPONSE!  LUCKILY I PURCHASED FROM AMAZON AND THEY RETURNED IT PROMPTLY AND ISSUED ME A REFUND. I AM SURPRISED THAT IT JUST STOPPED WORKING--AND DONT UNDERSTAND ALL THE GREAT REVIEWS... NUMBER ONE?? NOT AT ALL--SO YOUR RESEARCH! ENDED UP RETURNING IT--DONT BUY!!
First, I love most Sharpie products, including their new non-permanent pens.  So I thought I'd give these a try.As has been well-documented here by others, the writing does not look like a pencil, it looks like a grey pen that skips a lot.  There is no boldness to the line, and it makes reading what you wrote an eyesore.Truly a disappointment, and a surprisingly poor product. Really deserves negative stars
Many companies have a dud product, but for Sharpie to have released this to the public, SHAME on them.  I purchased this product due to brand name and excitement about pencil leads being liquid.  Well I don't know whose pockets got lined to passthis item through failed experiments, but I see a refund in my future so it won't be my money.The product simply doesn't work. Writing is sketchy at best.  Sharpe needs to go back to the drawing board- something apparently not done when testing this product, but selling this to the public in such a condition is unacceptable. Shame on Sharpe!
Sharpie advertises this product as being "smooth like a pen, erases like a pencil".  It a very poor pen that writes less smoothly than this product, and the texture isn't really pencil-like.  The erasing goes fine, but the erasers on the end of the pencil fall off very easily.  Waste of $6. Poor ink/lead flow
These are awful pencils, they skip, they are barely "erasable", so frustrating to use that I threw mine away. What a waste of money. Buy some cheap Bic mechanical pencils instead, you'll be better off. Horrible
I always associate Sharpie with quality products. Who hasn't used one of their markers? They are the gold standard for fiber tipped markers. For that reason, when I saw this liquid pencil on the shelf, I grabbed a pack to check them out.I noticed the pencil had a nice rubber grip (love rubber gripped pens) and it had a good mechanical "click" to extend the point. And that's where it stopped. The thing writes poorly. It skips when you write - a lot! Completely unacceptable. And I tried it on all types of paper too, not just the Sunday Times Crossword puzzle (slick paper - wouldn't even make a mark on it!). White paper, post-it note, even my Moleskine planner - USELESS!  Complete and utter waste of money.Do not buy this - unless, of course you like wasting your money on things that don't work.A shock from the Sharpie guys and a real disappointment._______________________________________________________________________________________Update - Sharpie is standing behind their product and if I send it back, they will refund my money... I can't believe they can sell these things - absolutely useless
I too had high hopes for this pencil.  Considering Sharpie is a reputable brand that makes quality markers, it was a huge disappointment to find that this pencil does indeed write like a bad pen, as others have stated.  When you first begin to write, you get that lull/skip of ink, or in this case, liquid lead(?).  I thought I could live with that, considering I just love when a Bic clear stick does that, but for work where I have to fill out a job log sheet, its a huge fail. Disappointing
I love Sharpie products, but this is the first one that really disappointed me. The pencil is ergonimically designed and looks very chic, but the graphite ink delivery is very inconsistent; lines of written out will be solid or choppy depending on how the ballpoint can deliverthe ink.  I have tested the pencil on different types of paper and it works the best on the yellow business pad.  It does not write well on glossy paper like all liquid gel inks and will smear.  Erasability will depend on how much force is exerted when you write, if you write lightly, then it erases cleanly, but if you writing leaves impressions on the paper then residue is left on the paper and you cannot fully erase the ink.  You can use any type of eraser to erase the liquid ink which one of the good characteristics of this pencil.  If you want improvement do not hesitate to contact Sharpie, it's a company that seems to emphasize improvement, which is why the retractable sharpie writing instruments have improved, they do not dry our as fast as the initially pens.  I look forward the the next redesign of this new pencil, but currently the pencil just does not measure up to the original lead or barrel based pencils. Could have been great but ink inconsitency and limited erasability
I got these with great expectations, I love everything sharpie and this was the biggest let down of my life. They write horribly, like a pen that's running out of ink, they skip they tug they are just uncomfortable no pressure a lot of pressure hot or cold little use or a lot of use there is just no helping these liquid pencils, the only thing that is great about them is they erase easy so you can erase the mess and start over with a real pencil or pen... stick to the sharpie pens!!! Its like a pen thats running out of ink
I own a lot of Sharpie products and love them so when I saw that Sharpie now has a range of liquid mechanical pencils, I was keen to try them out. They look very nice and stylish, and when I tried writing with one, I liked the smooth ink which feels like writing with a ballpoint pen except that the ink is erasable with a pencil eraser.Unfortunately, the ink flow is inconsistent and these pencils proved to be a terrible disappointment. I can't believe Sharpie is marketing these pencils with such an obvious flaw. I tried the other pencil in the pack and had the same disappointing results. It was frustrating to write with when I had to go back over the lines the pencil missed. If Sharpie can fix this flaw, these pencils would be winners because the other features - smooth eraser, stylish barrel, and the smoothness of the lines when the pencil actually works, are great. I really wanted to like this pencil, but...
Smooth and flowing... shucks, these pen-pencils don't do that. The ink does not come out smoothly and when it does it is very light. Since it's already light it's easy to erase.Don't buy these. They obviously didn't go through product testing. Failed Creation
I bought these because the idea seemed cool but I returned them (something I almost never do) immediately. They skip like an out of ink ball pen. Completely useless. Don't waste your money. How can they sell this junk?
Having used Sharpie pens and markers for decades, I expected that I was going to LOVE these liquid pencils. Here's what I like about them: they erase nicely. Other than that, they are nearly useless. They leave blobs of "ink," they skip, they require more pressure than an ordinary pencil, they are not useful when a fine hand is involved (or small characters), and they have all the disadvantages of the cheapest ball point pens.A number of years ago, a manufacturer produced the same type of product and it was unsatisfactory. Sharpie seems to have taken a step or two backward from that point. The design of the Sharpie pencil is nice and it would be comfortable to write with if extra pressure was not required. Otherwise...it's back to the drawing board. HUGE disappointment
Would review this product, but, it arrived with the pen shattered and dried out completely.  So now I have to buy my own pen. More  to come maybe
This printer has been a great assist to me since my purchase, sometimes it doesn't work but I can always play around and fix it. Not this time.I consistently get the U052 error and I could not fix it. It says I'm using the wrong cartridge but I tried all my OEM, nonOEM cartridges it would not fix it. I even tried to reset the whole machine, worked for a few pages and then popping U052 again.Canon, I'm tired trying to play around with you and I'm going to try another brand.I would not recommend this printer to anyone, because it is a disaster (especially when school begins and you have everything to print).Run and stay away. Great as long as you don't get errors like U052
Don't do it. I loved this PIXMA, and its price, right up until it mysteriously stopped working. It suddenly began insisting at all times that there was a foreign device in its (empty) USB slot that I needed to remove. This was initially just strange, given I kept the printer and my workspace very clean, and could be cured by sticking a USB stick in the port that it did recognize. But not longer after I discovered this solution, it just stopped working altogether, claiming a totally different error (that also wasn't applicable!). I spent hours and hours and hours trying various Canon solutions without any luck. The end cost: more than $100+ on this printer then 10-20 hours cleaning the printer and trying to problem solve. Broke just outside of warranty.
I googled what it could mean, and it means that the ink is either not recognised, or not loaded correctly. I read the manual on how to install it correctly. No dice. Keeps doing the same dumb error.No USB cable included in the box, so I had to go out and buy one.Frankly, I don't have the time or the patience for this. I'd sooner return and buy a new one than finagle this garbage.This error message means that I cannot scan, print, or do anything else with the machine. In other words, I have a big fat brick. I tried to get the contact info for Cannon customer support, and the page won't load. Classy. The singapore page loads, right there with the phone number. So if I wanted to make a long distance call to Singapore, I'd be golden. But the USA support site? Not so much. 40E error. Forever
Worked good for just over a year, very little use, now after 16 months of use it is dead.Used to be Canon made a decent scanner, those days are now gone. 18 months and it is dead! Buy something else!
This may be the most defective device I've ever purchased.  None of the buttons on the scanner itself  for '1 click action' work.  No graphic programs see the scanner, though it is clearly installed properly.  If I scan from the included software, all attempted scans come out solid black.  Back this goes to Amazon.  I'd avoid buying this. Absolutely nothing works
it stopped. The ink got dry in the lines and black stopped working. Never had this issues with any HP machine I owned. Will not deal with Brother again. Worked and then...
I can put this on literally any surface, from paper to metal, and it will not stick.  I can pull the tape off, leaving no residue at all.  Maybe I just got one of those rolls in a thousdand or maybe they have no quality control.  Complete waste of money. Almost no adhesive
fell off the bottom of my car after I went over a bump I have contacted the manufcturer in attempt to retrurn it fell off the bottom of my car after I went over a bump
I chose this keycase as a container for my spare care key. With the magnet it supposedly would adhere to iron or steel on the underside of the car. Unfortunately the magnet was not up to the job (it barely held), and I had to return the keycase. Magnet was useless
HP 564 Inkjet Cartridges, Set of 4 (Black, Cyan, Magenta & Yellow) were not new, where recharged, HP printers do not work with recharged ink which is wrong.  How can they do this, I thought there was a law against this.  But this work help regular people so the government would never do something to help us. HP 564 Inkjet Cartridges, Set of 4 (Black, Cyan, Magenta & Yellow)
This product is such rubbish that I cannot believe that anyone would order it. The resulting words look like dried up squiggles that I can barely read. Straight to the can
This is by far the most attractive printer I've seen.  The flat black finish and collapsible output paper holders were nice touches.  The cables run in the back and are nicely hidden.  I ended up putting it with my entertainment electronics and it fit right in.Of course, the looks of a printer are pretty meaningless if it doesn't perform well.  I've been using it for about a month now and have had very little to complain about.  The copier works fine for me, and regular printing is effortless.  Two-sided printing is a breeze.Although the printer is loaded with features, I have only used a few.  Here is what I like (that I've used):*  Paper tray holds a lot more paper than my previous printers.  It also has an open panel in the front so you can tell how much paper is in the feeder.*  Control panel has a tilt feature.*  Installation was a snap.*  Print speed is impressive.*  Excellent photo printing.There aren't many I've found,  but here are a few things I don't like:*  Noisy.  Even in quiet mode it is loud.  Compared to a Brother all-in-one I have, it is much louder.  Compared to a Canon Pixma, it is about the same.*  Out of paper message.  When you are out of paper the screen says you are either out of paper or have a paper jam.  I wish it were smart enough to know the difference.*  Shake it!  I have this guy sitting on a cheap end table with plastic legs.  This won't last too long.  When I print it shakes the table like a belly dancer.  Make sure you have a good solid non-slip surface to put it on.I like this printer.  It been reliable and does all I've wanted it too.** Update **Today, the printer decided it was done.  It refuses to power up.  Not sure what happened, it worked the previous night and when i come home today it is a goner. Elegant Look, Impressive Features
opened immediately after delivery so it did NOT stand/store, leaked once all over and quit working altogether.I NEVER GOT TO USE IT AS IT NEVER WORKED.WORTHLESS WASTE OF MONEYTry the fiskar brand white gel pen--it works great. Except I cannot find one sold seperately--only as a pen set. But they are INexpensive and work GREAT. worthless
As I said, it JUST looks better than plywood. This mat is the cheapest thing that I have ever seen, and I am not talking about the price. The mat came rolled up in a box that was about 10 inches square, so naturally I had to lay the mat out in the sun for about 6 hours to get the kinks out of it so it would lay flat.. Then when I sat in my desk chair the casters immediately sunk into the mat, and I could barely roll the chair around on the mat because it made ruts where ever I would roll it. The second day that I had it I submitted a request to return this junk. I will buy something better now. It just looks better than plywood!
Bought this for a very low pile home office carpet. As others have said, the chair wheels sink in, causing permanent depressions, The mat does not stay in place, but slides back and forth and sideways. If a wheel rolls off the edge trying to roll it back on the mat does not work - the mat edge turns up trapping the chair. Would not buy again
This was a replacement for an cracked mat of identical dimensions for my home.  It laid flat quickly, however it does NOT hold well in standard apartment carpet. At least 6 times a day I must move it back to where it belongs.  Spend a little more and get one that has deeper nubs because this was a total waste of money. Did not have that plastic odor.  NOT recommended. Sturdy
I read the reviews and wish that I could enjoy the many 4 and 5 stars this printer receives.  Out of the box it has not worked properly.  Try to align the print cartridges and it fails each time.  Customer service is no help - probably needs a new printer head.  Out of the box a lemon and my mistake... didn't buy from Amazon.  I buy 99% of my stuff from Amazon and this is why.  Products are easy to return. I bought this printer on a whim from Staples.  They get a 1/2 star.  Bad service and because I didn't have all items with the box packaging they would not me return until I spent time with the manager.  What a hassle.I recommend to buy a different printer and buy it from Amazon. Bad luck with this printer
I bought a sharpie pain pen in black years ago and still have it and it works wonderfully. THESE NEW SHARPIE PAINTS ARE TRASH by comparison. Why?1. The black and red ink runs, and the silver and gold shrinks to nothing under resin even after fully dried while the older brand did not do this and worked like a true artist quality tool. it ruin two of my pieces that I now have to re do. I hate this garbage.2. The ink streaks and is not a solid opaque even after the marker tip is saturated with ink.3. The formula seems like it's ONLY good for tagging.4.THE TIPS FALL OUT!!! i was shocked that not one but all except the white tip fell out while trying to prime it and I was VERY careful in what I did. Ink got everywhere! I had to manually reinsert the tip, and even still it did not soak up the ink well enough to make an opaque non streaking line.5. The red is pastel orange and looks disgusting.In summery if you are 13 and want to tag all over your schools bathroom to be a rebel buy this, because, it was actually made for you. If you want to work with a quality marker for art purposes that you'd like to be more permanent and flexible when mixing media, buy another brand! Even when NOT using resin this is a poor product as the ink is not good quality and the marker tips fall out as if you'd bought something very cheap. The gold is pretty, but getting it to work for you, well, good luck.Buy another brand. Sharpie FAILED big time on these pens. the on The color gets 1 star and the rest of the pen is junk BUY ANOTHER BRAND!!!
worthless junk. Should have just bought an OEM drum (which is what I ended up having to do anyways). This thing did not work straight out of the box Unit did not work brand new
Bought this cartridge for a new Brother HL-2270DW.  In less than 2 or 3 hundred pages the toner light started flashing and the printer refused to print.  I did not believe that the cartridge could possibly be out of toner, so I searched the web and found the following instructions to reset the out of toner condition:===================- Open the front cover and leave open while completing the following steps.- Turn the printer off.- Hold the 'go' button (or "start' button) while turning the printer on. All panel lights should be on.- Release the 'go' button (or "start' button).- Press the 'go' button (or "start' button) 2 times.- Pause. All panel lights should be on.- Press the 'go' button (or "start' button) 5 times.The toner light should be off. (error may be flashing)The paper light should be on or flashing.- Close cover. The ready light should be the only light on.====================The printer functioned fine after the reset.  I have no idea how long the "fix" will last.A pox on companies  that build devices like this.====================ONE YEAR LATER April 16, 2013So I have had this printer for one year now and I must say, that except for the above problem, it has functioned flawlessly. In retrospect it has proved to be very cost effective and efficient.====================ALMOST TWO YEARS LATER February 9, 2014Many readers have suggested that I should reconsider the one star review.I appreciate their point, especially as I am coming up on two years of ownership and the printer is still performing well. (Subject to an occasional reset.)But I just can't get passed what I take to be intentional misinformation by Brother to their customers causing them to buy unneeded toner. That just seems dishonest to me. But I will say this, if I were in the market for a similar printer I believe that the HL-2270DW would be a good choice as long as one knew about the bogus out of toner problem.I have received feedback from many people who have saved a lot of money by extending the life of their toner cartridges. For that reason more than any other I believe I will let the review stand.====================ADDENDUM April 9, 2014Yesterday the printer decided that I should replace the drum. The drum light would flash and any attempt to print resulted in an error. The last prints looked excellent so I was not about to replace a good drum. I tried a drum reset but it did not work so I did a Brother HL-2270dw - Factory reset and now all is fine.This is how I did it:1. Turn off the printer.2. Hold the GO button while you turn the printer on. Hold the button until all the LEDs light up and the Ready LED light turns off.3. Release GO, all the LEDs will turn off.4. Press GO ten times. The printer will now restart. Brother tries to force you to replace toner too soon.
Either my cartridge is defective or my printer is defective. I ordered from Amazon, not from a 3rd party. I wonder if I got a counterfeit product. Replace Toner light at about 200 pages
I bought this as a replacement copier.  All printer I have ever had I could use as a printer for your computer or by itself as a copier.  This printer you can ONLY use with your computer.  There was NO mention of this on the description before ordering or on the  box  when I received it.  I learned about it when I set the printer up and found out there is no place to place my the document  I wanted to print.  It was very disappointing,  especially since I will have to go to the expense of returning it. Information isn't  complete
quality isn't bad, but this thing wastes SO MUCH ink. it doesn't have an economy print feature, so you're going to end up shelling more on ink cartridges than is worth the quality, speed, and hardware. from a cost perspective, i was better off investing in a more expensive but longer lasting laser printer. don't get fooled by the price
Owned 6 HP Printers over 20 year span...bought the HP Deskjet 952C WORKHORSE that LASTED almost 20 years of CONSTANT printing including photo printing and an 855C for my kids.  Then I bought 4 more in the last 2 months that were ALL DEFECTIVE including this one!!Very familiar with these...what HP has done is make the printers cheaper and ink cartridges SMALLER so you pay for the printer, (IF it works for a few months), over and OVER again; it's a "MONEY THING" and people are buying these blindly without doing the research.**Please do yourself a favor and invest in an inexpensive LASER Printer instead that will be much more cost effective in the end.  Really see what meets your needs and buy that one, not the cheapest one!!**~>GOOD LUCK!! CHEAP PIECE OF JUNK ~> DON'T BUY ~>PLEASE READ THIS:!!
Now I hate to give bad reviews but this DEFINITELY deserves ZERO stars!Terrible at printing letters, it never feeds correctly,I have to manually feed it one by one, what a time waster!And it always gets cut off on the left! When I tab everything over,it prints correctly and cuts off on the right!It can't take refilled inks, NO way so I have to buy genuine inks,and sometimes it thinks it's NOT!  Sometimes the color will quitworking and you can't print unless you  have both cartridges in!After using this for several months, the printer starts to printslooooowly I mean TEN minutes per page SLOW!  It's a hit or miss.Sometimes it prints okay but then other times it'll take halfan hour to finish a print job!  @ Thirty bucks you get what you pay for!The ink is also really expensive, after buying 2 packs you can buy a new"disposable" printer.  Get a  Brother instead, cheaper inks and easierto setup (especially wireless). I also have an HP 3000 and still tothis day can't get it to network wirelessly! WORST PRINTER EVER!
I've had this printer for over a year and it works fine,but the toners are just way too expensive. I paid $29.99for this printer when it originally went on sale and, asI stated, it's a pretty OK light weight printer foreveryday stuff.  No complaints there.I just bought a set of 61XL toners at the local big boxand they were $56.  I was out of ink and didn't want towait.  It's pretty ridiculous when the toner's almosttwice the price of the printer.This is a really poor deal for the consumer, so I willgive HP and their printer/toners a low rating ongeneral principle. upkeep is way too expensive
I really wanted to like this unit. I've had other Canon printers and have had good luck with them. Unfortunately, this one couldn't even complete the setup process. It displayed an error message right out of the box. Canon tech support (which fortunately is in the US) advised that the print head carrier was not being released by the purge unit. This is apparently due to a manufacturing defect and is not user serviceable, so I'm returning the unit. DOA
If you listen carefully, you can hear this huge machine singing to Saturday Night Fever Song "I will be jammin' YEAH!  I will be jammin' YEAH!"  and that is what it does.  Out of about 10 print jobs of only 1 or 2 pages each, there was a paper jam on 9 of the print jobs.  Some of the jams involved jamming more than once.  It takes forever to reset and be ready to print again.  I will be returning.I will add that the hardware and wireless set up was extremely easy.  However, when I tried to set up for ePrint, I got the error "FAILED TO UPDATE" twice so I thought maybe I was doing something wrong so I called customer support and they said I was doing everything right, sometimes there server is just behind and/or having difficulties.  Finally it did update and you can rename your printer with whatever email address you would like at the domain @hpeprint.com.This printer is larger than described in the Amazon listing because of the duplexer for two-sided copying and the paper tray.  It is gigantic.  The rep said it is so big because the print heads are separate from the print cartridges which will help save on ink costs.  I will never know about that because I will not deal with all the ink and paper cost lost on all the paper jams.  HP Rep said he would send me information on clearing jams as the paperwork that comes with the printer did not say much, but I didn't hear from the HP rep again.Good bye 8500A Pro!  Don't let my door hit you in the Jammin' Mother with a LARGE footprint
Oh how I despise this all in one machine. I've had it for over a year and will trash it soon because it's just so annoying. It eats ink and the ink is very expensive.  You can not print even in black unless all the color ink cartridges are in.  Scan to email function works well, but why can't I delete email addresses right from the screen?  It's a major hassle to have to log in online and then delete or change your address book.  why?I would NEVER recommend this printer to anyone.  Don't buy it!  It doesn't work nearly as well as my older Cannon. WORST ALL IN ONE EVER!!
HP Officejet Pro 8500A Plus Wireless e-All-in-One (CM756A#B1H)This is not my first HP printer but is the first one I got that was DOA. When I set up my printer for the first time, nothing I could do would make the sheet feeder, feed. I called tech support and went through basic trouble shooting with him. After he determined it was truly broken he arrange a swap out. He warned me that I would get a refurbished unit. I had no recourse as Amazon Vine supplied the unit and I knew they had no more. So I processed the request with the tech. The replacement printer arrived quickly and to my surprise it wasn't in a plain box. As a matter of fact it was a brand new printer and it all worked right out of the box. This was better than expected and overall a good experience using HP tech support.Now for the all-in-one printer. It is fairly fast at printing. That said, it's kind of noisy too. There always seems to be activity going on and it's noisy activity. Also, this printer jams more often than any other printer I've ever owned, mostly from the internal tray. I think there is, IMHO, a design flaw in the tray design. There is no tension bar to slide into place behind the paper stack.  I think this lack of pressure at the rear of the paper lets it go slack over time and the result is a jam. I've never had a printer that didn't snug up the paper stack. The actual print quality is pretty good. Text is sharp and pictures are crisp. This is not a photo printer but if you use photo paper the results are very acceptable. It is a good mix of service. Still if you need excellent quality photos this is not the printer for you.This printer is a duplexing printer and will also photo copy in the duplex mode. This worked very well but I did get a jam once on a 30 page duplex test run. I did test some HP Premium Presentation Paper and the results using pictures and text was quite nice. I was very pleased with the resulting document.The touch display is large and easy to use, but sometimes I have to press twice to register the command. It also uses large ink cartridges which can be expensive, but you won't have to replace them as often as some. The prerequisite media readers are present too and work as expected. Overall this is a decent device but I can't give it a whole hearted recommendation. A nice bonus was my iPad could print to this printer starting mid-December.  I consider it a mid-level performer and not really up to the HP standards of the past.Update: July 8, 2011It jams and jams and jams. I rerate this to a one star printer. Stay away. Sorry HP. Disappointed.Update: November 8, 2011After the last firmware update the jamming problem has reduced. You could blow me over with a feather to believe software would fix a jamming issue. I'd still say avoid this one. I saw the new 8600 at a Staples store. They redesigned it with a normal removable paper tray. It has an adjustable brace at the rear of the paper. LIKE IT SHOULD HAVE HAD ON THIS ONE!!! Not up to the HP standards of the past
I have owned this product since it's release and I have waited and continue to wait for HP to actually work out the kinks and make this product live up to it's potential. Years after initial purchase the software is still buggy as heck, as you update your operating software for your computer HP does not release updates in a timely fashion, and the worst issue of all is the wireless printing feature has a mind of it's own. Some days it works, other days it does not. I have trouble shot it to the point where I can definitively say that it is not my network connection or any other variable that is on the users end.Due to the fact that HP refuses to release an update making the printer compatible with the newest version of Apple's operating system I have had to use backdoor means in which to print and scan, more often than not resorting to using a printer cable to print and scan. Nearly $400 after initial purchase and I can't even print wirelessly. BUY WITH CAUTION.On a brighter note this printer and it's flaws since day one have made me more resolute than ever in not purchasing another product made by HP or their subsidiaries. It really is a terrible product; moreover, a terrible company that produces shoddy products that are an insult to the consumer and common decency.  This is not my first go-around with an HP product but it will be the last. So bad it's appauling
The ink I bought was "Sold by Quantum Electronics, Inc. and Fulfilled by Amazon." It came without the retail box, with some BS note about not shipping the box is protecting the environment. The importance of the box, though, is that it contains the EXPIRATION DATE for the cartridges. No box means you can't know how old the ink is.Is this their way of selling expired ink cartridges? They don't give you the information you need to know.I should have spent a couple of bucks more and bought the ink at Target. No box? Why not?
I had one of these for over a year and it was the worst printer I have ever had or seen. Oh, it printed OK. Photo's look nice, fairly fast & easy to setup the wifi wireless connection. It's the ink consumption that ticks me off! I bought it because it has separate cartridges for each color thinking I could just replace what ever color ran out first. Wrong. First set of ink cartridges was gone in no time even though I hardly printed anything. Figured it was because they were the ones that came with it and HP was just being cheap by sending ink cartridges with it that were only half, or less, full. It wouldn't let me just replace the black and keep printing text pages either. No, it had to have all of them replaced. I bet I didn't get a dozen pages printed with it over a 3 to 4 month period and it was out of ink. ALL of the cartridges were empty! And I didn't even print a single photo, only text pages. I got one more set and put in it. This time I shut it down when I wasn't printing something. Didn't matter. Every time it was turned on it ran a full head cleaning cycle before it would print. I even put the extra large black cartridge in it but that didn't matter. It used the Photo Black for text printing. And guess what? In less than 4 months every cartridge was empty even though I only used it a few time to print something. Except for the extra large black, it was still over half full but the thing wouldn't print anything with the other ones empty. This is the first printer that I retired before it was actually broken. I wonder if it was intentional by HP to make money selling ink cartridges? After this one, I'm never buying another HP printer again. Worst printer ink addict ever, DO NOT BUY!
I received the scale and tested it. It worked fine plugged in. Then I noticed the battery compartment door was gone and n where in the box. I want to be able to use the battery feature if needed. Without a door to keep the battery in place it would be difficult to do. I returned it for a full refund and ended up getting one at a local big box store. poor quality
I purchased this because I wanted a faster laser printer. First of all it comes with very poor installation instructions. Pictures in a book. I managed to get the printer together and install the prin cartridge. The problem arose when I put the windows operating disc in the computer. My computer suddenly made a :( face and indicated it had run into a problem. I hav not been able to get my computer online or access the Internet. This machin is going back to th store. I bought it only 3 days ago. Hopefully HP support will be able to get me back online. If you have a 2 year old computer and run windows 8 do not buy this. I am extremely disappointed 1536 caused my hp computer to crash
Did not work with my brand new iMac (Mountain Lion).  Being returned.  Not sure why it works with some iMacs and not others.  I tried the advice that other Mac owners have left here for installing this device, with no luck. iMac 27 Mountain Lion NO GO
I bought this for my office and it's easy to assemble, but very unstable and rickety.  I just put it in the corner and try not to touch it.  Not great for everyday use as the hinges come off easily.  It's definitely not sturdy.  Oh well....I should have gone and bought a good one at the store. Not sturdy!
These toner are not compatible as they claim to be. They plain DO NOT WORK. I am attempting to return them and will update this review with the results.edit, 6/18/13 - The seller has given me a full refund.  They asked which model of printer I use.  I use an hp 1102w.  Perhaps they are working on compatibility but these units did not work in my 1102w.  Cheers to the supplier for a painless refund process. THESE ARE NOT COMPATIBLE WITH HP 1102W - DO NOT BUY - Seller gave me a refund
I ordered this size and had no idea they were so small. Unless you are mailing out a pair of earrings or some small jewelry that's not in a box, this mailer is a complete waste of money. Be warned. Completely useless
The price point of this wide format MFP was too low to resist.  I was able to get rid of my old fax machine and my temperamental HP wide format inkjet and combine them into one machine, freeing up much needed space in my office.  Free up space, it most certainly did, but the benefits of owning this frustrating piece of technology ends there.As for large format printing, this puppy sure handles paper up to 13x19, POORLY. If you're lucky enough to get the paper to feed without jamming or trying to grab ten sheets at once, it usually feeds crooked and prints everything on the page at an angle. Then, when it gets to the bottom of the page, it freaks out and tries to suck back the freshly printed page back into the printer for some reason. At best, this rips the bottom of the page. At worst, it feeds the page back in so far as to jam the print heads that are still flying back and forth. Printing 13x19 is a great function, but only if it works.  This machine literally has a 10% success rate with large format paper.Printing on regular sized paper can be frustrating as well, as this printer likes to feed multiple sheets at once, or none at all. Reposition the paper in the tray, and it may then print or jam up on you. Depends on its mood. Trying to print wirelessly? Sure it has the function, but you will wait FOREVER for this thing to start printing a page. When it does finish printing, each page is shot out the front of this thing like a clown being shot out of a cannon at the Circus.  Forget to flip up that paper tray "stop" at the end of the tray and you'll end up with freshly printed pages all over the floor of your office.Copying, Scanning, and Faxing is handled fairly well, except for the fact that you have to use the touch screen interface to enter the numbers.  Another exercise in frustration.  The touchscreen key-pad is really fussy and either doesn't respond to your touch at all or responds by entering two or three numbers rather than just the one you're trying to press. Frustrating. Once you get the number entered, faxes go through as expected, though the paper feeder is louder than any other I've heard anywhere.If you can actually get this thing to print a page correctly, the print quality is quite nice, as expected.  However getting this thing to work on a regular basis over the last year of having it has been an exercise in frustration.  I am writing this while researching a replacement for this machine. Can't wait for the day I get to throw it on the trash heap.  I generally like HP printers, but this one is a total dud. Printing is a Frustrating Ordeal, Especially Large Format.
I gave this ink a one star, because it was shipped in a padded envelope, with the cap off and the aluminum seal on the bottle came loose and ink went all over inside of the envelope - I had to just throw it away - What a mess! Poor method of Shipping
I bought this for my daughter and it broke after 13 months.  The machine gave us a error code and it means something has to be replaced.  The D420 wasn't used very much and I am extremely disappointed with this POS.  Since I paid less than $120 for it, I will be donating it to charity rather than sending it back to Canon for repair.  My time is too valuable.  D420 is definitely not recommended.12/1/2012- updateThe error code is E225.  Google Canon E225 and see how many hits you will see.  It is not just the D420 having this problem.  Other Canon models also have the same problem. POS.  Lousy quality.
I tried using multiple hosts and everything else I could the of, now here is the part where I tell you guys what my skills are so no one will think that I must be dumb because I could not setup a printer.....I have been working on computers for 4 days, well make that five since it's past midnight in my time zone.....I eventually donated this guy to the Salvation Army, I always shoot my gear to the Salvation Army assume its something they want..... I hate to say it, I always buy hp, this unit caused me all sorts of issues
I purchased this because I needed a duplex, wireless printer. Unfortunately, despite having successfully at least 4 other non-computer devices to my wireless network in the past year or so, I was unable to get this printer connected.To do the wireless setup, you're supposed to first connect the printer using either a USB cable or a network cable. I tried it both ways, but although setup said that the printer (sometimes) detected my wireless network, it never successfully connected to it; the diagnostics always either said I had the wrong wireless security type, or that the network couldn't be connected. Well, I tried changing my WiFi setup to about 4 different types of security and no luck.Just for fun I also tried configuring the printer through its web interface; although I could (sometimes) reach the printer that way, and could fiddle with the wireless settings there too, once again, no luck connecting.I think I attempted to set up the printer on my Wi-Fi about 8 times, each time trying something a little different, before I decided to throw in the towel and send it back. I figured I had tried enough different things that calling support would be a waste of time.The only other item worth noting is that when the printer was warming up and preparing to print, the lights in the room dimmed briefly, so it's obviously sucking a lot of power occasionally. This didn't happen with my old laser printer, or with the new one I eventually got after returning this dud. Multiple attempts at wireless setup all failed
The set-up and print quality was as expected for its price range.  I was not able to set-up the WiFi as it could not be detected despite multiple attempts and configurations. The LAN connection worked well at first and then was mysteriously lost and could not be reconnected.  Finally had to switch to the USB connection which worked as expected. Overall a disappointed for a tech savvy person. Loses wifi connection...
We've gone through two TN-450 ($45) cartridges with this printer and we've found that we get at most 600 pages (often with images) out of the alleged 2,600 TN-450 cartridges. Not only that, the printer drum is only good for 10,500 pages!This is an excellent printer for very occasional use. If you are a student, or parent of students, however, you should NOT buy this printer. It will cost around $450 a year to own it.Instead consider something like the HL-6180DW, a bit more to purchase, but far more economical and longer lasting.With the 2270DW Brother has figured out how to turn a low cost laser printer into a high consumable cost ink jet printer. That's a sad innovation. This is a very expensive printer - 600 pages for $45
Neverending nightmare. From the beginning it has been the most trying piece of equipment we've had. It's disconnected itself from the wireless network. The steps it takes to reconnect, you have to be a marathon athlete. Let's say it somehow prints, occasionally if you connect the USB port. The blooming rollers will not scoop up the copy paper. Rather, they just spin and spin, squeaking and squawking, sucking up electricity (guzzling it) humming along like an electric train, with nothing to show for it. And that's IF IF IF it's in the mood the print via USB. Just. Don't. Do. It. sucking up electricity (guzzling it) humming along like an electric train
Bought this Brother HL-2270DW less than 30 days ago.  Within 2 days I replaced the starter cartridge with a new TN-420 thinking I would hold the starter cartridge in reserve.  In less than 2 or 3 hundred pages the toner light started flashing and the printer refused to print.  I did not believe that the cartridge could possibly be out of toner, so I searched the web and found the following instructions to reset the out of toner condition:===================- Open the front cover and leave open while completing the following steps.- Turn the printer off.- Hold the 'go' button (or "start' button) while turning the printer on. All panel lights should be on.- Release the 'go' button (or "start' button).- Press the 'go' button (or "start' button) 2 times.- Pause. All panel lights should be on.- Press the 'go' button (or "start' button) 5 times.(I have been told to press 6 times for the TN-450 cartridge.)The toner light should be off. (error may be flashing)The paper light should be on or flashing.- Close cover. The ready light should be the only light on.====================The printer functioned fine after the reset.  I have no idea how long the "fix" will last.A pox on companies  that build devices like this.====================ONE YEAR LATER April 16, 2013So I have had this printer for one year now and I must say, that except for the above problem, it has functioned flawlessly.  In retrospect it has proved to be very cost effective and efficient.====================ALMOST TWO YEARS LATER February 9, 2014Many readers have suggested that I should reconsider the one star review.I appreciate their point, especially as I am coming up on two years of ownership and the printer is still performing well.  (Subject to an occasional reset.)But I just can't get passed what I take to be intentional misinformation by Brother to their customers causing them to buy unneeded toner. That just seems dishonest to me. But I will say this, if I were in the market for a similar printer I believe that the HL-2270DW would be a good choice as long as one knew about the bogus out of toner problem.I have received feedback from many people who have saved a lot of money by extending the life of their toner cartridges.  For that reason more than any other I believe I will let the review stand.====================ADDENDUM April 9, 2014Yesterday the printer decided that I should replace the drum.  The drum light would flash and any attempt to print resulted in an error.  The last prints looked excellent so I was not about to replace a good drum.  I tried a drum reset but it did not work so I did a Brother HL-2270dw - Factory reset and now all is fine.This is how I did it:1. Turn off the printer.2. Hold the GO button while you turn the printer on.  Hold the button until all the LEDs light up and the Ready LED light turns off.3. Release GO, all the LEDs will turn off.4. Press GO ten times.  The printer will now restart.====================ADDENDUM July 3, 2014I recently bought another HL-2270DW.  It is a great printer as long as you know the caveats discussed above. Brother wants to sell you toner whether you need it or not.
There are hundreds of reviews that give this device 5 stars and which led me to make the purchase. However, I give it 1 star as it relates specifically to me and my experience with this adapter. I intended to use this as a backup for the Ooma that I use in my office located behind my house. Let me just say that after having made some tests it would be like using a donkey-drawn cart as a backup for a Rolls Royce.After making all the required connections, the User Guide explains that in order to use this device the called party must have one of these Obi's as well. None of my friends, relatives or others that I know personally are in possession of this gadget. Therefore this feature is useless to me. Strike one.Although Google Voice is available without this Obi, and I have used it without this Obi, I decided to give it a shot with the Obi just to satisfy my curiosity. The service is actually operable but the connection is very noisy and there is a voice delay which is quite irritable. Using Google voice without any tie in to Obi provides a much better connection. Therefore this feature is useless to me. Strike two.I toyed with the idea of trying to make some type of contact with the vendor to see if some of the problems could be resolved. Then I noticed that there are many reviewers who failed at any attempt to receive support. These reviewers, along with other reviewers who had any negative remarks, received a "Comment" from someone who parrotted the same exhortation to everyone that they should make the same contacts that had already been assured to be a total failure. No helpful information was dispensed just a routine gesture with useless advice. I decided not to waste any further time with Obi. Strike three. Yer out! Not For Me
I just purchased this device through nettalk duo website& before  I bought it I called the sales dept. twice to ask if you could talk unlimited hours with no charge & they said you can talk unlimited hours in the US & Canada. So I bought it. Then after I received the device I called customer service dept. & asked about the unlimited hours & they said there was a limit of 4000 hrs. a month & then I am sure they would bill you extra. Anyway since I was lied to twice I am returning the device because I was mislead just so they can make a sale. To say I am really pissed off is an understatement. buyer beware
this looks like a great little product: a nice, heavy duty binder w/a rear sleeve pocket and a forward, bungee-slipped expandable pocket...however, you don't get any pre-punched pages to get you started, and in my case, the binder arrived BROKEN (the lower pop-rivet that was supposed to anchor the punched rings was loose, allowing the rings to flop uselessly around inside...now, i'm trying to think of all the thousands of binders i've picked up and purchased over the last 40 years, and i don't think i've ever seen ONE with that defect!pity... Wanted to like - but arrived broken!
Machine failed after less than 2 months and no Amazon protection left.  Just great.  Don't waste your money on this dud.  I only got about 4000 pages out of it.  Not worth wasting your time on this one.  Plus the price has doubled since I purchased this.  Boo. COMPLETE FAILURE AFTER 4000 PAGES/2 MONTHS USE
Bought a Brother HL-2270DW less than 30 days ago.  Within 2 days I replaced the starter cartridge with a new TN-420 thinking I would hold the starter cartridge in reserve.  In less than 2 or 3 hundred pages the toner light started flashing and the printer refused to print.  I did not believe that the cartridge could possibly be out of toner, so I searched the web and found the following instructions to reset the out of toner condition:===================- Open the front cover and leave open while completing the following steps.- Turn the printer off.- Hold the 'go' button (or "start' button) while turning the printer on. All panel lights should be on.- Release the 'go' button (or "start' button).- Press the 'go' button (or "start' button) 2 times.- Pause. All panel lights should be on.- Press the 'go' button (or "start' button) 5 times.The toner light should be off. (error may be flashing)The paper light should be on or flashing.- Close cover. The ready light should be the only light on.====================The printer functioned fine after the reset.  I have no idea how long the "fix" will last.A pox on companies  that build devices like this.====================ONE YEAR LATER April 16, 2013So I have had this printer for one year now and I must say, that except for the above problem, it has functioned flawlessly. In retrospect it has proved to be very cost effective and efficient. Brother wants to sell you toner whether you need it or not.
Oh, it works fine, as advertised, but I just can't see a need for this. Plus, cost-wise, it isn't an economical way to use such tape. So, just another needless gadget to clutter up one's life, in my opinion. Why?
When this arrived, I thought it would be the perfect thing to keep in my craft area for when I'm wrapping gifts AND to keep it so my kids don't tear off more than they need.  Each piece of tape is the same size and pre-cut.  They sort of pop-up like facial tissue.However, nothing I tried (short of glue) kept the dispenser stuck to the surface.  I tried glass, laminate, marble, plastic and porcelain to see if I could get it to get enough suction to stay.  It might stick for a second, but then when you go to pull off another piece, it pops right off.If you wanted, you could glue this down, but why bother?  Just "stick" with the regular tape dispensers for now, this one needs a design overhaul. Nothing about it is helpful
I can imagine a committee of marketing guys struggling all night to come up with something new. Finally they invent the Pop-Up tape dispenser and go home but they have wasted their time.Its only advantage is that the strips of tape are pre-cut, the idea is that you pull out the next one from the cartridge and whack it on. But the dispenser did not work for me. When I pulled the first tape out, nothing came out of the slot to replace it. And trying to fix this was a pain. I gave up in disgust.My advice: stay with the old style spools of tape. Not a great product
When I bought this chair I did so because it was advertised as "Leather". I've been buying leather furniture for over 30 years -I'm not an expert and when the chair arrived I thought the leather was fine.A comment left on this review made me raise an eyebrow and take a closer look. Joining me was a long time friend who spent his career with Natuzzi leather. It's absolutely NOT leather. Research on the Net confirms that fake leather has become so hard to distinguish from real that the majority of even knowledgeable consumers can't tell the difference. Here's a quote from ehow dot com."There is nothing more infuriating then paying big bucks for leather furniture or clothing and realizing you have been duped when it is too late. There is a real racket for faux leather and sometimes you can't tell for sure what you are paying for."ehow.comI contacted the seller who in turn contacted the manufacturer and I was told it was Bonded Leather. Bonded leather is made from ground up scraps of leather, mixed with a polymer and pressed in a mold to make the grain. It doesn't perform, breath, last or age like leather because it isn't leather. There's nothing wrong with advertising a piece of furniture as "Bonded Leather" it can look great and costs a fraction of a simmilar item made of real leather. However it's deceiving to advertise this chair as leather."Soft Touch" leather is what we in Advertising call "weasel words". They're marketing phrases and they're meaningless. You want to see "100% Leather"  " Genuine Leather" or the nature of the Hide such as "Lamb Skin" printed on the label.No label?  it's not leather.The Mechanism.The height adjustment lever is easy to use and silent. To adjust the back a lever would have been a nice touch and they're certainly more convenient to use. Instead there's a tension knob under the seat which you have to turn to adjust how far the back will lean and how much give it will have. So expect to get in and out of the chair multiple times to get the sitting position you want.AssemblyOver the past 30 years, I must have assembled a dozen of these. They're never effortless. The chair comes with clear directions and a small Allen Wrench, grab a Phillips head screwdriver and you're good to go. Expect to spend around an hour putting it together - leave final tightening of all screws until you're finished.Because so many of the screws are driven into plastic be careful not to over tighten and avoid using an electric drill with a Phillips bit or electric screwdriver as I have no doubt you'll strip the threads.Build Quality.Not very sturdy - there is movement and give where you would rather it be sound and solid. But it's far from terrible and pretty much a non issue.The Bottom Line.If this was a leather chair it would be a sensational value. For a Fake leather chair this is anything but. Comparable chairs sell both on and off Amazon for around $79 - $129.The selling of this chair is an example of "Bait and Switch"  I won't accept that -  not on any level.  I'll be returning the chair. Fake Leather - Fraudulant Advertising - Poor Value
Dear Stapler,You fit so snugly in the palm of my hand. You were such a quirky rebel, refusing to unhinge and staple straight and storing your staples in a slider -- upside down. You were nothing like the staplers I've known before.And then the cranky lady from room 507 came to the desk to check out. I stapled her folio to her registration card and you gave such a satisfying, violent-tinged snap. I smiled as I handed over her copy of the folio, congratulating myself on not stapling her lips to her eyelids. Without you, most beloved of staplers, that transaction might have gone so wrong.And then you turned on me. Your slider would pop out with no warning, spilling your staples to the floor. Then when I asked you to staple more than 9 sheets of paper, you failed me altogether. I can't accept such frivolity, stapler, such poor workmanship. I'm afraid now I must return to the staid staplers of my youth. Fare Thee Well, Once Fair Stapler
I'm using this stapler to replace a traditional Swingline 747 Stapler that vanished from my office desk a few months ago. I really believed that a metal stapler was the best kind of stapler to to survive use and abuse, but was willing to give a smaller, lighter stapler a chance for my precious desk real estate. The PaperPro Evo Compact works well and with minimal effort that is indeed much like a Staple Gun in how rapidly it staples paper. Its size too makes it portable, so it would be an option for someone who needs a portable stapler, but doesn't want to use one of those cute, but useless-because-mini-staples-are-so-hard-to-find-mini-staplers.Update: I tried taking this stapler with me in my messenger bag and found that just a short trip from apartment to car, car to office, rendered it unusable. Nothing happens now when I try to staple. I have plenty of staples in it and other than the bottom that slides out to add staples, there is no way to take it apart to see what is wrong. I don't recommend this stapler. Small, but Powerful Stapler. Also, Apparently Too Delicate.
I didn't like this tape gun at all. The tape roll when placed on the dispenser is way up there, higher than my other tape gun. I like to use my thumb to hold the tape to give it tension when sealing boxes and the roll is so high that my thumb cannot reach it. If you have small hands you might want a smaller, less heavy one. Tape placement is wrong
it was a lot less expensive than the Canon brand but it only worked for a few copies than it stopped making copies. cheaper ink
I followed the instruction the ink came with but the printer was reading low ink. The computer did not recognize the ink either so I had to return the ink and by Canon ink. Didn't Work For Me
Update: I had previously given this a five star review, but after two months the stapler jammed shut and would not open, no matter what I did. It had jammed a number of times previously but could always be opened. I loved using this stapler, but breaking so quickly makes me drop my rating a ton.Staplers aren't supposed to be noticed. They are just supposed to be available when you want them, not break, and put staples through papers. I must say that every time I've used this stapler since I got it to review over a month ago, I take notice.The Swingline SmartTouch is a joy to use. With light two-finger pressure, it punches a staple consistently through small stacks of paper. I haven't had to have a single re-staple. I haven't had to put any thought to stapling; I just put the paper in, push the top, and the stapler seems to staple itself. Refilling the stapler is easy, and I haven't had any problems with that either.It's probably because I have only had super cheap, old-fashioned staplers my whole life, but I love this. And at the price that it is currently selling for (just under ten bucks), no brainer if you need to replace or purchase a stapler. Updated: Broke Quickly
There are no instructions included which makes getting started more difficult. The first problem is loading the staples. A little flag shows to push on the back end to load staples. I succeeded in pushing the knob too hard and it came off. After I made a few more attempts, I took it to a professional, an administrative assistant. She knew what to do but also found it hard to get this opener button to work. She pushed the flagged button and somehow the front staple area opened up. We were both surprised!In an attempt to load staples, she found a entire row (as staples come packaged) would not fit. She broke the strip in half and was able to slide the staples in. She picked up a small stack of papers and gave it a go. She said it was easy to work.Relieved, I returned to my office. When I tried to test it on a stack of about 10 papers, it did not staple and the staple area came open again. I threw it in my desk drawer. Trying it again will wait for another day. So far, not so good. Not a typical Swingline quality product
I'm updating this review months later and downgrading the star rating. It's been my auxiliary stapler but soon will be sidelined completely. The last few times I've refilled staples, the mechanism has not worked properly. It sticks going in -- and out. Moreover, the thing pops open at the least provocation.  The more I look at this thing, the more I see how badly it is designed.----My current desk stapler is at least 35 years old. It's just a standard metal stapler. But, with one exception, I find much to commend it over this Swingline SmartTouch.My current stapler:1. is smaller and more compact; the Swingline is 2 inches longer and 2 inches higher.2. sits solidly on my desk; the Swingline is less stable (but more comfortable if you're squeezing with your hand) and therefore a bit cumbersome. It doesn't sit upright reliably, toppling over with the least provocation, so I rest it on its side. That means I must examine it each time I use it, to make sure I'm inserting the papers at the right end.3. is metal-colored; the Swingline is a dulle3d Pepto-Bismol pink, easy to find on a cluttered desk but not my favorite color.4. doesn't spit out the staple-loading portion at the least provocation.The Swingline's one advantage for me: It easily staples 25 sheets. My old stapler poops out about halfway through 15 sheets, even if I use the heel of my hand to press down with a good degree of force.Because I rarely staple together more than a few sheets, though, I don't anticipate the Swingline replacing Old Faithful. Staples 25 sheets with ease; awkward handling
I'll agree the ink itself is exceptionally smooth, but there seems to be a problem with the ball bearing tip.Perhaps it's due to the extreme angle at which I tend to hold my pen and the rhythm of my stroke, but these pens simply made a mess when I tried to write with them.  The ink is "slippery" and actually globbed in puddles as I wrote; the output was equally bad, whether writing in cursive or printing in block letters.Judging from the many other positive reviews here, I suspect it could be the shallowness of my writing angle.  Perhaps, if you hold your pen upright, this would not be an issue.  But for my writing style, these are a no-go--the finished notes are sloppy and unusable.  No point in writing what you can't read later! I Wanted to Like This Pen
This pen may be the "smoothest pen in the universe" because the ink comes out like it is made of oil. It oozes, clumps, blots and smears. It creates a mess. It's the kind of pen that you find, thinking someone has lost it until you write with it and discover that they just didn't bother to pick it up.I like most pens. I like Bic pens. I do not like this pen. Not this pen
Part of having a pen is that, you know, the ink flows so it can write.  Every time, till the ink is gone.  The BIC "Velocity" (must be ironic, that name) Gel pen fails miserably on this requirement.  I don't know if the tip gets clogged, or what, but these pens have never worked properly even new out of the box, and i end up nearly scratching thru the paper with illegible "start and stop" writing.  Very frustrating, considering they clearly have ink in them Worst Pen Ever.  I had a whole box of these turkeys, which went straight into the garbage. (and Yes, i did remove the plastic tip...maybe that's the problem - that whatever they're using is somehow still clogging the ink flow....sounds like you need to go back to the lab, Bic Boys.) Worst. Pen. Ever.
My girlfriend said these are not only the LEAST absorbent product she's ever used, she said the thin barrel provides NO protection against heavy flow and doesn't fit the contours of her body!  She's going to stick with traditional products and leave these pens where they belong:  in the trash! Not Useful For A Woman's Needs
Be still my fragile, feminine fingers - BIC has created a pen just for women...huh?  Women's pens?  Yes, it appears even pens need to be gendered these days.  Sure, there are plenty of products that are better when designed specifically for women.  Life vests come to mind as I'm now taking sailing lessons - they don't fit people with breasts!  But pens?  Are women's hands really so small and frail that they need a thinner pen?  I beg to differ, but then again I'm a pianist so maybe my hands developed into gargantuan man-hands due to years of practice.  Nice uber-stereotypical touch to make the pens pink, and pastel green and blue.  The pens actually felt quite noticeably thinner to me, which felt off.  Maybe they would be great for children?  Infantilization of women anyone? Are gendered pens really neccesary?
Wow, I can't believe BiC can get away with making such a ridiculous product. I wish there was a &#34;remove this item&#34; from Amazon button. Sham on you BiC, this is not 1956. Un-freaking-believeable
There is nothing special about these pens. They are regular, cheap Bic pens that come in pastel colors that supposedly appeal to women. The pen also seems skinnier than regular Bic pens, and I am not sure why that is supposed to appeal to women or to men for that matter, because I think the pens are kind of uncomfortable to hold. I prefer the slightly thicker pens personally. Don't waste the extra money on these. Nothing spectacular
Horrible pencil sharpener, doesn't work, all it does is break off the tips. You get what you pay for. Terrible. Don't waste your money
I bought this for my kids, my daughter has homework and needs pencils, so I didn't at the time have the money to pay 30 dollars for a built in sharpener. When this was delivered I was disappointed right then. This is like 3 pieces, the sharpener, is inside the black piece and somehow it fell out and I couldn't get it back in, no idea how it worked. Which was okay, for a short time I was able to hold the tiny left over piece until that went missing because it was so small.. I won't be buying one of these again, and I don't recommend.. Worst sharpener.
I am very picky about my staplers and I hate this one.  It is very cheap feeling--lightweight plastic and has an annoying rebound after each staple. I recommend you look at this stapler instead:Swingline LightTouch Compact Reduced Effort Stapler (66412) cheap
Edit 7/13: I have learned that you must use these pens at least a few times  or they completely dry up. I recently discovered that the 1/2 box I hadn't used were all completely dead. However, the pens I had been using still worked fine._________________________________________________________________This is a more pricey pen than I normally use. I wish I could tell you they're worth all the extra dollars. There's nothing wrong with them, they write fine & feel quite nice. They're certainly miles beyond the usual 25 cent pens at the dollar store. I have had better pens for less $'s , though.I have no clue what the benefit of gel vs ink is, I may be missing something there!1 Note that I don't believe anyone else has mentioned: 10 of my 12 pens had a small piece of glue on the point that must be removed before the pen will work. I assume it's  there to stop the gel from drying out. I only mention it as the packaging makes no mention of it & it takes just enough force/effort to remove the glue that i was initially concerned it might damage the pen (it doesn't harm the pen & I now believe the glue is intentional).The box that holds the pens also arrived pretty smashed, but it didn't damage the pens.If this is your normal price point for pens, I have nothing bad to say about their performance.Edit 7/16/11: I've now been using these for a few weeks & my opinion has changed. I have crummy handwriting & these are not nearly as precise as a ballpoint, so it exaggerates my handwriting problem. I would not purchase them. Reasonably Nice But Not Precise; Limited Shelf Life
November 2013.Nice phone.But returned.One fatal flaw.There is a delay when using dial/number keys.I refuse to pay good money for a phone that has this flaw.My old AT&T; cordless speakerphone system has no delay when pressing dial keys/numbers.Hey, AT&T.;  Can't you make/market/sell phones that have the same features - or better- then previous phones?This phone Is a step backwards.I still have my older  AT&T; EP5995 phone systems that is far superior to this phone.My guess is that AT&T; has basically given up on cordless home phones and is now just marketing junk phones and by doing so diluting the AT&T; brand name.This phone was returned and money back. Delay on keypad when dialing telephone number.
I bought this phone to be used for personal and business use the recorder quit working and I was now without a phone. would not recommend this phone had 2 of them neither worked did not work
Bought these phones because the ones I had from Uniden for about 10 years finally went bye-bye. I use the phones several times a day for long periods and have never had a problem with the battery running low to soon or losing signal.**UPDATE** 12/03/2013I bought these phones on October 7th, 2013 and just started having battery problems with 2 of the phones. I called the 800 number listed for them and they tell me they can't send me new batteries for the phones. I will not buy from AT&T; again. I will keep these phones until the go completely out and buy better ones from somewhere else. Don't Recommend
I purchased this because I was so happy with its predecessor, the HL-2140, that I "ran into the ground."  But o'm'gosh, what a disappointment!  It comes with the lower-volume TN-420 cartridge, but that printed less than 1,000 copies of the 1,500 it's rated for (and I use the "toner save" setting most of the time because of printing mostly text versus graphics).  I replaced it with the higher-volume TN-450 cartridge, and streaks are a constant problem.  The online recommended remedy for streaks is to replace the drum - hmmm, did you mean a 1-month old drum?  Also, I print black and gray bold text a lot, and no matter how much I lighten the gray, everything looks black. Problems within the first month . . .
These are a good idea and tried using them on the wall but as soon as you put a few things in them they fall off the wall, the sticky tape just doesn't hold well enough. I wanted to use them for gift cards and for mail sorting but it is a big fail when they can't stay on the wall, the only way to keep them on the wall is to use something else like maybe a large tack. The sticking ability really needs improved on these. Nice idea but won't stay in place
This phone is perfection. It announces the calls, has clear and loud amplification. The buttons are big, the phone lights up when it rings and when you dial, it announces the numbers you are pressing. It has a very clear caller ID display. I have mine mounted on my kitchen wall and it fits the standard plate and mounting screws.  This is a wonderful phone for all. It stores numbers in a phone book and does everything a phone should do plus it has all of the features needed by people who have either a hearing or visual impairment. It is very comfortable to hold and ergonomically designed.I originally gave this a 5-star review, but after using it since February 2013. I am sad to report that the batteries wear ou in less than a day. I even have an extra set of rechargeable batteries in a charger ready for when the phone dies on me. Today two important phones calls were lost because the batteries died in the middle of placing an order for gifts and then in the middle of discussions about my homeowner's and auto insurance.I called the company and they said they were sending me some new batteries. I think this will not solve the problem and am really sad that this phone tuned out to be unacceptable after such a short period of time, but just long enough for the warranty to expire. I updated my review on June 30, 2014. My initial review that was favorable was written in March 2013. Easy to Use, Easy to Hear, Attractive, but doesn't withstand the test of time
Sung to the tune of You should be dancing, yeah!, thisSamsung Color Laser Printer (CLP-325W)starts singing as soon as it is powered on "I will be jammin' yeah!  I will be jammin, yea!"As if that isn't bad enough, the wireless connection is very limited so to set up and change settings, one has to haul it to your pc and connect via usb.  Mine has lost its settings for some unknown reason 4 times and I had to re-set it up and like I set the wireless setup is awful. Unlike other wireless printers that let it and your wireless router find each other, this one has to be connected via usb to your pc for setup and to change settings.it is heavy and takes forever to power on.I can tell it to black and white print, and it will look like it accepted and is going to do it, but when I look at the page it printed, it is in color.how do I hate thee?  let me count the ways......samsung customer support also you might get someone who knows about printers and pcs or you might get a telephone support person who has never even seen a computer printer or one that can not pronounce english well enough that you are wondering if they are speaking a foreign languageMy computer has this printer listed multiple times and I can delete down to just one printer and more will magically re-appear.  This has never happened to me with any other printer and is not happening with my other printers.The only thing I like about this printer is imagining throwing it out of my 3rd floor window onto the hard cement below. I will be jammin' - yeah!  I will be jammin' - yeah!
Worked ok for the first few months.  Now I get really bad color prints.  I have researched it on the net with mixed results.  Samsung has few real troubleshooting resources.  I paid $89.00 with free shipping.  Its not worth that. Steer clear
I had the MX700 Canon prior to their scamming me through their loyalty program when it broke down to buy this one with alleged "free shipping" and a discount of which I would pay more than on Amazon. Turns out it wasn't free shipping at all and the total was $139 giving me with about what I'd pay with free shipping on Amazon.  The sales person also lied this printer was smaller then my former printer as another sales point.The MX700 was far superior to this model, they have stripped the printer's software interface of many of the great features the MX700 had forcing me to use computer settings for scanning that is often very time consuming and repetitive.  It used to be I could choose all the necessary features from the printer itself, but they reduced the choices and none of them work without adjustments on a computer.  It really stinks to high heaven, their engineers must be knuckleheads.This printer is a little slower then the MX700 and it's bottom paper tray has less paper feed while they worked on improving their backside paper feed.  The improvements they attempted to make on this printer are all usefulness and illusory, nothing of any real value when you're in a hurry and need a PDF scanned for a client to email.This is just a disaster printer, and believe me I was all ready to like it upon arrival.  It's a piece of crap and I hate it so much I am going to have to repack it and have Canon pick it up.  It's that bad.  I'm going back to HP now.  Like how dumb do the software designers have to be that it doesn't offer you one PDF for multiple pages that pops up after the scan? Instead you have to check off each one on a lame interface and save it to a folder it forces you to choose.1.  Canon has an additional black print cartridge to buy because they want to make money on their cartridges. Think of the added expense of having to pay for a large black inkwell and a smaller black well. Does that make any sense at all?2.  Canon did not improve the speed of the printer whatsoever, in fact it is even slower than the MX700. It's scan feed is equally just as slow.3.  The design of this printer is also not very good, it's really a very poor design of a round corner box, as compared to the slick MX700 style.They need to fire their engineer team who made this printer worse, not better, than the MX700.  People might be impressed with this printer but they wouldn't be had they experienced the MX700.Finally I thought I'd add how sad it is of the slow progress on print technology these days.  It should have been far more along by now.The Canon sales person lied on the phone to get a sale.  Free shipping my behind! These Reviews May Be Fake - This Thing's a Disaster!
My late husband ordered this printer and I hated it.  After he passed away, I gave it away to a church. Did not meet my needs
Someone at Canon got the clever idea to make this printer "automatically" adjust the print heads by printing the alignment page and scanning it.  There are two problems with this:1. Everything involves messing with the crummy 2-line LCD display on the printer, instead of the pleasant and easy alignment process on your PC screen (like most other printers, including Canon's cheaper products).  This display has bad contrast and no backlight.2. The overall process never makes it clear exactly what is going on, and the user guide on the CD does not match up with what happens on the LCD display.  After the page is scanned and the heads are aligned, there is no confirmation message or test page printed.  I had to make up my own test page to see if the heads really were aligned.  ALso, at one point, the LCD display makes it clear that I should select an OK button to go to the next step, while the user guide says I should press the COLOR or BLACK button (why they give me an option, I do not know).  The user guide is correct (doing what seems obvious on the LCD will end the process before scanning).  You can even tell it to print an alignment page from the software, but it then links you to the manual which tells you to do it from the printer.  And get this: the alignment page printed from the software IS NOT THE SAME AS THE ONE PRINTED FROM THE LCD INTERFACE.  It is a useless page with no apparent purpose.Absolutely none of the setup is obvious or automatic.  During driver installation (about 400MB of stuff), it mentions that you will need to align the print heads, but you have to sift through the software to do that.  There is nothing like a "do you want to do this now?" button as is offered for other printer installs.The scanner isn't helpful either.  I tried to scan a picture, and after selecting all of the options on the LCD, it says "please wait a while".  Silly me, I thought that meant it would start scanning, but it never did anything.  The only way I can get this to scan is by using Windows' included picture/scan program.  There is no scanner option in the "my printer" program which shows up in the system tray.But Canon does prompt you to do ONE thing: register!  Yes, they don't care if you can use your printer, but they really want to get your name and address and will give you a direct link to their website. Horrible setup process
I like everything about this printer except the small and very expensive ink cartridges.  I'm looking for alternatives to the Canon OEM cartridges and I've already had some pretty good luck with that.I found some compatible cartridges that really do seem to be 100% compatible with Canon cartridges and at a fraction of the cost.  I bought these compatible cartridges through Amazon.  I cannot tell any difference between the compatible cartridge print quality and that of the Canon OEM cartridges.  I've printed photos with both.The print quality of this printer is every bit as good as I hoped it would be.  I am very satisfied with the way it prints photos.  By the way, I've used several of the Canon photo papers and they are all excellent and better than expected.The overall use and handling of the printer are very good and the software is very good too, although it might take awhile to learn all of the software that comes with the printer.  I really like the way the front cover, rear cover and top cover open and close.  It's as though you can very quickly "unfold" the printer when you go to use it and "fold it back up" when you are done using it.The paper feeding is excellent.  I never even came close to having a paper jam yet and the paper is super easy to load into the printer.  I like the way the printer goes into the service position when you have it turned on and you open the top cover.  This lets you replace ink cartridges.  The ink cartridges snap right into the print head itself.Unfortunately, it seems as though all the printer manufacturers are playing the same expensive ink cartridge game, so I guess I can't put too much blame on Canon for this.  I'm looking for a good refillable cartridge and ink system now.  I tried one company and that turned out very badly.  But the compatible cartridges I tried worked OK, so far.Update: I'm changing this to a one star because of trouble and expense.The ink turned out to be even more expensive than I had imagined.  The ink seems to run out with very little printing.  I know my ink cartridges aren't leaking because otherwise there would be ink filling up the wells around where the cartridges feed the print head.  I can almost assure anyone reading this that they are not going to like the cost of ink, especially if they are using OEM ink.  The cost is horrendous.But that's not the worst problem.It looks like I might have lost a print head and I've only had the printer a couple months or so and haven't used it much during that time.  The cyan color started to malfunction.  I thought maybe this was an ink clog (it might still possibly be an ink clog), so I ordered a cleaning kit.  I cleaned and cleaned the print head and the problem only got worse.  The cyan color quit working completely after cleaning the print head, but then it started working again about a day later, although it was working very poorly.  It's still bad and that's been several days ago.I did try out some refillable cartridges and the ink that goes with those cartridges from a company that advertises on Amazon.  The cartridges did not work and caused all kinds of error messages and even caused the printer to shut down.  The ink was the wrong color and left a green cast on photos that I printed.  When I went back to the OEM cartridges, the printer worked and the color was immediately corrected.  I also tried some compatible ink cartridges that I bought through Amazon.  Those cartridges seemed to work as well as Canon OEM cartridges.  There didn't appear to be any problem with them.I used the compatible cartridges first, then the refillable cartridges.  As I mentioned,the refillable cartridges did not work at all and the ink color was off.  Not long after this, the cyan color stopped working.  I don't know if there is any connection between the present print head problem and the refillable cartridges and ink.  But I do know that the refillable cartridges caused a lot of trouble and didn't work.  And the ink color was definitely off.  The seller denied this and I went through a lot of trouble with them because of this problem.The bad cartridges and ink came from PrintPayLess and the compatible cartridges (that seemed to work OK) came from Blake Printing Supply.  Please understand that the Blake compatible cartridges seemed to print with the same exact quality as Canon OEM cartridges.  It's impossible to tell about archival quality, though.  That remains an unknown to me, but the visible quality was very good with the Blake product.  I don't know what I'm going to find out later.What I decided on is to try to send a scan of the nozzle check to Canon and see if they can tell if this is a clogging problem or some electrical problem with the print head.  It's impossible for me to tell what's wrong at this point, but I can say with certainty that I don't like the cost of the ink, even if I never had a problem with the printer.  I'm experimenting with photography and I like to print photos.  What I expect to happen (I'm hoping I'm wrong) is that Canon will blame the inks I used on the problem and void the warranty.  I'm not sure if they can do this, legally, but I've read reviews where they've done this to other customers.  I've also read from various sources that the manufacturer can't void the warranty without proving that the problem was with the ink.  But then again, how are they going to prove this?My conclusion: Regardless of the what happens with the print head, the ink is far too expensive with this printer.  The cartridges are TINY and they run out before you know it.  I absolutely could not believe how fast the ink was disappearing.  And there is no sign of leaks.  The printer acts as though it is doing unauthorized print head cleanings.  I don't know if it is, but maybe it does that when you remove and install cartridges.  I'll have to find that out.  When I put in a cartridge, I can hear the printer running and running, but not printing.  While this is taking place, the print head is in the farthest right position that appears to be the cleaning position and where the head parks when you turn off the printer.Update:  I did some checking and think I found the problem with ink disappearing suddenly.  As far as I can tell, this is the way the printer is designed.  The printer appears to be doing head cleanings on its own or automatically.  I've noticed that some other people have also reported losing large amounts of ink quickly with this printer.When I turned the printer on this morning, the printer went through some kind of routine for quite awhile.  I suspected that it was cleaning the print head.  This was right after I turned it on.  Then I did a head cleaning on purpose and the printer went through the same kind of routine with the same exact sound.  So I'm sure the printer is doing head cleanings on its own and dumping huge amounts of ink in the process.  I used up several ink cartridges without doing any printing except for nozzle checks the last few times I turned the printer on.  This is an extreme ripoff.  I'm going to report it as a fraud and give Canon a chance to give my money back before I file a consumer complaint against them.  People need to learn to complain.Update:  I ran some tests and was able to determine that the printer is literally dumping as much as 1/3 of an ink cartridge at a time without even printing anything!  Some other reviewers or people making comments said that these printers do unauthorized print head cleanings and and I can see that this is apparently true.  I also have the problem with the clogged, or partially clogged, cyan color in the print head.  The only cartridge that didn't lose 1/3 of it's ink was the cyan cartridge.  The other cartridges lost a HUGE amount of ink just within a couple minutes during what appeared be unauthorized and consecutive print head cleanings by the printer just a few minutes ago.  I don't know how the printer decides when to do print head cleanings.  The cleanings may be completely random or possibly they occur when the printer knows it hasn't been used for a few days or for some other time period.  But you can bet that I'm losing HUGE amounts of expensive ink.  With OEM cartridges, my loss just during the last few minutes would have probably been around $20.00 and this is without printing anything but 2 nozzle check pages!  Printing a nozzle check page really takes very little ink (as would printing any ordinary page).  I know this because I was carefully monitoring the ink levels while turning the printer on and off and printing only a couple of nozzle test pages.One of the worst losses I've suffered isn't the money I spent on the printer or on ink.  I did use up a HUGE amount of ink.  It's the terrible hours of stress, frustration and disgust because of the trouble with the printer.  This trouble destroyed all the progress I could have made otherwise.  After a while, all this trouble can even start to affect your health.I set the printer aside for a while and went on to get other things done in life that were important.  I will have to get rid of the printer.  The following may sound like a joke, but it is not:  I'm seriously thinking of smashing the printer to bits just to keep anyone else from suffering with it and being ripped off by it the way I have.  I don't dare give it to anyone.  I'm not kidding.  This printer belongs in the dumpster or in a recycling center.  It isn't worth 2 cents the way it is.  My main problem now is that I don't know what other printer to buy.  I'm sure the Canon company isn't going to be much help with advice there.  There is only one possibility for a solution other than throwing the printer out that I can think of, and that is to ask someone here at a place called "The Printer Doctor".  That's a local place that repairs printers.  He might know of some kind of solution to the problem.  I'll update some more if I decide it will do any good to complain in here and if I find out anything else important.  I might not be able to do more testing because I'm out of some colors of ink now.  I went through a LOT of ink cartridges in a very short time.  That's how became aware of this problem.But here's something else:  I put many hours of research recently into inkjet printers and I found out for certain that some manufacturers use a chip to determine the ink levels in the cartridges.  This printer uses cartridges with such chips.  You may already know that.  But it's worse than that.  The chips are designed by some manufacturers so that third party chips can't be used.  This means that you can't use third party ink cartridges.  And some refillable cartridges don't work unless you buy special chips for them and even then you have to keep putting new chips on the refillable cartridges every time you refill them.  Other refillable cartridges require that you remove the chips from OEM cartridges and put the OEM chips on the refillable cartridges.  Then you have to buy a chip resetter to reset the OEM chips every time you refill the cartridges.  Then there's the possible problem with cheap inks.  There must be some good ink out there and some way to use good refillable cartridges, but I don't know what.  I already bought some bad bulk ink from PrintPayLess, for instance.  Bad ink is a common problem!  Be careful!  And there's still the problem of the printer dumping ink.After doing hours or research on inkjet printers and inks, I can see that it's common knowledge that there are printers that do unauthorized print head cleanings and waste lots of ink.  It's also common knowledge that chips are used by manufacturers to keep you from using third party products.  It's also common knowledge that OEM ink cartridges are terribly overpriced.  Some manufacturers even put the chips *inside* the cartridge to keep you from removing it and installing it on a third party refillable cartridge and then resetting the chip.  This Canon printer has the chips on the outside of the cartridge, but the printer is still the worst waste of money, time and energy and suffering that I've been through with just any product I can remember.  I'll have to get professional advice on this (and not from Canon) to really know what to do.  Right now it looks like this printer might be heading for the recycling center.I'm thinking of buying a cheap black and white laser printer so I'll at least have something to print with if I have to make a copy of a document or print an important document for some reason. Literally robs you by *dumping* huge amounts of ink!
Eye piercing blue Power On LED. (It Should be a red or green LED.)The blue light is a big distraction. "Power On" indicator lights should be red or perhaps green, never blue.Google > Blue lights unhealthy &lt; and draw your own conclusions.As soon as I plugged in the USB cord my Macintosh OS automatically asked me if I wanted to install the drivers from the Internet. I selected yes, and was printing 60 seconds later.I went to the Canon website and was unable to find any utility drivers to determine ink levels or other maintenance needs.  These appear to be unnecessary, as they are built into the Macintosh operating system.When this printer is ready for retirement, consider recycling the blue power on LED indicator as an aircraft landing light. Eye piercing blue power indicator LED
These dividers are pretty and will add pizazz to a binder- if you can get them in. Three of the five in the pack I got didn't have the holes punched out of the side. For binder dividers they are also quite thin- almost too thin to support the tabs on each one if they have any paper against them. Pretty but cheaply made...
My daughter was very excited when she saw these. She loved the various designs the purple being her favorite. She got them all set in her new binder and she already tore two of them. The paper is pretty cheap and they have a strange odor too.Would skip and spend a little more money on a better product than this. Cheap product
These would be great for a project  that gets light and gentle use.  They look good but they will not stand up to any sort of hard use.  They are also not erasable not even with a pencil.  One of those things that looks great on your monitor, but is not practical for everyday use. Flimsy and not erasable as claimed.
UPDATE:  The second time I reached for this stapler, it did not work.  I can't figure out why it doesn't work, so now it is just a paperweight.  Change from 4 stars to 1.ORIGINAL COMMENTS: I admit that it took me a good five minutes to figure out how to open this stapler to insert staples.  There is a small photo showing the opened position, but no instructions on how to get there.  Aside from my pathological need for instructions for relatively simple mechanical tasks, I like this stapler.  It may not be as powerful as the 24" model that looks like it's made from battleship steel, but it is a major step up from the average Swingline desk model, and it is very comfortable to use.  The "reduced effort" becomes obvious after you collate & staple 100 booklets of 27 pages each! Comfortable & easy to use
When this binder arrived, we instantly noticed a ripple in the front cover. The "cheap" appearance made us value it at around $4.99 (like something you might find in Big Lots or another such outlet store). We already decided that the item itself was one-star -- the distorted cover, the cheap plastic, and the alarming price tag (again, it's NOT leather and over $20.00) all added up to a "bad product."THEN, we saw the warning label attached to the tag. It literally states that this product contains chemicals known to cause BIRTH DEFECTS and REPRODUCTIVE HARM. How does this product exist?Like some other reviewers and comment-givers, I would not dream of allowing my child to use this ... I would not use this ... I would not give this to my worst enemy. And, as a vegetarian, yep, I would much prefer REAL leather to this vegan, cheap, cancer-causing material.We deposited this directly into the refuse bin. Has a Warning Label that Reads it Can Cause Birth Defects
I rarely receive an item that I can't find at least one positive thing to say about it.  This binder has exactly one positive attribute.Pro:The one positive thing about it is that it is a recycled item.Cons:*  My first thought right out of the package was that it would have been better to not have any artwork.  Truly, the picture on the website looks nicer than it does in person.*  The board is stiff and once opened doesn't like to close again.*  It came with a sticker on the front that when removed left big chunks of it behind and it won't come off the surface without messing up the front of the binder.*  The inside clips are are cheap*  The back of the binder has oily type marks on it that won't wash off.  I'm assuming it is from over-spray of glue that got on it from the factory.My advice --  skip this one. Not useful
I wanted a small portable sharpener.  Unfortunately this does not work.  It is not missing any parts and I tried sharpening with several different types of batteries....the correct kind of course.  Nothing, it spun around and the pencils never sharpened.  Their tips were just barely chewed and I wonder if this is a prototype and that the unit is not properly manufactured to fit the pencil as it is sharpened.Very disappointing.I hope for the company that this is a fluke but even if it is they should really have better quality control.Sorry this is a dud!!!!!M DOES NOT WORK AT ALL!!!!
So, first off the backing that holds the battery in place is coming off- twice now and I've had it for just a few days.  I *really* wanted a pencil sharpener that didn't need to be plugged in, that the kids could use (they keep stealing my cosmetic pencil sharpener which is just a small little thing.  I wouldn't mind except it doesn't catch the shavings and then I have to hunt for it when I need to sharpen eye or lip liner or whatever.)The only way I could sharpen a pencil with this was to open the front cover, take out the batteries, and apply counterforce to the blade as I sharpened the pencil.(runs on two double A's but chews through them fast.My hubs was sure he could get it up and running but we decided to stop when the motor started to smell like something was burning up.Disappointment!  I would have bought one for everyone if it had worked well because the kids are always complaining about not having pencils- they have plenty of pencils, just can't find a decent thing to sharpen them with.  I know you can get plug-in units that work decently- we had a behemoth from like 1970 for ages but it finally gave up the ghost.Anyhow, I could have received the ONE pencil sharpener that as soon as you removed the covering to empty the non-existant 'shavings' the plastic housing would start to come apart.  It sure made a heck of alot of noise like it was sharpening a pencil- kind of like my kids cleaning their rooms- but nothing ever actually got done without me, literally, keeping my thumb on the thing and using it like a non-electric sharpener.It does look small and sleek.  Woo!  I.e. this will make a decent paperweight if you need some non-functional piece of office equipment to take up space(even if it a small space). Zero stars- does not sharpen pencils.
We had a Boston Nautilus SharpenerBoston Nautilus Battery-Powered - Sharpenerwhich recently was dropped and broke. That sharpener was great and had a lot more power than this one, even though it does not have the greatest reviews on Amazon. When we received this one we were amazed how small this one is - not much larger than a credit card from profile. The mechanism looks extremely fragile and you have to push the pencil in harder than on other sharpeners - and you have to hold on to the minuscule unit so it won't spin. A cheap blade is doing the cutting instead of a more advanced mechanism involving cutting cylinders. This causes the graphite to break more easily than in more advanced models - or even in manual sharpeners.UPDATE 1/27/12: The "sharpener" blade still rotates two months later, yet pens are no longer sharpened, no matter how hard I push (without breaking the cheap plastic). I tried various pencils - same result. Batteries get recycled, the rest is in the trash. Don't waste your money. Poor quality - very small and fragile - useless in very short time
Pens are the writing utensil of choice, but I still like to use pencils from time to time, due to their erasability and other factors. The reason many hesitate to use pencils is, of course, the inconvenience of having to sharpen, but this problem is easily remedied with the right pencil sharpener. A good electric sharpener does the work for you, eliminating much of the inconvenience that makes people avoid using pencils in the first place.The Stanley Bostitch Minisharp Battery Powered pencil sharpener is, unfortunately, not the good, convenience- enhancing pencil sharpener I was hoping for. This pencil sharpener is about as simple and basic as an electric powered sharpener could be, with nothing more than a small blade on the inside that looks much like a tiny, manually operated pencil sharpener. It turns when a pencil is inserted, but the problem is that it doesn't work very well at all. At first, I was convinced that I was doing something wrong but I found that no matter how I held the pencil, whether I held it steady or turned it back and forth, the blade just didn't do the job. It sharpened so slowly I gave up and resorted to manual sharpening.Another issue I have with this pencil sharpener is the lack of instructions. You will eventually figure out how to perform tasks like opening the battery compartment, inserting the batteries, and releasing the door for waste removal, but the manufacturer should have provided a simple set of instructions explaining this. Your frustration level is piqued from the beginning, and it doesn't get any better when you discover that the device doesn't work.If there is anything good to say about this pencil sharpener, it would come down to two main things: The compact size and the portability. It is small enough to fit in the tiniest desk space or school bag and because it doesn't have an electrical cord, it can be taken anywhere. I also like the see- through compartment that holds the shavings because you can quickly see when it is full and know when to empty. Compartments on some pencil sharpeners are tinted and you can't really see the shavings very well, which can lead to overfilling. There is no problem like that with this pencil sharpener, but considering its performance, it is highly doubtful the shavings compartment will ever reach its capacity.Everyone who uses pencils needs a good, convenient sharpener but this Stanley Bostitch model isn't one of them. I finally gave up, took out the batteries, stuck my pencil inside and turned it manually. The sharpening was faster and better than using it powered. And this says quite a bit about the quality and usefulness of this device.Avoid it, spend the extra money, and get a better product. You're Better off Removing the Batteries and Sharpening Manually
I picked this from the Vine offerings because I have an 8 year old in second grade, and we have to sharpen pencils a lot.  I've got a really nice manual one that works just perfectly, but thought he would enjoy a powered one.Like most of the other reviewers here, I've found this thing to be pretty useless.It's construction is poor, very shoddy.  And it's pretty much incapable of sharpening much at all, and is a joke when you insert a new pencil that has never been sharpened before.I can't even say it's at least half way decent for the price, since it doesn't even serve as a useful paperweight.  The purpose it serves is a good reminder that usually you get what you pay for. Pretty much useless
QUICK SUMMARY:  If you're looking for a compact, battery-operated pencil sharpener, look elsewhere.Background:  When I got this pencil sharpener, the black plastic housing literally fell off the unit as I tried to open the battery compartment.  Shortly afterwards, a small white plastic piece and another black plastic gear fell onto the kitchen countertop.  I'm not *that* strong, folks!  So I'm astonished that the whole unit would disintegrate in my hands just by my opening the battery compartment cover!  My wife figured out where the white plastic piece was supposed to go and tediously put the thing back together again so it could work.  I would have just pitched it into the garbage.What I HATE:- Poor quality!  Might as well buy a box of Crayola crayons that have a sharpener built-in to the box.  You'd have better luck with that.- Poor design!  The unit should not fall to pieces just by opening the battery cover.- Most battery-operated devices show polarity and/or battery position inside the battery compartment bay, so it's perfectly clear how to install the batteries.  With this poorly-designed unit, it's not obvious how to install the batteries, and the polarity is shown confusingly on the body of the sharpner, which, depending on how you're holding the pencil sharpener, can lead you to installing the batteries incorrectly.- Worst of all, we couldn't get a very sharp point on the pencils we tried sharpening.  The rotating razor blade will dull quickly if you use it much (presuming you *can* use it).  You'd be much better off with those little throw-away, pencil sharpener razors.  They take up almost no backpack space, don't use batteries, and would do at least as good of a job as this pencil sharpener does.Conclusion:  If you read this review and still buy this pencil sharpener, you have only yourself to blame. It literally fell to pieces in my hands
I bought this at walmart at Christmas after hearing how good it was on ink...wish I had bought an HP...in 4 weeks I have gone through 2 packages of ink cartrages (I do not pirnt much either- would not have even used 1/2 of the first pack of in on an HP)...also the machiene is moody and uses electric doing things when you have not used it- I leave it shut off when not in use...I will never buy another printer from this company...I thought after so many years with pictures kodak would get it right Not worth your money
Do not buy this garbage!  This is the worst printer I have ever come across and I have come across a lot since 1989.  After the original ink that came with it ran out (quickly) when I replaced them with Kodak cartridges the calibration test page was missing a lot of black and colors.  Called customer support and he tells me I need a new print head (already)?!  Okay, send me one.  They send the wrong one!  I call back and tell them it might help if they sent me the right part.  Finally receive correct print head.  Works again.  On about the third cartridge replacement it does the same thing.  I tried calibrations and print head cleanings all with the same terrible results until it runs out of ink after only printing about 10 test pages.  Throwing this made in China junk in the dumpster where it belongs.  Update 3/9/13 - To add insult to injury when I picked it up to move it for it's trash can body slam there was a big puddle of black ink on the stand it was sitting on!  Will never purchase Kodak again. Worst Printer Ever!
too complicated to use. just couldn't figure it out. ended up having to return and I'm pretty tech savvy. We ended up buying an Ooma device instead - much simpler. too complicated to use
i have  sevral orders i placed here amazon for my maching ink tanks for my printers-- my screen shows fraud-  not real hp brands-the seelers sent me back one tank  same  B.S.  others have found same problems  and many of the ink tanks dont fit.there packed and marked as hp--  no there retail-- used for store displays  or just use up the stock.hp has given out a online form when fake ink tanks apear  and it gets reported.  fraud--dont risk your ptinter with these as hp will not repair any of there printers that had  wrong  brands  HP INK--IN QUESTION.hp does not give out personal info when reported  only where they were bought-- how much $$?  the companys are in fault are closed down  pays heavy fine$  PLUS admit on sales there not real hp-  NOW THE FBI GETS INVOLVEDOTHER COMMENTS HAVE MADE A RUDE MEMARK ON MY SPELLING-- IM A VET. I WAS OVER SEAS AND HAVE CLOSED HEAD INJURY  SO IT EFFECTS SOME MOTOR CONTROL.I do not work for hp or amazon  or another company---- R ETAIL  -FRUAD
I am so sick of HP forcing me to buy a new cartridge every 6 months.  I swear I have not printed more than 150 pgs and the darn XL size cartridge is already empty. Its maddening.  HP really needs to get back to the basics and start making some quality products instead of trying to squeeze money out of consumers for their shareholders.  My advice is shell out the extra cash up front for a Xerox printer, and save money in the long run by not getting raked over the coals with these cartridges. I will not be buying another HP Printer
This product is extremely overpriced for the microscopic amount of ink provided.  HP printers are excellent except for one thing:  They are intentionally designed to cost you an arm and a leg to print.  The cartridges have to be frequently changed because of HP skimping on the included amount of ink.  A real letdown.  Look for another printer if you want your finances to remain solvent. Horrible - An Absolute Disgrace
WARNING: DO NOT BUY AN HP! IT WILL SUCK UP THE INK AND THE MONEY IN YOUR WALLET. I purchased the HP Photosmart Premium printer 6 months ago and I usually print on Black draft ONLY. I rarely use color. I ran out of color ink and color photo black twice. NOTE: I DID SAY I RARELY USE COLOR. I will also add that I did print only 3 4x5 photos. I am a retired photographer but rarely print my own photos. I used less than 300 sheets of paper printed on 8 1/2 x 11 paper set on Draft black only.  IF YOU BUY AN HP YOU ARE ASKING FOR DISPOSABLE MONEY. Donate your money to a charitable organization instead of buying HP printers or ink!!! I would rate HP a ZERO star if they had one!!!!!! Amazon should create a "Stay away" category instead of a start. This rip-off doesn't even deserve one star!!!!!!! Best Buy said that the ink will evaporate. Well if that is true than so did my hard earned money. I will go back to Epson for a more efficient printer. HP 564 Ink Sucks Ink disappears
This product is half the size at almost the same price. There's really not much else to say. Why HP has chosen to break customers in their products when they buy genuine HP is beyond me.With the old cartridge, I used about one cartridge every two-three months doing regular office work and proofing without fading or streaking. With the new cartridge there was streaking after only a month. This is where you really loose money. With the old one you could use twice as much, and only have to deal with fading every once and a while, with the new one, you loose the last little bits in two cartridges instead of just one.This is not only chintzy, but bad for the environment. For the same amount of ink you use twice the plastic and twice the packaging, not to mention the wasted paper and time from dealing with fading more often.Anyone that buys a product based on quantity expects to get it. Wake up HP! You have competition from companies like Lexmark that boast 500 pages on a single cartridge for five bucks. Better go with the CB321WN. This one is a rip-off.
I think this ink is counterfeit! It is advertised as an authentic HP ink cartridge. We bought this a month ago and it ran out of ink within a month despite barely using our printer. We also got a package from a different retailer with other colors, and they are all completely full. I'm really angry we got duped! Don't buy these. Possible counterfeit, dried up in weeks
This product is big and heavy and takes up valuable space on the desk, and there's nothing to rest the individual sheets on so you can write on them.  I much prefer writing a note directly on the pad and then pulling the sheet off and sticking it on the paper or object.  If you put the dispenser in a drawer, it doesn't clutter the desk top but takes up needed drawer space.  It still doesn't allow for jotting down a note quickly.  There's too much of a procedure involved.  This is a device that makes a task more difficult, not easier. Poor design, Too big
First of all Kodak printers are garbage.  Then to rub salt into your wound these cartridges are not full and don't last at all!  Will never waste another penney on Kodak ever again! Save your Money!
The layout of these labels are exactly like Avery 5160, however the quality is not as high as Avery. Okay so I have no problem when I print labels one sheet at a time but when I need multiple sheets and print from my printer's tray these tend to stick together and my printer will pick up 2 sheets at a time or get confuse and print part of say like bottom of page 1 on bottom of page 2. Sometimes it also get jammed because they tend to stick together. At this price you expect that the quality would not be the same so overall I give it 4 stars. Good labels. Same layout as Avery 5160 but they stick together
We use netalk duo voice over IP for our phone service since it's two bucks a month.  We have an older Panasonic cordless phone that works fine with it but these newer phones had a huge latency and echo problem.  Reading the reviews, apparently it's a common issue if you are using VOIP.  While they are feature rich and probably work fine with a hard line setup, they are useless for my purpose.  Fortunately, Amazon is great about returns and so will now try a V-tech system since others have been happy with that on a VOIP system. Horrible phone if you have VOIP
The KX-TG7645M does not have speed dial capability!!!  This is unheard of in this day and age.  Amazon is making me pay for return shipping for this.  Don't buy this if you need speed dial by pressing one numeric button. WHAT - NO SPEED DIAL !!!
Revising my review to say that I would never use these again. After putting up a few light things around the house, I decided to take one down off the wall. I peeled it super-gently and the paint came right off with one of the tabs. Then another one fell off my door and also took the paint with it. Needless to say, I'm really annoyed and now need to paint again. Back to Fun-Tac! Took the paint off my walls!
i was hoping for a nice small elegant looking post it note dispenser.  the thing is like a big clunky rock.  too cheap to send back.  i'm not loving it.  it works well however to dispense the post it notes.  just not what i wanted. too bad it takes up most of my desk
Since the GE phone I've been using was on its last legs, and having had very good experiences with Motorola in the past, I jumped at the opportunity to test out theMotorola DECT 6.0 Enhanced Cordless Phone with 2 Handsets and Digital Answering System L702. I have used several different brands of both corded and cordless phones through the years and usually have no difficulty learning how to use a new phone. This was the exception. Easily this is the worst phone I've ever used, mainly because of the convoluted design of the functions.The only pro:- I liked the size and feel of the handsets with the rubberized edging, which make it easy to hold on to without fear it'll slip out of my hand.Cons:- Number 2 handset would not hold its charge from day one, I've done all the manual said to do in this circumstance to no avail. Number 1 handset would only hold its charge for approximately 48 hours with little or no use.- It's hard to maneuver through the system. Some of the keys wouldn't work unless pushed 3-4 times, especially the up, down, left, and right keys, which are used often.- Transferring numbers from CID list to phone book was annoyingly difficult.- No shared phone book between the phones, so each number has to added to each phone separately. The same goes for deleting numbers off.- Dual functions on most of the keys make using the phone extremely difficult and confusing. If you get this, better keep the manual handy.- Both numbers on the Call List and Messages were too easily deleted due to the complicated process Motorola set up. Most of these were accidentally deleted because of this.- Cannot screen calls, the messages can only be listened to after they've been left.- No jack for a headset or ear buds.- Cannot be mounted on a wall, table/desk set-up only.- Receiver can't stand up, they have to just lay there and rock.As I said before, I'm no dummy when it comes to using new phones and expect there to be differences between phones that I have to get accustomed to, but this is ridiculous. I am so disappointed that Motorola has put out something this inferior. I'm not exaggerating when I say I hate this phone. I would not recommend it at all. In the meantime, I ended up buyingPanasonic KX-TG6672B DECT 6.0 Corded/Cordless Phone with Digital Answering System, Black, 2 Handsets, which I have absolutely loved so far. Very user unfriendly!
Ouch! I was just about to sit down to write a rave review. The product had been performing as advertised (dropper applicator worked fine and cap wasn't getting stuck). However, when I just now picked it up to give the bottle another glance, glue spilled all over a small portion of my fancy new dining room table and on my laptop. I wiped up most of it with a paper towel, which is now stuck to my thumb and several fingers. Unfortunately, we did't have any acetone in the house. (might want to have some on standby if you're going to use this product!)The glue leaked out the side of the bottle... around one of the seams of the magic "button" on both sides that gives you that precision one drop at a time. I'm sure it was a fluke... a bad bottle, but given the fact that my table now has a big smudge mark of super glue on it, the return key on my MacBook has a low rise crater and my thumb and fingers are hurting from the pain... I can't recommend it, although I'm not selling my 3M stock... at least not yet.One recommendation, keep the bottle upright when not in use and don't squeeze the sides until you're ready to use the dropper. The Bottle Leaked
As a vine reviewer I received this product free from Amazon to rate.  I opened the product and put the cap on intending to use it soon.I left the room and when I got back I noticed the bottle had tipped over, I went to pick it up and it was stuck to my counter, I grabbed my knife to try to scrape it off the counter top and my fingers got stuck to the knife, it was very hard to get off. I moved the bottle and my fingers stuck to it. There was a puddle of this glue on my counter I do not know how that happened since I screwed the cap on tightly.I now have glue on three fingers including some brown wood from the knife. Some of the bottle is still stuck to my counter, I am very upset over this, the bottle is not stable it may need a larger base so it will not topple over so easily. Leaking glue can become a problem, the glue itself is just like any other super glue but to have a cap that is this faulty is dangerous.I am sorry, but the selling feature for this item is supposed to be the revolutionary Precision Applicator that does not leak or stick.  Sorry it failed on all counts.  I will be tossing this in the trash. Faulty cap
These markers seem cool b/c they're designed to write on fabric and not wash off-however, most sharpies do this already anyway! The thing that isn't great about these is that they are fabric tipped, so they will not write on any smooth or glossy service, which forces you to get out the regular sharpies to do that job anyway, thus negating the need for these all together.  They are fun for art projects like T-shirts or canvas shoes, but like I said, any sharpie can already do that, so after using these I was asking myself-what's the point?! Don't waste your money buying these, just buy a pack of regular permanent markers, which you can get in all the same neat colors that come in this kit! Actually LESS useful than normal Sharpies!
purchased our first set in january 2012 and took it back for a replacement in march 2012...have the same problem in both sets...periodically when replacing the handset to the main base the power goes out ...have to pull the power plug from the wall outlet and plug it back in to get power to it again...i called at&t today in regards to this problem...they told me to use another wall outlet to see if it occurs again...i will, but i had replaced another much older at&t set that was plugged into the same outlet without any issues...i should have kept it...other than this issue we like everything else about the phone set...being we bought/replaced at the same local store it might have been a bad lot from the factory that is causing the shut off of the system... shuts itself off when replacing the handset onto the main stand
If you're using it in a garage or giant shed it's a good idea. The battery drains when it isn't being used.....hmmmm fancy that. It's uncomfortable to use and people always tell me they can't hear me. I have to keep it pressed up against my face to properly communicate. Garbage
I have had trouble with this printer since I received it  11/16/11.  First I couldn't get it to print in color than the  ink ran out in after about 3 weeks.  it was the ink that was in the box with the printer.  I purchased new ink and since it isn't Canon ink it doesn't print everything or it  says I am low or out of ink and they are new cartridge.  I did call customer service in Dec. about about the color (which was their ink) and they couldn't  help.  I got new ink.  the  printer  only prints sometime and says  it is low in ink or there is no ink.  I called again and they  said they couldn't  help this time because I wasn't their ink.  I told them I even had trouble with their ink too but since it was over  15 days they couldn't  or wouldn't help me help me.  I  DON'T  recommend this printer or company too anyone. canon mp280 printer
I am very technically proficient in networking.  Brother is not.  I suggest anyone considering the MFC-7860DW read the one star reviews.Brother wants you use a USB cable between your computer and the Brother device to set up wireless initially.  The software did not properly set up the wireless network using this method.  I then attempted to use the front panel on the device to configure network settings.  Unfortunately, the software/firmware on the device has problems because it would not permit inputting certain common characters used for network keys.  The manual states those characters should appear by pressing specific buttons, but in the case of this unit, they did not.  The manual is wrong and unreliable.Customer Services acts like you're nuts in believing the problem has anything to do with the printer.  "Not our problem" is Customer Service's manta.  "Must be a router issue."  "Call your router company".Eventually, I was able to get the printer to work wirelessly only after dropping all firewall protection on my computer and the network.  It worked once.  After the printer went to sleep - which is does often - it never worked again.As I said before, Brother may be a great printer company, but they are a lousy networking company.  If your IP address is 192.168.4.102, the printer believes it's 192.168.004.102.  Do you want your printer to work wirelessly?  Does that mean your computer is connected to the router via wireless, the printer is connected to the router via wireless, or both?  Most people have mixed networks, and the answer makes a huge difference.Brother never through about adding connectivity beyond the first computer.  I assume most people get this printer for it's wireless capability to use with multiple computers.  However, the required software takes you through every single step each time you install it one a computer, even though your printer already has been set up to your router.  Yep, not a networking company.Brother's solution to everything is to delete all network settings and reconfigure them.  This unit goes to sleep every 2 - 3 minutes.  At that rate, I'd reconfigure the network settings 480 times every day, 14,440 times every month, and over 172,000 times every year.  Thanks, guys.Brother troubleshooting software also tries over and over again to get you to set the Brother printer as the default printer.  The troubleshooting software even indicates your problems may be caused by the Brother not being the default.  Ugh.Oh, and the machine is literally louder than my refrigerator compressor even when not in use.Stay clear if you run Win 7 on any machine. Lousy networking for Win 7 machines, manual is wrong, "not our problem"
I think this is one of the worst printers that I have owned in terms of consuming ink. I hate the fact that it uses so much ink in so little time and that you cannot print anything out if you have a full black ink and no color ink. This printer locks up even though want you would want to print is only black. Kodak used to be affordable at ten bucks a pop but I guess times change. Worst printer
This does not work with windows professional 7.  Period.  I got it to work Bluetooth with my MacBook air, but no way with windows 7...anyone have any ideas that will work?  As of 3 communications with HP, they can't get it to work..and no, it's not the computer...the Bluetooth works fine... very frustrating...useless
This is a disgraceful product. HP's printers were once the acme of quality. The cost-cutting of the Mark Hurd CEO era has made them a brand to avoid.I won't list all this printer's problems. Just read the many other one-star reviews. The paper feed is unreliable. The Bluetooth does not work. The on-off power switch fails frequently... My final straw was the print overflow tray reporting it was full which blocks ALL printing. After finally locating the part -- a challenge in itself -- the cost was $15 plus $11 shipping (it is tiny and weighs less than 4 ounces), the replacement doesn't work, leaving the printer useless. I should have junked it a month after buying it, but it is expensive and I was reluctant to admit to wasting the money. I threw it out -- a dreadful piece of overpriced, badly made, unreliable junk.Avoid, avoid, avoid. Abysmal in almost every way
These shapes do not functionally stick to anything.  I tried them on my fridge to hold up a postcard.  The shapes will stick at first, but they peel off within an hour or so.  They will not hold up anything more than a few minutes.  I tried it on the wall, and it fell off quickly.  These do not work at all as intended. Does not stick
Original Review:Well, these are cool. I stuck a piece of note paper to a mirror and it works great. I've peeled it off both the mirror and the paper several times with no problem. Didn't leave any residue behind, but it wasn't on the mirror for very long. The directions say to put the shapes on the back of the item you want to stick up, but I don't see why they couldn't be put on the front if the item isn't too thick.July 10, 2011: I pried the stickables off of the microwave.  Yes, pried.  They were really stuck, but they came off of the paper with no problem.October 31, 2011Yes, these stick very well, but they collect dust and pet hair like crazy. I didn't remove the top protector on them and they're still a mess. And what do you do with them when you're not using them? I put them back on the sheet with the unused ones, but it's a pain. Use magnets when you can and painter's tape when you can't. Sticky, Stickier, Stickiest
I was really excited to get a nice pack of pens for a really great price with a good variety of colors. They come out of the package with wax/rubber on the tip, so you are assured they are not dried out.  For the price, this definitely cannot be beat.  You will not find a product anywhere else for this quality.That said, I was not overly impressed by the quality of ink per say.  Its ink, just ink.  Its not bad ink, just ink.  Nothing impressive to write home about it (pun intended).Would I buy these pens again, yes.  Are they my favorite pens, no.Edit:  Everything above this was my original review, but here is my update.  I hate these pens.  They constantly leak.  I have some at home, 2 in my purse, and a couple in my backpack (I am in nursing school.)  And every single one of them has leaked.  The first few, I thought were to my fault so I would take the pen apart, clean the inside and put it back together.  But the orange and pink pens I have never used and they have also leaked!  I have given up and have decided to throw the whole set in the trash.  I don't want anything else to be ruined.  I would give these pens zero stars if I could. great variety of color, but they are just pens *updated - THEY LEAK*
I got these because I like to balance my checkbook with a different color ever month.  I was in the market to expand on the color I used as new colors have come about.  I found highliters the same rainbow colors, red ink/pink highliter, black ink/yellow highliter, pink ink/pink highliter, green ink/green highliter, purple ink/purple highliter, orange ink/orange highliter, blue ink/blue highliter.  I was all set.  Then, within days of being in the canister, the green ink exploded twice, just like the cheap old pens of yester year.  If you're not old enough, you may not remember it. I got rid of all of them, I don't like exploding pens, a waste of money! I searched for rainbow colors and found them in Pilot G2 and got them. I've used Pilot G2 Gel pens for years for checks as they can't fraudulently wash off your signature and the amount. I use highliters for debits that haven't cleared, so I want to have a different color to keep it all straight. I can keep the color straight by singing the rainbow song in my head.  If you want colors and you don't mind ink on your hands and cloths, these are fine.  However, if you want serviceable pens, don't buy these. Paper Mate InkJoy 300RT
I just can't figure out why these notes would be transparent.  You can see through aobut 5 of them but why would you use them?they don't tear either so when you throw them out and if you have personal info on them, you would have to shred them.the writing surface is smooth for writing and it doesn't smear.i just can't figure out why someone would need them. can't figure it out
These really do not work at all. First, I wrote on one and stuck it to my computer monitor. Within an hour it fell off. The key thing you want from a sticky note is for it to stay stuck when you put it somewhere. These are failing on the "stickiness" test.Second, the colors are too dark, and when you write on them with a blue or black pen, the contrast comes out low, and what you wrote does not show up well.Overall, this product is pretty useless for me. I like the original Avery much better . . . they stick better, and have better colors. Not as Good as Post It
The installation:With the chips, technically, the printer won't recognize this is not a Canon print head. However, after two days of replacement, I began to see error u052. The printer refused to recognize either my old original ink heads nor this ink set you are watching. I switched them and tried different combinations, printer won't work. Here's my solution, it might not be universal: turn off the printer and turn on. Before the system completely loaded, open the ink cartridge cover. Wait the screen displays a message says you opened the cover. Then Release the cover, the printer should come back. During a few minites of initiallation, my printer was shouting.. I believe the sound is different from using the original ink. After installed, I printed a couple of pages and pictures.The print quality:B&W;: B&W; pages are just okay. Compare with the original Canon ink, it's less solid, less sharp and less black. Feel like water in it. It does the job though! for the price!Colors: colors are completely messed up. They probably used the wrong tag! the red and blue are switched! sometimes it gives me red hair... like half red half black and the rest of them are rainbow color... All I got are funny colored pictures and photos. The photos printed by using this ink I call them - TRASH! None of them is even OK, and the photos are not sharp at all! Plus the wrong color makes it much worse!Overall:The packege is decent and it works for B&W; pages. However, don't dream about color printing... it won't do it.if the colors worked I would give a two or three stars because the colors are not good. I should refill it by other good inks.Moreover, I believe the ink will damage my printer because the terrible quality. However, after a refill I believe it's gonna be OK.I would recommend it if refill is ready. The pigment is just too bad. According to another reviewer, the wrong tag problem might not be universal, take your chance?Not recommend to most Canon users, the OEM ink head is perfect (and expensive). The decision is yours. Color messed up, printer sounds like dying, be aware of the error U052..
Guess you get what you pay for; I thought there couldn't be all that much difference in copy paper but I was sadly mistaken. This stuff sticks together, jams all the time and no matter how many times I leaf through it before putting it in the copier or printer, it sticks together and wastes the job.  Going back to spend a little more on better quality. Think I'll line the kitty tray with the rest of this. I HATE THIS PAPER!
I'd had poor luck with 2nd-party ink in the past, but was encouraged by all of the positive reviews here for this product. Besides, the price was very low. It seemed like I'd found a very good deal, but I was wrong. When I removed the sealing tape from the output hole of the large black cartridge, PGI-225, ink spurted out with force, hitting my shirt, my shoes, and my floor. It created a large mess that will cost much more than the price of the ink to clean up, if cleaning up is possible.I live near Denver at an altitude of 5200', which is presumably why the ink squirted out. But I have used Epson, HP, and Canon cartridges here and never had a problem before. 2nd-party cartridges, as I mentioned, were often not satisfactory, but they never squirted ink.If you live at lower altitude, maybe this ink will work fine for you, but I cannot recommend it. Ink leaked everywhere.
Setup was a breeze, Had it up and running within 5 minutes from unboxing. The image hole fill function is nice, It even features a blur/smudge correction so that those copies look professional as well. That was the good news, Now here comes the bad news... It gets hungry, ALOT, so much jamming it throws me back to the injet printers of 2001.. Total nightmare, photo paper jams, copy paper jams and it's just ridiculous.. Didn't even try any fragile documents after 15 minutes of jamming. This one is just a no go, not worth the headache, especially if what others are saying about "no technical support" It likes to eat paper.
Okay, I was trying to save some money and went for this non oem product, normally i use TN450 from Brother.First no problem with the shipping as this was fulfilled by Amazon, the only thing was I wish seller would change the price to $25 so non prime members can get the free supersaver shipping. Dont think customer will mind the extra penny.Second no compatibility issue, easy to install and my printer HL-2270DW recognize the toner right away.Third this item is suppose to be equal to TN-450 but it is not. This printed great when first installed but the print outs quickly faded. Now I kept all my print counts from the TN-450 and this product as follows:The TN 450 printed 1556 pages prior to low toner light, an additional 543 pages before the change toner light or 2099 pages.  However I got an additional 276 pages after overriding the change toner light (hit the go button 7 times) for a total of 2375 pages.This on the other hand has only printed 1041 pages before it is now too faded to continue use. Also note this doesnt give you a low toner message as TN450 toner.Overall it actually cost more to use this product as you need to change this toner more frequently than the TN 450 so go with the brother product and not this piece of crap. Not TN450 as suggested
Based on the description, I was expecting these sticky notes to have a glue strip at the top and bottom... or at least a double strip at the top... or something? The package I received did not have a second strip at  all. They are only sticky at the top, like regular sticky notes. I don't know if I received the wrong product, or if my expectations were wrong. In any case, these notes are less sticky than some other brands I've tried. Still usable for some applications, but definitely not outstanding. not what I expected
These Made In China labels are horrible. I do not recommend purchasing them. Basically they are so cheap that they jam your printer, and out of a sheet of two, you are lucky to one scrunched label out of the two.They advertise they are heavy, but they are not. Go buy the real ones from Avery. Horrible Labels, JAM PRINTER
I ordered two cartridges the same time.The 1st, which was installed in April was easy to use and change on the Brother printers.The Instructions were clear, unit is clean and offers a green option of returning by mail postage paid for the used oneThe 2nd one I tried to install today (late May) is 100% useless!  I have followed the instructions, and installed it 5 times.  The brother printer keeps telling me to replace the toner.I am obviously past a "warranty" period and rather than reorder more, I now will have to go to the office supply store for one that I need today.Disappointing, to say the least.  From a 5 star to a 1 star rating.Dr. John Hogan CHA CHE CHOHospitalityEducatorsHogan Hospitality WIDE RANGE of OPINIONS FROM SAME ORDER
Very disappointing product, very cheaply made. I hate plastic, so I should have known better in the first place After this got destroyed and the sharpener dulled very quickly, I found a German-made metal sharpener that continues to work very well for my colored pencils when the get too short for the electric sharpener. FELL APART REALLY FAST
I'd assume that this pencil sharpener is designed and manufactured to work with Prismacolor pencils.  It may be me - I don't have much gripping strength - but none of my expensive Prismacolor pencils have sharpened evenly using this device, and since the lead of these pricey pencils is invariably broken inside the casing, this sharpener quickly clogs up with lead and wood shavings and it is a chore to pick out the detritus.  I prefer my old electric Swingline sharpener.  I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone who has any gripping problems, it actually is painful trying to use this product.  In disappointment, I threw this pencil sharpener in the trash. High-priced and poor performance
The top is very hard to open to dump out the shavings. It will quickly break as the top layer of the cover separates from the piece of plastic it's lightly glued to, and then you are stuck. Bad
I bought a set of 132 Prismacolor Premier pencils, and this sharpener. Two of those pencils were down to half their length before I had even used them more than once because the first time I tried to sharpen them, this sharpener kept breaking the lead. It broke the lead in almost all of the pencils, but two of them more than the others. I finally followed the advice of other reviewers and bought a Derwent battery operated sharpener, and I have not had a broken lead since. Breaks lead
This model looks a good buy--but it sharpens art pencils in the smaller opening with points that immediately break as they are not shaped properly. As well, you (at least I could not) figure out how to open it. I tried sideways swivel, turn, ect. Maybe I got a dud, but I wouldn't bother with this! worthless
I bought this pen because it was a papermate & the ad said it was good but it isn't. it leaks & half the time it doesn't want to work. not a good paper mate pen
I really wanted to love this printer, I really did. I was having connection problems since the beginning and called Epson tech support for help and they were useless. Once I did get it to print the quality was horrible for a wide format printer. Disappointed
Aurora AS810SD 8-Sheet Strip-Cut Paper/CD/Credit Card shredder ($29.99) is the same unit.BUT It seems to be overtaxed with a CD or Credit Card.  Worst feature is a "U" shaped plastic extender that allows you to place the head unit over a larger waste basket.  Breaks with the slightest pressure from the top.  ALSO this unit increased 25% in one week!  Was $30 now $39?  Get a NAME BRAND.  NOTE THE Aurora AS810SD 8-Sheet Strip-Cut Paper/CD/Credit Card shredder:  It is EXACTLY the same unit (look at the pics!) for 25% less!!! Moans and groans - Top breaks easily
I was really looking forward to using these folders since they have pockets for a variety of items, including discs.  Unfortunately, the folders are very, very flimsy and not at all sturdy.  These folders cannot withstand any slightly rougher than normal use or they going to tear and be less than usable.I can't recommend them. Too Flimsy To Be Useful
Only hate it because it doesn't work where we need it to work. I thought I had researched enough to know that this would work on the display. But it didn't. Didn't work for me
cant store after storing for months can not use for very long guess it dries up cant store after storing for months can not use for very long guess it dries up cant store
First of all this was really difficult to get into the ink cartridge slot.(HP Deskjet F2210 All in One) The black HP one clicked right in and I had to fight WWIII to get the colored one in place....Also HP does not recognize this cartridge as the printer does some other non OEM cartridges so ink levels never shows up.Now after printing  just a few colored documents, the printer tells me I am out of color....I continued to try to print color and of course it did not work....I got nice black and white prints....but no color.....So I am questioning just exactly how much ink is in this cartridge.....I suspect not much so I got what a paid for....not much....I don't recommend. Spend a bit more and get either HP or another brand....Update June 4, 2011- I noticed in this 2nd pkg of the colored cartridge is a little note tucked under the clip you pull off and discard: "Please be aware that due to new programming features in printers the ink level for this cartridge might appear empty" This note was not on the other color cartridge. They are right: it always shows no ink !!! I ordered 2 packages of 2.....I'm bummed !!! Disappointed in quantity of ink
I bought these because I wanted to line all 3 monitors up horizontally. All 3 of my monitors are identical. They are 23" Asus LED monitors. Assembly of this stand was pretty straight forward. I had to cut a hole in my desk because I have a corner desk and mounting it at the corner was over 2 feet away and the monitors were too far back.I didnt mind cutting the holes but the thing that really got me upset, is after all of the assembly, the monitors do NOT line up. I used a level when I mounted each monitor, they are all level. The outside monitors are 2 different heights than the central monitor. Left one is 1/4 inch too low the right one is over 1 inch too low. I was going to use this set up for flight sims but instead I am returning it right now. You cant have 3 different heights with flight sims.I am not sure what version the other reviewers received but mine is unadjustable for height with individual monitors. You can rotate it on the Y axis but cannot move it vertically. I spent over 2 hours trying because most of the reviews here said you could adjust the monitors individually. I must have received a different version.Also I BARELY got my 23" monitors to mount all together. I SERIOUSLY doubt you could get 27" ones mounted.Pros:+ Holds 3 monitorsCons:- Everything else.Thanks for reading my review. Different product than everyone else is getting? Monitors do not line up
I purchased this for my 24&#34; Asus monitors.  There is no flexibility to angle with 24&#34;.  The monitors sit a good 8&#34; into my desk space, so close to my face it's unbearable and hard on the eyes.  Unfortunately I waited 34 days before having time to install and can't return.  If you buy them, try them quickly but I have to give this mount a thumbs down. Not good for 24"
Thin, cheap plastic. Large and cumbersome. Can't wait to get rid of it! Very disappointed. Would not recommend for purchase Ugh!
I bought these to use as flash cards for school.  Though not mentioned in the product's descriptionThey are a different color from front to back, which didn't serve my purpose, as I was using color-coding for several things.  They feel cheap, and the ruled lines are not very well inked, light and wispy.  I won't buy these again. Poorly inked, rough feel
This item is total garbage.  It failed to open the first thing I tried it on.  I had to attempt to follow the first cut line over several times to get it to even cut through in a few spots.  Unfortunately, this left a lot of razor sharp plastic edges/shards.  In the end, I gave up and threw it in the garbage and got out my old trusty kitchen shears.  See my customer image of the blade which also appears to have chipped on the very first usage.  This garbage was useless in less than 15 seconds of use and is very poorly made. Useless and poorly made
I really wanted to like this product, as I have cut myself, sometimes fairly seriously, on a number of occasions using a utility knife to open both boxes and blister packs.  This product seemed to be the ideal solution to the problem, however, I was sorely disappointed with the end results.The concept is fairly simple and seems to be a good idea. Make a lightweight plastic handle with a blade that is sharp enough to open blister packs, while not so sharp as to cut yourself seriously if it slips. In addition, the blade is recessed so that only a small portion extends beyond the plastic so any cut is likely to be shallow.In reality, I discovered that it worked well on the first blister pack, was slightly less effective on the second, and by the third the blade was so dull that I needed all my strength to pull it through the plastic. It did continue to work well for opening the tape on boxes, but it needed a new blade after three blister packs to continue to use it for that purpose. That would get expensive in a big hurry!I will continue to stick to the tried and true methods I have developed for opening plastic blister packs, and will not bother to use this product in the future. Not Worth The Time, Effort or Money
I get a steady stream of small packages into my house and was hoping for a convenient knife that would open them. When I opened this package, the advancement button for the retractable blade was barely attached.  The blade is quite tiny, the size of a "v" in 12 font type.  It might open small packages, but not larger ones and sooner or later tha advancement button will fall off.I suggest getting a conventional box cutter instead. Tiny blade, lose button: get a box cutter instead
I was truly surprised at how bad this was.  The tiny blade is ineffective against most anything.  I could not open a plastic wrap with it.  I found it useless against tape on a box.  Not even sure I would be able to use it as a letter opener.  Save your money and use a box cutter or a knife or scissors for those pesky plastic wrapped packages and whatnot. Waste of space and money
I spend a LOT of money at Amazon, so I'm getting boxes all the time.  I've been using a normal flip open knife I just carry in my pocket to open boxes, but thought this would be an interesting possibility.  It came in easy to open packaging, even the tie holding it to the cardboard wasn't plastic, just a twist tie.  I thought that was a nice touch, until I tried to cut even the very thin cardboard this was packaged in.  And it couldn't.  I could scratch it, but I couldn't cut it except for one tiny little spot where it actually penetrated all the way through in three or four attempts of cutting a 2 inch long slash in the packaging.I got a few other Amazon items today as well, so thought I'd use this then just for the tape.  Standard packing tape with the string in it that's often used by companies who ship things.  Even there it failed.  Barely cut the tape, and only one of the strings was actually severed.So next I pulled out the inflated packaging bladders that Amazon uses to fill space inside to keep boxes from sliding.  I generally squeeze one end to get them nice and pressurized, then use my knife to slice the other end open to let the air out.  This couldn't even manage THAT.  I got, in six different bladders, just one actually penetrated with this, and that was just barely...All in all, a complete fail for me.  The ergonomics of the handle itself are alright, but the button on top to slide the cutter out is just poor and cheap, and I can see how easily that could break on someone.  Add that to the lack of performance on all the things I tried that I would expect it to do make this a poorly executed product in my eyes. Just awful
I'm sorry to say I was disappointed in this product.  It is very flimsy; the button that you slide to extend the blade out in order to use it feels like it could snap off at any time.  It was frustrating to use, because in order to get it to cut through even tape on a package, I had to run it back and forth several times.  Even then, I would get a few holes in the tape at best, and have to rip it open the rest of the way.  I tried it on packaging tape when opening boxes, as well as the paper tape that comes on packages, and it struggled consistently with each.  I do like the safety feature of being able to retract the blade, but that was the only redeeming factor in a product that isn't able to achieve its purpose. Flimsy and performs inconsistently
This is basically a very small razor blade attached to a large plastic handle.  The blade is not replaceable, and so when it dulls, you have to throw the entire thing away.  Setting that aside, the blade isn't sharp enough or deep enough to make a serious impact on the plastic packages that its marketed as being able to open.  If I hadn't gotten this free, I would have returned it. Almost worthless
I really don't see the need for this tool at all. Yu push a button to have a tiny blade sticking out to cut through packaging. But the button is loose. The tool itself is too small and difficult to hold, and I have small hands I tried it on several packages. The blade is not sharp. I really don't see the point of having this extra tool in my drawer. I may as well use my box cutter. Flimsy quality, blade not sharp, no unique feature
I haven't much to share here...I used this to open 2 blister packs (ironically items from Amazon :) ) - it worked on one.  The blade flew off on the second item and it was destroyed.Probably not sturdy enough for blister packs... 1/5 for the effort..would be rated lower if I could. Horrible - broke after 2nd blister pack.
I READ THE GREAT REVIEWS ON THIS PRODUCT AND WANTED TO USE IT FOR MY PURSE. I WAS SURPRISED WHEN I RECEIVED IT. ALTHOUGH IT HAS MANY COMPARTMENTS TO STORE ALL OF YOUR PENS, IT WAS WAY TOO BIG TO PUR IN MY PURSE AND SEEMED MORE LIKE A HASTLE THAN HELP--VERY CUMBERSOME TAKING THE PENS OUT. DONT BUY! TOO BIG AND CLUNKY
I was leery of purchasing an HP printer because I've had problems with any other printers besides lexmark that I'd purchased in the past. When my lexmark died, The wireless versions were out of stock & since I had an HP laptop I figured I'd try an HP printer. I'm regretting that decision now.1. The ink cartridges have to be replaced 2-3 times a MONTH. compared to the lexmark of 1x mo2. the quality of the printing isn't as good as lexmark.3. It doesn't take banners or longer size paper.- my lexmarks did.4. 3 months after I installed it, it stopped communicating with the computer. In order to print anything, I'd have to walk down 2 flights of stairs, turn the printer on and off MANUALLY, then walk back 2 flights of stairs down the hall to my router and turn that on and off!!!!- I had to do this EVERY SINGLE TIME I wanted to print anything! Not being a computer wiz I did not know & shouldn't have to know how to remedy that problem!5. 4th month it started getting paper jams left and right.I finally threw it away because the whole freakin reason I wanted a wireless is so i didn't have to walk down & up 2 flights of stairs to print something. I'm disabled & just walking hurts at night.My lexmark lasted 4 years, I printed on heavy cardstock, even fabric- if it fit in the guide lines the lexmark would print on it. I'll not purchase another HP. Shoulda bought a LEXMARK
This won't work wirelessly with our all Mac household. Returned it.It does look nice and sleek, though. Too bad. Had to return it
3 consistent complaints among users, including me:  (1) Color prints are too red, (2) Ink HOG, (3) Mine stopped working after 3 months with a "Print head is incorrect - install the correct print head" message.  Well, the print head is the original Canon factory-installed one.  I would rate this below zero if I could. Ink Hog + Not Working After 3 Months + Prints Too Red
UPDATE:I've only printed maybe 200 pages with this printer, but it's a CONSTANT problem which means it takes me MUCH longer to get work done. I'm on an extra hour trying to print a presentation of 40 pages.It just decides to stop printing and tells me to turn it off and back on. That usually gets it going, but it takes FOREVER to print a page after you turn the power back on.It uses A LOT of ink, even though I've only printed about 200 pages through it.I'd never buy another Canon product. This is just trash.-----------------------------------------After a power failure, the stupid printer tells me I didn't turn it off correctly.It takes forever to print a page after turning it on after a power failure, and even if the thing was already powered up.It seems to use a lot of ink, and I don't even use the thing. Maybe I've printed 20 pages with it total.I primarily use my old Brother because it's faster. I wanted to replace that piece of garbage because it uses a lot of ink - and won't print if any cartridge is empty. Same thing with this Canon - maybe worse.The ONLY thing I use this printer for is Airprint from apple devices. That works OK - except it takes A LONG TIME to start printing.I didn't buy an Epson (the original Airprint printers) because of the hassles I've had with Epson printers over the years (we used to buy a lot of them)The paper tray in the front is really unfriendly, and the paper tray in the back is extremely unfriendly to use.You'd think the idiots who design these things would try using them for a while to see how pissed off they get, before selling the junk.I really don't know what brand/model is a better printer, but I'd suggest NOT buying Canon, Epson or Brother - unless you own stock in the company.We do have one older Canon MX870 All in 1 printer that doesn't seem to stop printing black when it runs out of color, but the reviews on that printer says it does the same thing as this piece of junk (we hardly ever print color). We mainly use it for incoming and outgoing faxes, and it seems to work OK for that. As a matter of fact the document feeder seems to take as many pages as we give it without skipping any (so far, we've been using it for about a year). We have it on our wired network in-case someone needs to print to it (or we can fax from any PC), and that works when we occasionally need to. Not a good printer - EDITED - Absolutely TERRIBLE printer
I returned this piece of junk because during set-up it ate the paper. Then proceeded to have problem after problem with the seller. My advice? DO NOT buy one of these printers. It should have DEFECTIVE printed where it says Canon. I couldn't tell you if the wireless works because I never got that far. It was too busy eating paper. Nice ink though. Very colorful when smeared. Canon Pixma Printer
I got this on special and was so excited that I bought one for my neighbor also and his print heads went out also so read the reviews before buying a printer but I would take this one off your list ! There is a real problem with the print heads
Printer was received November 3. Installation was done on November 11 but failed because printer would not recognize ink cartridges. Calls to Epson on November 11 and November 15 received promises to overnight new cartridges. None were ever received.I bought new cartridges at Amazon and Staples; and these were tried on November 29. Printer would not recognize them.Amazon return request was submitted November 29. First email from seller, "LowPriceFastShipping," claimed I was beyond thirty-day return period and that they would consider making an exception. I furnished UPS tracking info showing November 3 delivery. Now seller seems now cooperative but did not immediately agree to accept a return.I will avoid this seller and this printer in the future.Dec 2 - Amazon gave me a full refund after my third call to them today. Seller never agreed to a refund and kept asking for more time to review the matter. Dead-on-arrival printer sits in my office repacked in its original box and will go in the dumpster since Amazon said they do not want it back. I grade this Amazon - B, LowPriceFastShipping - F, Epson - F. Can't See Cartridges, Epson No Help, Seller Not So Great
Field test of this Epson Artisan 837 shows the claimed scanner resolution of 4800 dpi is far in excess of actual results. Only 300 lines per inch scanner resolution can be achieved.  (Caveat: this result is so bad that I can only imagine that I scanned the test pattern in `Standard' rather than `Best' quality, despite my selection of `Best').Dealbreaker note: when scanning to USB media, this unit overwrote three prior Epson test results with files of the same name.  That is, it did not check for and correct for file name collision.  That is unacceptable.Other shortcomings noted below.-- Roy ZiderRated : 4800 dpi optical resolution for scannerMeasured: 300 lpi actual pixel granularityScanned: 7/21/2012 12:03 at Best Buy, Oakland, CAScan target: A&P; PM-189 (15 lines in funnel patterns)PRIOR TEST RESULTS WERE LOST - overwritten in USB by this test of Artisan 837.  INEXCUSABLE.Quality selections: `Standard' and `Best' only.  Four tests run at `Best', I thought.Scan to PDF or JPG only; no tiff evidently.Document selection is either `Text' or `Photo'All four tests are rgb 2531 x 3281, irrespective of `text' or `photo'.Pixel granularity is clearly 300 dpi for all test scans.Jpg compression clouds the scan. Epson Artisan 837 is not 4800 dpi scanner
The Epson software provided with this printer installs spyware on your computer in the form of the Ask.com toolbar without your knowledge.A few days ago I found that the Ask toolbar had been installed on one of my systems at a time when no one was at work or using the computers.  It took only a few minutes to find that the offending software was installed by the Epson printer software.  In fact it had been installed on all six computers in my office that had the Epson 837 printer installed.A look at the Add/Remove programs screen also revealed the following software: Epson Customer Participation, Epson Download Navigator, and Epson Event Manager.  All these programs communicate over the internet and all were apparently installed with the Epson software packageI am very frustrated with the endless task of trying to keep all the unwanted junk ware, ad ware, and spyware off my machines.I accuse Epson of sleazy business practices.  How about it Epson?  Have you no shame?  Have you no ethics?UPDATE 11/18/2013  After a recent install carefully choosing not to allow any internet access to the Epson Software, I got a popup from Windows Security Alert saying Windows Firewall  had blocked net access to EEventManager by SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION.  I chose to Keep Blocking the software.  Also got a popup from Epson requesting that I install the LTCM Desktop Client.  This is so called  "non harmful" spyware by Leader Technologies.  And yet another popup from Epson requesting that I become a part of "a new research study to understand printer and ink use.  If you choose to help, your printer usage data will be sent anonymously to Epson."I now think I understand at least a part of why they are wanting to update firmware and track my ink use.  I found one person on the internet complaining that after Epson had updated their firmware the third party ink they were using no longer worked.I would very much like to know what others are observing about Epson's behavior.===================================2/11/2014 UpdateI would not recommend this printer if you plan to use non Epson Ink.  Tried several brands with the two 837s that I own and none have performed for any length of time.  The Epson ink is very expensive. Epson Installs Spyware On Your Computer
Before purchasing I did extensive research on multifunction inkjet printers - after a few disasters with HP products it appeared that Epson had a quality advantage so I switched brands - this printer never has produced the superior photo printing that was expected as advertised - recently it has started leaking yellow ink on every page printed in a variety of globs and stripes - most of the recent negative reviews are about this yellow ink problem with some claiming puddles of ink appearing under the printer - since this printer is now out of warranty the only option I have is to feed it to the dumpster and start my research for a replacement all over again - because of past history with flawed HP printers I am not sure which brand to try next - I would highly recommend you DO NOT buy this printerUPDATE - FEB 2014Epson graciously replaced this printer - the replacement does everything so much better it makes me think that my original printer was flawed from the start - this is what I expected from Epson when I purchased the original WP-4540 - the color printing is spot on and no yellow ink dripping! Yellow Ink Dripper
Here is my original review of this product: (see below for my important updates): This printer is fast and efficient. I was impressed with the nice, vivid colors that it prints. It is super easy to set up/install. I love that you don't even need to plug it into your computer - you can just use your wi-fi. You can print from mobile devices such as iPhones and iPads. The ink that comes with the printer can print about 1000 pages (900 with color). (And of course, you can purchase higher-capacity ink cartridges to print even more.) The paper cassette holds about 300 sheets or more. I love the 2-sided printing feature - and it is fast! The scanning/copying features work great. I feel like this printer has the capabilities of a large office copier/printer, but on a slightly smaller scale for home use.I have been wanting to get a laser printer for some time, knowing that they are more efficient if you print a lot of pages. I feel like I change out my ink SO often that my inkjet printer was a waste of money. Now I don't need a laser printer - my Epson is super efficient and cost-effective. I love that I can have the ability to print a lot of things in color, and still save money on my printing.Highly recommended printer!***UPDATES***Ok, so as you can see I really did love this printer. I printed TONS and tons of things with this, lots and lots of full-color printouts and lots of black and white pages with text. I have had it just over a year. All of a sudden, something goes wrong and there is yellow ink spilled ALL over the inside of the printer. Everything I print out has this big leaky yellow stripe all down the middle of the page. After googling the problem and looking online, it turns out that MANY others have had this exact same issue (always with the yellow ink). I called Epson customer service and they were very nice, but because my printer was past the warranty they could not do anything except recommend I get it serviced. They said that my printer is basically characterized as having HARDWARE FAILURE. They did give me a discount on their website for purchasing a new one, if that is cheaper than getting this one serviced. I would be really wary of purchasing this same printer again, which is really a shame because I got such great use out of it and did love it for a year. Be aware that soon after your warranty is up, your printer will fail. UPDATED: I used to LOVE this printer...PLEASE READ
Printer worked flawlessly for 6 months.-- was a real trooper. Then it jammed, made a very loud noise, and never fed a sheet of paper again. Epson's idea of customer service was I should pay nearly what the printer cost to have it repaired, or to offer me a discount on a new printer. I think I'll buy my next printer from a company that can make a printer that doesn't break when it jams. Overall I think when you consider the cost of ink, the cost of the printer, and how few pages I printed before it died, I'd say it cost me at least $1/page. DO NOT BUY
These labels would be AWESOME if the template worked properly. They did not smudge and they stick well. HOWEVER, the template prints off-center so that the text is not centered and the background color doesn't fill the whole circle. It looks so unprofessional that I threw away the ones I printed. I'll keep them in case I have time one day to fiddle with the template to make it correct, or have a use for them that doesn't have to look professional, but otherwise it's pretty disappointing. I printed them with the label paper facing both ways (top in and bottom in) and both times it printed incorrectly. I don't know what others are doing differently, because it gets good reviews. Very disappointing
I bought these to print information for my son's birthday party invitations (homemade).  But, even though they are advertised as working with printers, they were too thick to run through the auto or manual feed of my Brother laser jet printer.  So, I ended up handwriting on them. Does not run through printer!
I wish I could give this a negative amount of stars.  I wanted this to run through a printer to stick on party invitations.  But, they are too thick. Does not run through printer!!!!!
I just wasted a half hour of my life with these crappy labels.  I have a good laser printer that  use for professional work on many different paper weights, and I have never had feeding problems.  These labels NEVER fed correctly.  They slipped every time, probably because of the slick surface texture, so I ended up using the entire envelope up without a single correctly printed page.  Most of the time the labels didn't even get up to the printing mechanism, because they slipped too much.And, with the few that I did get printed - although not positioned correctly on the label, because it had slipped in the printer - the ink smeared when I applied them to the jars, leaving them mostly unreadable.  And yes, I even waited after the labels came out to be sure the ink was set.  Still, the slick surface texture wouldn't take the ink, so they smeared if touched.They say they are water resistant, but they aren't even dry finger resistant.Unacceptable. Unacceptable
I did buy this at Best Buy on sale however the current price on line is cheaper now. I absolutely love this printer. It printed 200 very detailed invitations and all the edges where also printed (no borders of white)...printed on white cardstock. I went through 2 colored packs and 1 black and 1 extra cyan color (navy blue theme) on the highest quality setting and no borders plus a lot of preview prints before the final invitation creation was decided on. I got some ink on amazon for cheaper then in the stores that I looked at Target Walmart Best Buy. Best Buy is the most expensive for the ink...Target was close to Amazon pricing but listed at on sale the day I looked. I should mention I used one package of the colored in 127 and  one in the 126...I don't know the difference but I saw somewhere it said the 126 has less ink. Which maybe why I ran out of the cyan so fast when I had the 126 cyan in the printer.I also have used this constantly for my Dad to print double-sided for copies of he business papers, tax forms and other forms we need to keep on file. It has only jamed once and that was because I didn't set the printer to the correct setting I had it on paper with only text and it was a paper that had a picture on it...which did warm me to change the setting but I failed to read it until I tried printing that paper again!I am now trying to print my return address on the large greeting cards and have yet to find how to put it to that setting. It only lets me do envelopes at a 5.5 to 8.5 when I need it to be 5.75 x 8.5. I tried printing one at that setting and it does not look good. I will read online to see if I can find a way to do it. Which by the way Epson has these videos that you can watch that let you actually see on your computer which parts to click on for different projects! I lost my direction book and found the one for doing double sided printing and it was easy as can be!Easy installation! You can go on-line and watch how to do that before you actually attempt it if you worry you might screw it up! I did because I hate fixing my dumb mistakes! I was glad I did!I gave it 4 stars because it has been difficult to see how to print those one envelopes and also my Dell Printer which only prints black ink and the colored ink part broke right after warranty...why I got this one, does copy much better pictures and also is easier to figure out. I don't like how this Epson works for making picture copies and the pictures just don't look right. I will keep my Dell for that picture scanning reason! Keep in mind that I may not have it at a correct setting so don't let that stop you from buying this printer. Look it up on the Epson site first to see if you can change the settings. I don't care for right now!1 year after purchase... printer was working great except that I could never get the bottom paper drawer to work for me which meant I had to go replace my top tray of regular paper with the specialty paper I needed on occasion. Now to the "hate it" part. I spent $100 plus a ton of money on ink on this printer and after the year has gone by with not a lot of use but at least 2 reams of paper used in that year. It jammed and when I went to read the directions on how to pull it out then after following the steps to remove the paper jam it didn't print nice anymore so I read how to fix that and followed the directions for all of those tests to run to fix the issue. Nothing worked and it was past the warranty. My computer person said it would cost half the price of the printer to get it fixed and since it was so big and you couldn't even use the bottom part and it didn't print nice pictures I opted to get a new printer.Funny thing is I read every review on amazon and found these complaints within the really great reviews. Love this printer... edit 1 year later hate this printer
Was decent when it worked, but now after owning it for only 3months, it constantly reports auto doc feed jams, errors communicating with the computer for scans (no problem for printing), and prints blank sheets of paper when making photocopies. constant problems
I decided to write a review of this printer as I sit and wait for it to print 20 pages...its been about 40 minutes. So....The first thing I discovered is that I have to print on the fine setting or higher for my printer to print a quality color picture. This is a pain because it prints slower. Second, I bought it brand new, have been using it less than a month, have not printed a significant amount and my ink levels are much lower than I expected for the use! I bought this printer because it claimed to be an excellent printer with low ink cost. So fair its not an excellent computer or low on ink cost. epic fail x 2.I will say the wireless capability works. I have had no problems setting it up to wireless or printing it from a wireless connection.I haven't tried the copier, scanner or printing photos. I can only imagine how that one would go.Almost 45 minutes later and my 20 color pages (mostly B&w;, with a color logo) are nearly done. And survey says???? This copier is ridiculous. Its so cheap because it does not work well. My advice? Go with a different printer if you want frustration free printing and value your time!Official print time for 20 pages: 49 minutes.  &lt;---- epic fail Epson, epic fail*************UPDATE************So I did figure out how to get the printer to print faster. I have to have it on "quality" setting. This seems to be eating up ink like crazy. I didn't even get to use the printer for three weeks before I had to change the ink cartridges. And as someone said in a review - it wont print unless all the cartridges are at a certain level. For instance, by black went out, but I still have plenty of my other colors, but it wont print with me changing to a new cartridge. I think this is going to be a very expensive printer after all :-/Sarah 3/6/13 Epic fail for Epson - nearly an hour for 20 pages???
Please tell me what magic this contains to make the ink so expensive?  Unicorn horns?  Eye of newt?  How can we produce an entire netbook computer including all the components and the cost of the operating system for $199 yet can't make an ink cartridge for $10?  Disgraceful. Far too expensive for what it is...
I ordered this in April as a replacement when my yellow ran out - just installed a couple of days ago and already marked as empty and needing replacement - the cartridge was sent in a vinyl sealed envelope, not the factory box that is displayed on Amazon so I suspect that this was a refurbished and reloaded cartridge, not factory fresh I had been led to believe - if you get the vinyl pocket packed cartridge, instead of the Epson cardboard boxed cartridge, I would recommend you return it immediately and demand Amazon send you what they picture for this product, not an obvious reloaded used cartridge that ran out almost immediately - the vinyl shipping envelope was marked "made for japan only" which was a clue that I should have taken warning of - shame on you 3Day ShippingUPDATE - I ordered these cartridges directly from Epson for $24.49 - no shipping charges - received FRESH factory cartridges properly boxed - for $3 savings its not worth the grief of receiving reloaded cartridges from one of Amazon's vendors Mostly empty cartridge from "3Day Shipping"
Rating Grade:  big fat F-Since the moment it arrive it has been giving me nothing but hell.Setting it up it didn't work. Had to call company.It finally started working, then wifi won't work. Then that started working after a few days.It print a couple of prints, then tell me I'm out of paper and there is clearly paper in the printer, a new set. When it told me I need paper I only printer 3 papers so far.Then in the same day it told me I'm out of ink and I only had like what a month and used it three times since purchase.Tried it again today. Same thing.I don't want to call the company again going through warranty stuff. I wish so bad I can get my money back.All this trouble for what the company claim the printer can do. It was not worth it for me. I HATE THIS PRINTER
Smead usually makes quality paper supplies. In their defense, 2" wallets as opposed to expanding paper folders are limited in use. Putting 2 inches of paper in them makes them flimsy. I think that the paper thickness of the product has decreased over the years so the stock that Smead uses is not as strong and rigid. Also I did not receive the velcro closure but the rubberband closure. I would have liked the velcro closure though. My recommendation would be to purchase generic wallets as  they would be less expensive and serve just as well. Much Better Expanding Wallets Out There
For the price the Kodak ESP C315 is an acceptable printer for home use. I did have an issue with a paper jam when printing my daughter's book report. Perhaps it's a bit finicky when printing multiple pages at once. My other printer at home is a Canon MG5220. There are things I really like about it, such as the enclosed paper tray for 8 1/2 x 11 paper. I wish Kodak would implement that option, as the open rear paper tray seems to be a major dust & pet hair catcher around here. I like the more efficient ink cartridges in the Kodak printer. Replacing the cartridges in the Canon can be really expensive so this is a definite improvement. All in all, I'd say this is a good printer for using at home.Update- I'd put the Kodak printer back in the box, and was using my Canon until recently. I brought it back out beginning of September when I needed it for printing my children's homework assignments. Within a couple weeks of use I began to have issues with the printhead. I kept getting errors that "the printhead is missing or installed incorrectly" no matter how many times I removed and put it back in. After looking around online I see that this is a common issue with the Kodak series, that some have had to contact Customer Service and get a new printhead upwards of 6 or more times. This is ridiculous. I printed maybe 20 pages total before the issue began. I was able to get a replacement printhead from Kodak customer support but it took nearly an hour on their Live Help before they'd send me one. They first had me try firmware updates and other pretty useless steps to finally prove to them that the error would not go away. If I get the issue again with the replacement, I'll probably just junk the printer (take it to the recycling center) and go back to using my Canon exclusively. There's very little difference in the ink costs to make this worthwhile and I'm pretty fed up at the moment with Kodak's idea of "support." Good for home use until the dreaded printhead issue- Do not buy!
The wi-fi connection is unreliable.  Sometimes it will work, sometimes it won't.  Sometimes I have to restart the printer and it will work.  And it doesn't come with a USB cable, so if you want to work it by having it physically connected to your computer, get ready to go to the store.  It gets paper jams too frequently, is noisy & feels cheap.  The buttons and things just don't have a sturdy feel to them compared to my HP printers I've had in the past.  If you're looking for a new printer, this is NOT it! What a Hassle!
I don't usually take the time to write a review, but this has probably been the worst product I have ever purchased on Amazon.First, you should know that I spent over 2 hours on the phone with Brother support.  They were very respectful.  Only problem is, this machine is a piece of crap.  It's supposed to be a multi-function device, but the only "function" that works on this thing is the printer--so why pay more for the other, dysfunctional, functions?FAXThe first problem is this machine HAS NEVER SUCCESSFULLY SENT A FAX.  I have tried at least 30 times, and some of the faxes are practically blank.  Now, like most people these days, I have digital phone service and one of the settings is for "basic" mode so it can be used with "inferior" digital phone service.  Yet even in basic mode, it has never once successfully sent a fax.  The support people blamed it all on the digital phone line.  I was treated to a 5-minute lecture about digital voice and bandwidth, which started with the statement "we do not support [digital phone service]".  While they blamed the problems on the phone service, they could not explain why I get 5 different error messages for the same "problem."  They also could not explain why I have never before had this problem in 7 years of digital phone service.The worst part is that this machine keeps resending the failed faxes over and over, without me asking it to do so, and it then prints several stupid 1-line reports repeating that the faxes failed.  Well duh!  There was already an error message on screen and a beeping noise telling me that each fax failed--again.  Customer support tells me that these settings (atomatic repeated attempts to fax without change of settings, and wasting paper and ink on numerous/redundant 1-line error messages) are permanent and cannot be changed.SCANNINGNot only does the fax not work, but some SCAN FUNCTIONS HAVE STOPPED WORKING.  I use this machine for online banking, among other things.  My bank's website controls the scanner remotely when I deposit a check online, but the scan/deposit function has recently stopped working and I get various error messages instead.OTHERThere are also a lot of quirks about this machine that I just don't like, but which are not primary functions.  For example: I have my home-office phone running through the fax machine.  Every time I use the phone, the machine and its display click on for the duration of my call; they then shut off as soon as I hang up.  It's creepy and it feels like the machine is monitoring my calls, so I leave it turned off most of the time.  The machine also routes the phone calls somehow.  After half an hour on the phone with my first support call, the representative instructed me to turn the machine off.  When I did so, the call was dropped.  The phone works just fine if the machine is already off, but DO NOT SHUT IT OFF DURING A CALL.  If you do, your call will be dropped.And finally, this thing is just poorly designed in my opinion.*The user interface is not at all intuitive.*The machine periodically turns on by itself and seems to warm up (and use ink?) for no apparent reason and without being sent any data.*It also prints A LOT of reports.  It prints a report every time a fax fails.  It prints a report every time the network settings are changed.  Some of these reports are 1 line and say something like "network setup OK."  I find myself asking, why did it waste paper and ink for this?  My hours on the phone with customer support revealed that all of these are permanent settings and cannot be changed.*Good luck using basic driver functions.  I hate how hardware manufacturers want you to use their memory intensive junkware bundles for something as simple as printing and scanning.  Give me drivers and software that allow me to send a print job and scan when I want to, without 8 perpetual processes that slow and monitor my every click.  I'm not even sure you can scan on this thing without a mega-suite of software.Brother makes some great products.  We've had the same Brother sewing machine for like 10 years, and I have a Brother laser printer that I am very pleased with (except the aforementioned and ubiquitous software issues).  But the MFC-J425W is not a good Brother product.  Save yourself a headache and get something else. OMG Please Don't Buy This
When asking a simple question about how to change some scan settings, I got the run around, over and over. They literally would give me a "script reply", and each time I told them that it didn't answer the question, they would just choose another random non relevant answer to a question I didn't ask. All in broken English, of course. worst tech support I have ever dealt with
I hate this thing. The print quality is terrible. I should've known better based on the low price. But it got a great rating on Consumer Reports. I don't know why the rating would be so high on this clunker. Poor print quality, loud, slow. Don't buy, it's a waste of money
Dymo 500TS reviewFirst impression:  This thing is BIG, in fact the biggest label maker I have ever seen (it's about the size of my desk phone).  However the quality of construction is very substantial, it looks like it was designed to last a long time.  This is not a cheap plastic handheld label maker by any means.  Keyboard spacing and feel is almost touch-type quality.Setting it up:  Although a full instruction booklet is enclosed, it doesn't seem to have been written by anyone who has actually used the 500TS.  The first instruction is to insert the battery being careful to observe the polarity markings.  Yes the battery itself has + and - markings, they are nowhere to be found on the printer itself and the terminals are deeply recessed in the unit.  The only way of doing it right is to try to figure out the little drawing in the book.  Inserting the label cassette was just as challenging, it only fits one way but Dymo does a terrible job illustrating how it goes.  Final note on setup is that the manufacturer states the battery comes partially charged.  When I first turned mine on I had a red warning signal indicating I had to charge the battery before I could do anything.  None of the setup issues are major enough to lose a star, just minor inconveniences.  Kudos, though, that they included a USB cable.In use:  This is purported to be the only label maker with a touch-sensitive screen, thereby making it one of its key focus features, so let's start there.  The screen in indeed large and bright.  If you're used to the touchscreen on a smartphone or tablet computer, you will be disappointed, it takes a healthy push most of the time to get it to recognize a command (and at other times a light touch is all that's needed).  The screen is very bright if you look straight at it.  In another example of the disconnect between concept and execution, however, if you place the unit on a desk in normal operating position the angle of view makes the screen fade off substantially.  I found myself always hunching over the unit to get a better view, or tilting it toward me.  The controls are fairly intuitive, which is a good thing because the user manual won't help you out much.  Plan on using most of the 10' starter roll to get used to what all the menu features are for.When used with a computer:  Connecting to a computer allows you to use the 500TS along with any other Dymo labelers you may own (I happen to have a LabelWriter that prints standard shipping labels, so the one piece of software will run both printers).  There are a few added features but some added frustrations (I'm getting used to this now with the 500TS).  For example, since the printer can only work on battery power, when it auto-shuts down while you create a label on your computer you have to go through the entire start-up process again.  You can't restart the label printer from your computer.Other observations:  For a $200 label maker I was surprised the computer software disk was not enclosed, it has to be downloaded online.  It's another item that's not a deal breaker but makes the whole experience of using the product less than ideal.Finally, I started this review by stating how large this printer is.  It is clearly designed to be a desktop printer, not a portable printer.  Yet the manufacturer, for some unfathomable reason, decided to power it from a rechargeable battery, ONLY.  It cannot be plugged in and operated from house current.  That just doesn't make sense.  That means carefully unplugging it after the battery is charged (a point in the instruction manual is not to continue charging if the battery is not charged within the specified time).  I'm not sure why it is battery powered at all, but it seems AC would be the default and battery would be an option.  Even more bizarrely, if you turn the unit off while it is still plugged in, it becomes a cool retro flip-flop clock (but there is no reference to this in the owner's manual).  The clock does NOT come on when used without the battery charger attached (but apparently the battery charger should not stay attached).There is no doubt the 500TS is very capable.  The final results are fine, but no better than a $15 labeler you can buy at any office supply store.  I can't imagine what its market is, though.  At $200 it is far beyond something the average home would need, but its reliance on rechargeable batteries and high cost of consumable don't make it a practical choice for business use either.  I think this item appears to be a "pet project" of someone within Dymo that wasn't fully thought through.Lacking any significant issues or problems I believe a fair ranking is 3 stars for "It's OK".UPDATE: (exactly one month later) - When I first got the printer I printed 2-3 quick test labels. Today, after a month of not being used, when I went to print a label the battery was completely dead (and of course, there is no way to use the printer on AC) so I had to wait several hours just to print one label. Apparently the battery drains whether the unit is on or not. This is a senseless design problem for the unit that renders it almost useless. I just dropped it down a star for this.UPDATE 2: After another 2 weeks I went to print another label and despite it not being used, the battery was dead again. Remember, it won't work off of AC, so I had to wait a few hours to print just one label. I just took away another star and am now rating this product "Not recommended - unacceptable design and performance" Unacceptable design and performance
UPDATE:Since initially reviewing this product, my opinion has gone WAY down. This is the only printer I've ever dealt with where the wireless settings must be reset at practically EVERY use. I even have reserved an IP address for the printer on my wireless router to ensure that the same settings are available at all times. When I go to print, the printer is disconnected from the wireless network and I have to use WPS to re-authorize the printer for my network. It's just not worth the hassle. SKIP this printer and find something that doesn't cause you to want to drop it out the window.ORIGINAL REVIEW:My Epson Print/Scan/Fax printer's auto document feeder bit the dust just a couple of weeks after the warranty ran out. So, I'm using it as an inkjet printer, but I needed a new machine for the fax and scan capabilities. When this machine came up as a selection on the Amazon Vine program, I was happy to get it. Now that it's up and running, it is operating properly. The monochrome print quality is equivalent to most of the products out there. The text is fairly crisp, and the (monochrome) images are fairly good with the proper shades of grey. But I'm disappointed in several key features, which I'll detail below.1. Set-up: C-/D+First of all, the 'quick start' guide is a joke. There's NO instruction. Just pictures. I'm sure that's to get away from the 80-page installation manual in 16 different languages, but it just is not what you're expecting with a new device. There is a ridiculous html-based user guide on the enclosed CD rather than a searchable PDF. There IS one manual--a network set-up guide which launches right into different set-up scenarios. But it doesn't really walk you through the scenarios properly; yes, it shows you the steps in the installer, but there's nothing in there about next steps (e.g. it adds the printer via the USB connection but doesn't tell you that you also need to add a wireless queue/selection for the Mac). For those uninitiated in printer set-up...well, you'd be hard-pressed to get this printer up and running unless you are lucky enough to have (and understand how to use) the WPS set-up on your wireless router. Thus, the installation is a pain in the rear and gets a C-/D+. (ADDENDUM: Something happened to the wireless setting...I no longer see the device. I'm going to have to set it up all over again. So my new grade is D.)2. Mobile Device Printing: D-You have to download and use the Samsung Mobile Print app for your iPhone, iPad and Android. What this means is that you cannot print like an AirPrint enabled printer; you have to print THROUGH the Samsung app. Your documents have to be found and accessible via the App (not easy) or stored in Google Docs (not DropBox). URLs have to be copied and pasted into the Web feature rather than printing directly from your browser. It DOES access your photo albums on your device so you can print pics from the App, but given that this is a Monochrome printer, I don't think I'll be doing that. (Addendum: The Samsung app stinks. It is always giving a memory error...even when it's the only app running.)3. Print/Copy Quality: BIt's average print quality. Nothing special. First printed page is generally as slow as most laser printers. The duplex printing is simple and seamless. The Eco mode is kind of cool...one press of a button, and you get automatic duplex printing and Toner Save, plus skipping blank pages. Nice.I have not tried the fax or the ADF yet. The ADF can feed up to 50 pages at one time...nice.4. ADDENDUM: ADF. While the document feed works, it's ultra-sensitive. If you don't have heavyweight paper going through or if the paper is wrinkled a bit...the device could eat your original! Yipes!I've had Samsung laser printers before, and the quality has been good. I hope that this one is built better than the horrid Epson Artisan 800 that crapped out on me! UPDATED: Decent Monochrome Printer, Lackluster Support for Mobile Devices, HORRIBLE Wireless Connectivity
I was hopeful about the quality of this printer after the sketch-by-sketch instructions on how to meticulously remove (and dispose of) ten pieces tape and packing foam used to keep the equipment safe for transport. After this step, however, the customer experience fell apart. (I should have realized there was a problem after reading the large red card that said STOP "Before returning the product to the store, please contact us at...")I have medium-high tech expertise with my home office setup, and I spent about an hour trying all the different installation variations--connect to the printer via wireless network (failed), connect using the USB cable (failed), install the software without a connection (failed)--before giving up and calling a more advanced techie friend. Only after 2 MORE HOURS of trying, and finally having to do a process that was listed NOWHERE in the manual, did we succeed at getting the printer connected.The printing is acceptable at best - low-resolution grayscale, even when the `Best Quality' option is selected. The color scanning is mediocre - colors are washed out, though resolution is high.But all is not lost... the mis-translations in the install guide and in the software interface do provide good humor value.  :) Horrible, horrible, horrible installation experience.  Mediocre printing/scanning.
This is an updated review. I was finally able to get the printer installed and working both with Windows and with my Mac (thanks to those who answered my questions and offered suggestions here!)Now that it is working, I do have to say that it is a decent bare-bones printer but it is quirky.The good:-- It prints clearly and quickly and it handles my 65-pound paper fine so far.-- Compact footprint so it makes a good addition to my cubicle where counter space is very limitedThe not-so-good:-- The installation -- trying to find the drivers, trying to get my computer to actually see the printer (when hooked up directly via USB),-- SHORT power cord (better find an extension cord or place it RIGHT next to your power strip)-- DRAWS a lot of power when it is firing up and printing -- the lights actually flicker and it tripped the circuit breaker on my industrial-strength surge protector/UPS. I have had to put it on its own outlet.-- It has an "eco mode" (which is ironic given how much power it draws when printing) and sometimes it will not wake up. At those times, I have to fiddle with it, unplug it for awhile, and swear at it several times before it will come back up for me.-- Pages smell when freshly printed due to the laser toner.-- The ink "peels" off the page and sticks to the back of other pages. What a MESS!-- Working with the toner cartridge is a messy endeavor -- don't be wearing white when you do it!For my needs, I don't see this as a big step up from an ink jet which would be less money and have more functionality. But if all you need is occasional "quick and b/w printing" and you REALLY REALLY want laser, this will work.Good luck.[NCJVR] Flakey installation -- poor print quality. I'm going back to inkjet
I go through a lot of printers. For what I do, I generally don't need a fancy printer, and you can always pick up a bargain printer for less than the cost of ink (or toner) for an existing printer. Some are good, some not so good, but none has been any problem until this thing.My biggest complaint is that after sending a job to the Samsung printer, my computer will not go into "sleep" mode. It just hangs at the "Preparing to stand by..." screen. I uninstalled the original Samsung software, did a system restore, got the latest driver, and still the problem persists. The problem ONLY occurs after using this Samsung printer. This is completely unacceptable. This printer has just achieved "boat anchor" status.Other annoyances:The Samsung printer software (installed from the boxed CD) hijacked my Print Screen key for some "easy capture manager" nonsense. I do not appreciate so-called "easy" software that changes the way my computer works without so much as a "by your leave".Prints of grayscale images (photos, shaded objects, etc.) have horizontal lines that shouldn't be there, showing that the toner is not distributed evenly.The manual feed slot is a bad joke. There is nothing to support the paper, so presumably you're supposed to stand there and hold it until the printer starts taking it in. No matter how I try to adjust the side guides, the paper does not feed straight, giving me trapezoidal shipping labels.I agree with another reviewer in regard to removing the output slot cover. It serves no purpose other than to create paper jams if you forget to open it before printing. Too bad you can't move it down to the manual feed slot; it would make an ideal support for the paper there.No printed manual; browser-based user manual complains that my default browser is not Internet Explorer. Also, pages are too wide for a standard 1024-pixel-wide display. Dumb glitches from a "name" brand.Stay far away from this one! What a disaster.
Positives:I love this printer.  I got it to replace another Samsung Printer, a ML-2525 which chugged along happily for years with no problems.  My experience with my old Samsung is that the print cartridge lasts forever (not the case with my HP or Epson printers)(as good as my old Lexmark E210 though) and costs less than other printers to replace (specifically, less than my HP).  So that is my basis for comparison.I have a Windows PC running Windows 7, and a Mac running Leopard.  I haven't tried to print from my Mac yet, and will update my review when I do so.I would try the Samsung Mobile Print app, but it only works on Android phones.  I moved my Samsung Galaxy Captivate from AT&T; to T-Mobile, and it became slow.  Therefore, I replaced it with a Windows Phone.  Horrible decision, I regret it to this day.  The pain I feel every time I look at my Nokia Windows Phone is intolerable.  And since the Nokia Windows Phone uses a micro SD card, I can't change back to my beloved Samsung Galaxy Captivate easily.  Don't make the same mistake I did.  Buy a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 (not yet available for T-Mobile, because I transferred to the Cursed Carrier with old phones and dubious connectivity) and make your life better.  But I digress.Back to this printer review.Setup is easy.  The printer comes with a setup CD, which is great, buy my laptop has no CD drive.  Windows update detected the printer when I powered it on, though, and found and set up the drivers no problem.  It started working instantly.In my profession, I have voluminous printed records that need to be read, filed, and disseminated. This printer prints *very* quickly.  No, I did not time how quickly.  I love that it prints double sided so that I can save on paper.Negatives:The power cord is really short.  If you need to reach around your desk to plug it in, you will need an extension cord of a few feet.UPDATE: May 6, 2013: I need a new printer cartridge.Samsung MLT-D103L/XAA Toner 2.5K High Yield (ML-2955ND/DW, SCX-4729FD/FW)I use my printer in my home office, so it gets a lot of use.  I am upset that the printer cartridge costs almost as much as the new printer, but at least with Samsung, the ink lasts for a while.UPDATE: MARCH 11, 2014:  All of a sudden, my printer stopped working.  First I had trouble with the driver, so I uninstalled it tried to reinstall it.  The reinstall process did not work, because the computer could not detect the printer.  I had it connected via USB.  I unplugged and replugged the USB, unplugged and replugged the power cord, installed and uninstalled the driver.  No dice.  I called Samsung customer service (800-726-7864).  They had me do basically the same thing again.  While doing it, the printer simply stopped turning on.  I plugged it into a different wall outlet, through a power strip, all the variables.  No dice. The Samsung customer service people told me the warranty expired on February 28, 2014, so they can't help me.  All in all, this printer lasted a year and a half.  Frankly, I expected more.  Big loss of money, especially since I had just bought another toner cartridge for the printer.  What a waste.  I'm changing my rating of this printer from five stars to one star.  Even a first class printer should last more than just a year and a half.  My Lexmark E210 lasted almost a decade.  I would still be using that if they had kept updating the drivers for it.  Seriously, what a waste.ONE STAR.  FABULOUS PRODUCT, BUT SHORT-LIVED. DIED IN ONE AND A HALF YEARS**** DO NOT BUY
I bought this as an ultra-cheap SOHO printer that I hoped would be adequate for my sometime use as a solo practitioner attorney. I find that the text reproduction is very sharp, as I read in other reviews.Unfortunately, this product has some glaring flaws. First and foremost, the 35-sheet ADF (document feeder) is hobbled by the printer's lack of memory. Even though you can physically fit 35 sheets or so into the feeder, only 8 or so will actually copy at a time before it runs out of memory. Disappointingly, there is no memory upgrade available for this model either. This is a major inconvenience when copying documents with lots of attachments/exhibits.In addition, the feeder results in uniformly crooked copies/scans.The feeder is also annoying in that you have to flip it up, past a small stopping/clicking point, in order to retrieve the originals after copying. This means that it is likely to wear and possibly break over time.The tray is small at 250 sheets capacity, but also it is completely enclosed so that one cannot see the paper level; my older HP printer had an open-front main tray that was actually more useful in this regard. The more frequent need for adding paper and the way the tray is implemented does not give me confidence in the long-term survivability of the tray. It is also a bit annoyingly difficult to withdraw and replace the main paper tray, since the tray is almost flush with the underside of the copy receiver (whatever the thing is called that extends to receive the printed/copied pages).The software supplied with the printer does not allow as much customizeability of scans as the older HP Solutions Center software, which I will now have to track down and attempt to get to work with this new printer.I am finding that the smaller than legal size flatbed is a bit of a hindrance in copying some books. I guess this is a case of "you get what you pay for".The 951 ink cartridges are smaller and seem to me that they will be more expensive over time than the 88-series ink cartridges for some other HP printers. I may be wrong, and in any event the 951 series may fall in price. This is in any event simply not a high-capacity printer.Bottom line: for a printer with an onsite support option that will mainly be used to print text and for occasional copying of small documents, this can be a barely adequate choice.Pros:+ Good text quality+ Good scan quality+ Adequate speed+ Small+ Quiet+ Cheap next-day onsite support option availableCons:- ADF results in crooked copies and scans- ADF not as high-capacity in operation as promised due to low memory, with no memory upgrade available; copying is hence substandard and frustrating- Low 250-sheet capacity- Clumsy mechanical operability (e.g. when changing paper, picking up originals from ADF) likely caused in part by the small size and chosen design compromises- Tiny flatbed, although something is better than nothing- Supplied software is dumbed-down, offering less customizability than previous versionsETA: I eventually had to get the copier exchanged due to the skewed document feeding problem, and though I'd bought next-business-day onsite support, was somehow forced to do a mail exchange. This makes me even less thrilled with my purchase.In addition, before the old one was exchanged, it would randomly start giving paper-size mismatch errors when attempting to print envelopes. The only solution was to reboot the printer, which takes significant time with one of these HP inkjets. Time will tell if problems from the old sample surface in the new one as well.ETA: I have yet another problem to report.  If one leaves envelopes in when attempting to print 8.5 X 11" sheets, or vice versa, the printer will give a paper size error as is correct, but will feed 1-2 sheets of paper halfway into the printer and just stop there.  This necessitates taking the feeder tray out and fiddling under the printer to drag the paper out carefully, so it doesn't rip.ETA: I have a new bug to report.  If one enters a collated copy job over its meager memory capability of roughly eight pages, and dares to step away from the printer for a couple of minutes, later parts of the same run will revert to the default settings.  This means, for example, that if one is making multiple copies and steps away, the copy job will be finished with only a single copy.  This and other problems have me tearing out my hair with this terribly cheap printer.  HP obviousy employs boneheads in system design, programming or QA, possibly all three.ETA: I'm downgrading this product to one star.  I just received the following email, months after purchasing the printer.  Remember, when I called to invoke my next-business-day onsite service, they didn't know anything about it and I wound up with mail-in service for the first fix (afterward they updated their records so this shouldn't happen again).  Needless to say, this belated email does not fill me with confidence:"Thanks, null!  [Yes, 'null'.]Congratulations on your HP Care Pack purchase.As a service to you, we have registered the HP Care Pack you recently purchased.Now you can have peace of mind knowing that HP's award winning Total Care service and support programs will be there should you need assistance with your HP or Compaq products." Hobbled in many ways; cheap and buggy; horrible support (downgrading)
I will never buy another HP printer. They are unreliable and half the time will not even work the HP cartridges. HP customer service is non-existent so you buy at your own risk. Warranty is useless if you cannot get anyone at customer service to pay attention, always with the Reset your computer requests. Had this printer for 3 months and went to replace the cartridges and keep getting an error. Had to go back to the store to exchange the cartridges but they don't accept returns so had to bring the printer there to show them the problem, then they agreed to exchange and the new ones didn't work either. Good thing I tried them right there. Tried to get someone at HP to replace the unit and no luck at all. Now I'm stuck with it. Unreliable even with HP Cartridges.
I got this printer for Christmas, and I'm glad to see that it was so inexpensive, because I more or less can't use it.I have spent the past week trying to get it to stay connected to my  network.  I set up a static IP, I added a port, I rebooted, rerouted, connected by three different methods.  I followed every step on the HP support forums. I followed every step everywhere else. It won't stay connected.  If I want it to connect, I have to restart the printer. Not my computer, or the router. The printer. That is a hint about the source of the problem. What good is ePrint if I have to be physically near the printer to get it to work?Also, when I send documents to the printer from ePrint on my phone, the documents shrink in size and print off of one edge of the page. They're aligned so that a quarter inch of the document is missing.  There is no way to adjust this in the minimal ePrint settings.  I read on the forums that I should update the firmware, but the printer insists that it's up to date, although the firmware revision is different than the one on the website. It won't let me update.I feel so upset that this was supposed to be a generous, kind, time-saving Christmas gift, but the gift-giver feels terrible that I've now had to work on it for a week with no success, and will probably have to return it. Nope.
Here is my experience with the Xerox Document scanner:In the box is the scanner, software, usb cord, US power pack and wires, a foreign power adapter (Europe I think), quick start guide, and a "mystery part" (more on that later).Installation was as easy as plugging it in and popping in the DVD with the installation software. BUT (here's my first problem): the installer wanted to install 4 separate programs. I'm always a little leery when a piece of hardware needs to install so much onto my system to get it to work. As it turns out, there were actually even more pieces of software installed than just the four that the installer stated it was installing. In addition to installing the scanner driver, Visioneer OneTouch, Nuance PaperPort, Nuance OmniPage Pro, it also installed something called Visioneer Accuity and C+++ Redistributable 2005 Language. In fact, with each piece that was installed after the first one, the installer wanted to reinstall the C+++ Redistributable 2005 Language again and prompted me to agree or decline.This isn't really a great start.With all this being installed, I was reminded of the way computer life was like in the mid-90's.And speaking of mid-90's, the huge and BRIGHT BLUE numbers and power light also reminded me of when these bright lights were in vogue on computers. Some people may like this lightshow but I really don't. It makes my office GLOW and I have to shut the door to it when it is on.The lights and its business-like looks also really make it really too ugly for a decent looking home office. I realize this is totally subjective, but this is my review so here's my opinion. The unit looks like an old-school fax machine that would be perfect in a school office, etc. In fact, the Xerox logo sticker was a little crooked out of the box so I had to shift it a little to make it look less cheap.This brings me to my next point: the unit doesn't shut itself off when you close the cover. You have to hit a power button. Of course you will never forget (unless you're wearing sunglasses) because the light is so bright, but it seems like a lack of ergonomics/user-friendliness to not have it automatically power down when the scanning door is closed.The unit feels sturdy, but not more than my other two document scanners. For something with this price tag and business-like design I would have expected it to be slightly more heavy or bulky.The scanner comes with no documentation other than what's included on the DVD. For the price of this unit, I think they should have included printed documentation. There's just something about being able to have the instructions in front of you while you work on the screen vs. switching windows between reading the instructions and performing the task you're reading about.One thing I did like about the unit that my other two document scanners don't have is a Simplex and Duplex button. This allows you to scan one sided or two sided documents at the touch of a button. On my other scanners you have make this selection in the software and because I'm pretty lazy I usually just scan both sides even with one sided documents.The unit also has an interesting feature in that you can select your desired output right on the scanner. Here are the choices and my experiences with them:Built-in functions (right out of the box with no configuration):1. Scan - Scans to PDF2. PDF - Scans to PDF3. Print - Immediately prints out on default printer. Nice and easy!4. Email - Failed (needs to be configured - easy enough)5. Fax - Sends a fax with default fax in Windows (or opens Win Fax Setup)6. OCR (in Word) - My results: TERRIBLE7. Archive - Scanned with no results8. Business Card - I have not business cards to scan.9. Paint - Scans to MICROSOFT PAINT?! Really?!A note on the OCR: the results from my OCR test scans of a clearly printed black and white text document were so abysmal that I almost thought that I did something wrong. I tried again and got the same results. To be sure my paper wasn't weird, I did an OCR scan in my other scanner and it nailed every word. Yikes.As far as the PaperPort software, I found it to be clunky and cluttered. To be fair, I don't like the software that came with my other scanners either so I may be biased. I just like to scan PDFs to my windows folders and be done. I don't like relying on proprietary software to organize my documents.And finally, let's talk about the included "mystery" part. When I opened this thing, which looked like the innards of some mechanical gadget I really struggled to figure out what I was looking at. I found no documentation of it but I opened the door of the scanner and finally discovered that it was a replacement for the sheet-feeder thing inside the scanner. My feeling about this is that while it is thoughtful for them to include a replacement part, this makes me suspicious that perhaps this is a part that breaks often? I can't say for sure, but we know why shirt makers include extra buttons with their shirts so maybe this is the same thing.All in all, I was less than impressed with this scanner. From its looks, to the cluttered user interface, to its installation issues, to the poor scan and OCR quality, to the lack of printed instructions, etc. the whole unit really reminded me of the way business machines used to be in a bygone era.For a scanner that is significantly more money that the document-scanning darling: the Fujitsu ScanSnap s1500, this device is simply UNDERWHELMING.UPDATE: I uninstalled the software because I was less-than-impressed with it and now every time I try to right-click and save a picture from the internet my only file type choice is OmniPage Image Document. Just like bad software in the old days, this uninstaller was incapable/unsuccessful in uninstalling its own software. SUPER-FAIL.UPDATE 2: After searching the internet I have found that there are hundreds of people with this exact problem. In fact, it is so prevalent that the company that the company has a how-to on how to hack it out of the registry! No thanks! They also have a "secret" brute uninstaller on the CD that I was directed to and it was unable to remove this issue. Poor programming and blatant disregard for its customers.UPDATE 3: After some more research, I found an automated registry fixer that de-associated JPG's on my computer from this software. Only time will tell what other breadcrumbs were left on my system.UPDATE 4: Just found out .gif was still associated with OmniPage and had a to use a 3rd party program to remove the association. Not a great experience.
I bought this tape based on the reviews.  I'm beginning to pack for a move, last night I packed 3 boxes.  When I woke up this morning, the tape on 2 of them had popped loose on the sides.  The boxes aren't overly stuffed or anything, the tape just doesn't stick.  I'm disappointed and going out this morning to buy more tape.  Save your $ and get a name brand. Doesn't stick
You constantly have to fight to get the negative holder open hoping not to break it. Pain in the butt to get the negative placed in the holder once you get the holder closed, and if not not right, the negative gets damaged.That was just the negative holder.You have to set the device to one setting to scan the photos. The switch to another setting to see those scans on your computer, a max of 9 images. Then you have to rename those nine images before you can move them to another folder to make room for the next 9 images. Absurd. You should be able to set a save to folder, scan one image after the other and it be saved to your computer. No moving, no renaming, no nine image limits. Not a well though out product. 5 star reviews led me astray. What garbage is this
 Parker attempts to create a new niche -- 2013 UPDATE: Downgraded to 1 star for durability problems
The picture implies that a card is included with this gift card mailer, but it is simply a lightweight envelope (included) in which you place a gift card (not included) and card (not included) or letter (not included) and an outer white envelope (included).  The quality is poor and as I already said, very lightweight.  The Christmas design on both cards is benign and not impressive.  I'd recommend putting the money for these cards into the gift card you're purchasing, and enclosing it in another vehicle for delivery to the recipient.  I'm carrying around two gift cards, one from a restaurant and the other from Trader Joe's, and both card holders are of a better quality paper than theQuality Park 2-in-1 Giftcard-e-lope, Giftcard Mailer with Greeting Card Built-In, Assorted Holiday Decorated Designs, 4.5 x 6.3125 Inches, White Outer Mailing Envelope, Pack of 2 (65020).  I cannot recommend this product at all. Misleading picture, no card is included
I was quite pleased when I fired this up and was able to find Linux drivers for it and get it working easily with my Linux machines.The print quality was horrible, and I assumed there were settings to adjust, so I set about looking for a manual. Well, there isn't any. I checked Canon's web site and searched the web, only to find I was not the only person annoyed by the lack of a reasonable manual.There are Windows and Mac OS executable files for people using those operating systems, but no manual or PDF of a manual for people to actually read. I may be "old fashioned" but I expect a paper or PDF manual with equipment I buy, and having to search out a specific kind of computer just to find out how to operate a new piece of equipment is simply bad customer service, to put i it nicely. (I'll be using stronger language on my blog.)I'm sorry, but that is just not right. What if I only wanted to use this as a stand alone copier or fax? Granted, Linux is a difficult OS to get printers working under, but why would anyone create such good Linux drivers, and then not have a manual for those people. That is just so silly (again fighting the temptation to use stronger language).I know that many people think paper is outdated, but this is a printer, for goodness sake. No paper manual because you want to save trees? IT"S A PRINTER. The whole point is to use paper! Well, okay, so they want to save money and not do a printed manual. What is wrong with a PDF file for a manual? Canon has them for all of the other gear I get from them, so why the illogical change of course on this printer? Bad move, to say the least.Without better info for managing settings, the output is really terrible and the printer unusable, except as a door stop or paper weight.Oh, and the color cartridge is an all-in-one, so you will waste a lot of good ink and spend a lot of money needlessly, as opposed to separate color cartridges.So, be forewarned, as long as you are a Windows or Mac user, you get some kind of help as long as you want to install yet one more program for every item you connect. Everybody else is just out of luck. Canon doesn't care about you and doesn't want your business.I may break down and connect it to my one Windows machine some day when I feel like wasting more of my valuable time, and see if I can find out the information I need. This is the second time in recent history I have been burned on a Canon printer, and I seriously doubt there will be a third. (I will also tell a lot of people about this mess.)I don't understand some vendors - I had a really great Canon S630 that printed like a champ for a decade. I only gave it up when it finally died. I was hoping Canon would continue to make good printers. If I'd known how bad printers were going to get, I would have gotten several S630s when I had the chance.Hiding my manual in an executable file? That is so 80s. Come on Canon, you can do better than this - at least you used to be able to. works with Linux BUT NO manual
I owned Cannon Printers Pixma  before, they were in silcer. Better quality, this one takes forever to make a copy or scan. Slow, I do not like it. Since I owned them before, I will not nuy my next one from Cannon. I had the same problem with Kodak, it still sets here, slow to start. Also on both of them it is complicated to install wireless. I will buy a more expensive printer, if those I am sick of my printers and copiers. Would not recommend, because it takes so long to copy anything or to start. I like a printer who starts when I hit pringt without being turned on and they should shut off automaticly if not in use.  Only one star. Canon Pixma MG3120
My overall experience with theCanon PIXMA MG3120 Wireless Inkjet Photo All-In-Onehas generally been negative.  I'm really disappointed in the performance and it seems Canon is slipping in their product quality with this model.I have used several brands of printer, HP, Brother, Lexmark and a Canon in the past.  This model is rather disappointing in comparison to the others.  This printer absolutely drinks ink like it's dying from dehydration.  The cartridge was showing empty and needing replaced after just a barely 40 pages of work.  The replacement cartridges, if you can find them, are outrageously expensive when compared to the competition.  Printing even black and white documents took a really long time, even on the normal quality setting.Print quality is pretty standard, even when tweaking for the highest setting.  The unit is much louder than other models I have used in the past.  The scanning function is okay, but again, really loud.  Wireless setup was a pain, this unit is not ready for primetime or wireless printing.  I ultimately ended up using the printer strictly as a USB connected device.  I used a work around with aLinksys Wireless Print Serverto make the unit wireless.If you are considering this printer, I'd pass.  While I respect the Canon brand, this model is just terrible.  This has made me think a lot less of Canon and I ultimately bought a different brand (Brother) to replace it. Drinks Ink, Slow Performance, Not Up To Par...
I tried using this for my magic jack on computer but it does not work.  I can hear callers but they can't hear me.  Either it is the magic jack or this is not compatible with my magic jack. not for magic jack
I'm going to admit right off that I was a little biased coming into this product.  Months ago I reviewed another label maker and decided to try this one as well and do a little comparison.  The other label maker, an Epson LabelWorks LW-400, was very impressive, but was $10 more at the time I received the Dymo.First, the Dymo uses six AAA batteries.  I didn't have any on hand since they aren't commonly used and I had to wait a long time before I could buy any.  Why they couldn't use AA is beyond me, but that was my first disappointment.After I finally was able to get the batteries I sat down to play with the label maker.  While it does in fact make labels, it is rather plain and unimpressive.  Maybe I was spoiled by the other label maker, but the Dymo is somewhat unpleasant to use.  The buttons are a little stiff and I had to press the power and print buttons more than once for them to respond.  There is no "shift" button, so typing a single capital letter requires a press before and after - I will not type in all caps unless necessary, so that was a pain.  There is no user manual supplied and the features are very basic.  The display doesn't even have a backlight, so it is difficult to see it in a darker room.  I would not be as harsh on this product if it was not currently only $4 less than my Epson label maker (currently priced around $35), and the Epson has a lot of features.Unless prices drastically change, I'd highly recommend theEpson LabelWorks LW-400 Label Maker (C51CB70010).  It has many more features, has a variety of colors for label tapes, includes a manual as well as a list of symbols/clip art capabilities, and has a much better feel to it.  The Dymo just feels cheap in comparison, even if the price does not reflect that. Feels Cheap
The label maker does not print.  The label feed does work but nothing is printed.  It drains (New) batteries right away.  There are no directions or troubleshooting features so the consumer can solve problems.  You must go online for their guide.  Even this was of no help.  The online guide does have a troubleshooting section but it does not address the problem of the unit not producing and printing on the tape.  The touch of the keypad is a bit resistant.  I have a Brother unit that is user-friendly and I have never had any issues with that one.  This has been nothing but a study in frustration.  Another review mentioned that the blade does not cut well but that is not a problem in my unit.  So, since I can easily cut the unprinted label that is ejected, I guess this earns one star. Useless
This useless bit of plastic arrived with a 1/2" X 10' Label Cassette, a warranty booklet in four languages and a slick  small sheet showing how to load the cassette. No user guide or batteries were included. I did not have the required 6 AAA batteries on hand so I went to the Dymo web site to order the AC Adapter that was supposedly an option. I found the picture of the adapter but Dymo would not permit me to place an order. Went out and bought the 6 AAA batteries. Could not get a label printed. Congratulated Dymo for denying me the ability to waste money on an adapter for what they obviously knew was a worthless piece of junk masquerading as a labeler. Debated whether to send this back to China where it originated or to put it in my recycle bin for plastic. Chose the latter.Do yourself a favor and bypass this piece of waste. Junkyard Fodder
i hope it's an exception, but my unit arrived DOA.It suffered almost every problem a label printer can experience.1. It drains battery power like crazy.  it takes 6 AAA batteries (can't believe this) and I put 6 brand new AAA batteries in there and it displays battery low.  I put another 6 freshly recharged AAA batteries in there and still display low battery.2. The little to nothing demo label included just keep jamming.  After toggling with it a few times, finally sits snug inside the 2 rectangle arms holding the label feed. However, the cutting blade is so dull if you don't hold the cutter press down hard, you risk ripping the entire label out when pulling.  And this will cause it to jam and fall out of the feed holder.3. It just won't print.  I am virtually out of the initial blank label that came in the box and it has not printed a readable label yet.I have used Epson, Brother label printers and this by far is the worst label printer I have used.If I could, it wouldn't even get 1 star.In the trash it will go. DOA Junk
I hate it worse than almost anything to have to give a thumbs down to a product I got for free through the vine program. Feels ungrateful. But it's worse to not be honest about my experience with the product. I was really looking forward to using the Dymo LabelManager 160 to label about 100 file folders I have just created to organize my file cabinet. And to label a bunch of bottles of spices. I kept thinking of things I could use it for, and of course after finding out it didn't work, I thought of so many more.It came with a trial-size cartridge of label tape and a warranty book that I thought was instructions because it was many pages thick. Turns out each page was the same warranty information, each in a different language. The "instructions" consisted of one sheet with pictures showing what the labelmaker looks like open and highlighting things like the battery compartment and the various buttons. I pretty much had to guess what each was for if I didn't recognize the symbol on the button. Nice big keyboard. The screen is big enough to clearly see what you are writing. But, again, I had to make too many guesses and fool around a lot until I went to the Dymo website to read up on it. At first I searched for the adapter that should have come with it, then realized you'd have to buy one if you wanted to avoid using 6 AAA batteries. Hey, that's sorta cheap of them.Once I had everything figured out and loaded, I tried to print labels. Every time I hit print, the label maker hummed...and died. Over and over. The power just kept shutting off. I tried all the trouble-shooting tips I could find, without success. So, I guess I am forced to say I would not waste my money buying this model.UPDATE: YAY! I can now get it to work with a universal AC adapter I happened to have. I think the surge of power that was pulling at the batteries when I hit "Print" (even though they were brand new) was knocking the power out. So I am having fun labeling my folders. Wish I could change my initial rating, but Dymo does need to address this problem since others have had it too. Wish it had worked
Installed the batteries and starter tape (10 feet instead of 23 feet on the full roll), and then tried to print a label. For the first 30 seconds, the LCD display worked-- although the contrast was light and difficult to see. Then, the LCD went almost completely blank. Nearly impossible to read the characters. Will be sending the label maker back, and will be sticking with my two Brother units. They waste tape, but they work. Defective
To quote from Gilbert and Sullivan: "An insult, but a light one." So why make a fuss about BIC's "gender-specific" attempt to sell a good pen?  To begin with, many modern women are offended at being "characterized" (more often, stereotyped) on the basis of gender.  As we've learned from much feminist thought (excluding some more recent psychoanalytic French women theorists who became influential after Simone de Beauvoire's seminal "The Second Sex"), there is no "essential" difference between female and male consciousness. Hence, male authors such as James Joyce (Molly Bloom's monologue, occupying the last third of "Ulysses" and, perhaps above all, William Faulkner (Addie Bundren, "As I Lay Dying," and Rosa Coldfield, "Absalom, Absalom!) have represented the consciousness of female characters in comprehensive, penetrating, surgically precise prose/poetry that, at the least, matches the same authors' male characterizations. Consequently, Bic's pitch of what should be a gender-neutral product to a female audience is unlikely to meet with a warm reception in academe, especially since the 1970s. "Essentialism" is a nemesis if not a dirty word many Western feminists would expunge from all discourse about gender differences.  Just look at the patronizingly patriarchal discourse of the Republican Party during the present Presidential campaign: male candidates for high office are talking about "legislating women's right to choose"--in the 2nd decade of the new millennium!Still, even a feminist (and I don't exclude myself from that number) need not take serious offense at Bic's attempt to win women's favor.  Despite the flowery, Victorian, dainty colors (they're anything but garish), this is after all not a "fine" but a "medium point" pen.  Moreover, the barrel is surprisingly solid and large.  It's grip-friendly for the largest hands (and perhaps for some smaller ones).  The diameter is noticeably thicker and more rugged than the popular Bic Atlantis pen.  In fact, the barrel of this pen is bigger than any other ballpoint--Papermate, Pilot, Bic--in my large collection (I'm addicted to ballpoint pens and am especially fastidious about things like grip, flow, smoothness).One feature I did not realize until using this pen is that the colorful "flowery" barrel is not merely decorative: it indicates the color of the ink.  I had no idea that I would not merely be seeing red and violet on the pen but inscribing notes in those same colors.  So the BIC Her Fashion gets a "high five" for any ball pen users seeking alternatives to the universal, predictable, potentially bland and boring blue and black ink of most ball points.There's some initial resistance in getting the pen to loosen up and move freely, but after several minutes it was literally sailing through my stationery, leaving in its wake refreshing colors that I have no doubt some correspondents will relish as much as I.  If you're a male, open up to the wisdom of all cultures concerning gender. The yin and the yang, the anima and the animus are not mutually exclusive.  We all have--in our chromosomes and genetic make-up--psychological, emotional, and physical traits normally associated with the "other" sex.  And admitting to those traits can be a healthy exercise in self-examination as well as promotion of better understanding of what we as human beings have in common.So, go on--pick up two packs of these pens and share them with your male friends.  By employing the pen, men can at once congratulate BIC on a good product DESPITE--not because of--its  steretypically feminine adornments. An academic's perspective on why this pen is better suited for males.
Women of the World unite! Show Bic that we won't be tempted by mere "jeweled accents" and "fashion ink"! She who holds this pen will not crash through the glass ceiling. We demand fur, feathers, jewels, and jobs.We. Want. It. All! And. We. Want. It. NOW!!!! Epic Fail! Missing Maribou Pompom!!!
Remember the saying 'If it sounds too good to be true then it probably is?' Well it's definitely the case with these non original equipment replacement cartridges. I have theBrother Printer MFCJ825DW Wireless Color Photo Printer with Scanner, Copier and Faxand it is a brilliant printer. The cartridges that came with the printer were vacuum sealed (could hear the air being pulled in once the tab was removed), I did not hear a thing with these junk replacements. These leak ink, are difficult to get into the printer, and are not worth the risk of damaging the printer as the Brother warranty will not cover replacement of a damaged printer due to non Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) ink. Not worth it! These are junk!_Bottom Line_ No I would not recommend these to a friend. What a waste of time. I will be buying Brother replacement ink cartridges in the future to protect my printer, preserve my warranty, and avoid having to clean up ink all over the place. Leaks, Poor Quality, Difficult to Install
Did not work in my printer when installed. Model MFCJ425W... Brother says in manual that they also limit you on time for their inks as well as usage. With this in mind, I advised user to buy standard size ink and not the larger since they print very little and a big ink supply would be wasted because of the 6 month time limit. Not recognized by printer. Had to get factory ink.
Smart design complement any home?  Hardly.And do not let the photo that looks like a upscale classy product fool you. This is cheap cardboard with cheap plastic handles. Even the printed design that is supposed to look like fabric, is cheap and does not look like fabric.These might work well for a college dorm room or some RV where you don't plan on having the container last longer than a few months.  These will be relegated to the closet for stuff I weed out for the charity pick up day.Instead I suggest you shop Amazon and consider the bins that Household Essentials sells that are natural canvas and have nothing but 41 five star reviews.  Or their storage bins in Coffee Linen colour that have nothing but 5 star reviews. Not at all what they look like in the photo
The product description of these storage bins doesn't state that they're made of cardboard.  I received these free in return for reviewing the product, but had I paid nearly 15 dollars for two cardboard boxes, the boxes would be going back.  And I'd be ticked off.  I removed three stars from my rating for the misleading/unclear product description.The product lost an additional star for the single handle as opposed to more useful double handles.  I get it; the box handle is designed to help you pull it off a shelf.  But, this product would have much greater versatility if it had handles on both sides.The measurements are clearly stated in this item's description, so I knew how big it would be, but it may be worth noting that it is smaller than the lidded Bankers Box file box that I am used to seeing.Lastly, the packaging on these was ridiculous.  My 2-pack of boxes arrived inside a cardboard shipping box that was inside a HUGE shipping box filled with paper.  Way overdone. I didn't remove any stars from my product review for the excessive packaging as I'm reviewing the product and not the packaging.  However, the packaging is another negative in my list of dislikes regarding this product.Bottom line: I don't recommend the Bankers Box Cubby Storage Bins.  Nope, not at all. These are made of cardboard, not fabric.  One handle = lame.  Too much packaging.
The only difference between these boxes and the ones that can be picked up for about $1.00 per box at moving supplies companies, or saved for free from your mail-in order, is the staggering price of $10 (for two boxes) for these flimsy, made from the cheapest cardboard imaginable, junk. The company should consider selling the black cutout handles that come with the boxes. They are also flimsy and hard to fit, but they will outlast the cardboard. Congratulations to the marketing department, the profit margin for this disaster for the customer must be at least 99.99%. terrible junk
I was down to 40 minutes before air time.  My printer not only read "Change Cartridge" but stopped printing on the white copy paper coming out the gate of the printer.  Fortunately, I had this double package waiting in the wings.  Just time enough for a quick installation.  I wasn't sure whether one cartridge was sufficient or if both were needed.  So I decided to take no chances.  First, the color cartridge went into the left compartment.  Then the black cartridge---except it wouldn't fit.  I was gentle, then rough, then profane, and finally praying.  Suddenly, I noticed a problem.  Canon (or some middleman) had sent me a box with two CL-241XL cartridges.  I had no PG-240 cartridge--and was in position or mood to print out photos of pet pussycats or golden sunsets.I went to the studio trying toremember my introduction and, above all, the order of the downloaded tunes I'd burned to disc.  Then I discovered that I'd brought the wrong key (dark blue instead of black).  I was locked out, "Air-less," thanks to my own carelessness compounded by an outrageous error by the seller(s).  Since I go through one Canon printer per year, I'm not disposed to let the company off so easily.I can only hope it's true that God has a purpose for mishaps of this magnitude and that Canon's screw-up was part of the Providential plan.  Nevertheless, for all yee non-believers who are reluctant to trust your fortunes to the Almighty, I issue this cautionary: check on the cartridges you've purchased as soon as they arrive in the mail.  Someone at the other end appears to be numerically illiterate--and possibly color tone-deaf.  You're paying enough for these as it is.  Make sure you received what you thought you ordered.[It's just occurred to me that the safest bet would be to order a new printer each time you run out of ink.  That way you're assured of getting the right cartridges, and the price for printer+cartridges is about the same as for the cartridges alone!] Blown away by Canon
The idiots that sold this toner did not reset the gears on the product. That wasted 5hrs of my time. Depending on what you do, your time may be important.You have to get a philips srew driver, open up the side panel and rotate the damn gear by 180 degrees. This is something the seller was supposed to do but did not do it. idiots, wasted half my day and made me lose significant amount of money in business while I was dealing with their incompetency. They did not reset the thing when sold
This toner leaves gray streaks and random bits of black toner everywhere. I'd recommend another brand. I've tried them all and Linkyo is the best. Stay away from this toner
This printer calls for very expensive ink, and the cartridges interact in such a way with the printer that when they register low, they will continue to register low and not work even if you try to re-fill them.  I have tried buying a cheap refillable black cartridge for the printer and filling it with standard black ink and am having trouble getting it to print consistently.  Perhaps it would have been better to use pigment ink which I hear is more compatible with this printer.  Still, the printer recognizes the cartridge as a genuine Epson cartridge and says the ink level is at full and it printed fine for a little while.  When I had initially run out of black ink, the printer would stop every time I tried to print and ask me if I wanted to go ahead and print with all colors.  I would click yes and all would be fine, however there was no way to say "Do this all the time", so finally, I clicked the button, "I have already purchased ink", to try to make the delay go away, but then I was completely stopped by the printer until I got another cartridge for it.  Maddening!  Also, when I put the cheap replacement cartridge in, I did not fill it up completely as I was not sure it was going to work and I did not want to waste ink, so when I decided it was working okay, and I wanted to take the cartridge out and fill it completely, I almost could not get the cartridge back out.  When I opened the printer, the cartridges would not move into a position where I could open the lid and remove them.  Luckily, I finally noticed settings on the machine that could force this to happen.  After filling up the cheap cartridge completely, it printed fine for a while, but now I can only get it to print when I put special settings on the print job, such as "photo-paper semi-gloss", (and the cartridge is quite full of ink - even the printer reads it that way, AND I have tried all the maintenance settings - cleaning the head, etc...).  I have made the "photo-paper semi-gloss" settings the default settings and am having mild success printing fairly low quality print-outs (VERY slow print-out, of course). At all turns, this printer is programmed to force the consumer to buy their expensive ink cartridges.  I know most printers seem to be going the same route, but I refuse to give a decent rating to a printer that costs $100.00 and tries to control your every move with re-filling ink or re-placing ink cartridges.  I will probably replace this printer very soon, as I am not sure I can make it print reliably at an affordable price.Update:  It is now April 1, 2012.  I ran out of colored ink and since this printer has no "use black ink only" setting, ("print in grayscale" setting still uses colored ink.), I am again at a complete stop when it comes to printing.  I have ordered $20.00 worth of compatible ink to refill my refillable cartridges.  (I purchased the refillable cartridges and the ink from Inksupply.com.)  When the ink gets here at the end of the week, I will see if I can make this printer work again.  If not, I will throw it in the trash and go back to HP.  So far, all the HPs we have had, had at least a 'print in black ink only' setting so you could print without colored ink in black and white.  (Although HP seems to be making attempts to get you to ruin your cartridges when you refill the ink by putting many fake holes in the cartridges so you can't figure out where to fill and your ink goes everywhere.  Still, with some savvy, we seem to still be able to make our fairly recent model HP work fine in black ink only.)  All the printer companies are working hard these days trying to sell you $15.00 cartridges when you only need to purchase 20 cents of worth of ink, but I really hate the Epson company and would never try them again.Update: April 6, 2012.  Got the compatible ink - emptied the black cartridge of incompatible ink and filled all cartridges with compatible ink.  I can now get a splotchy black print on 'plain paper', 'normal' settings only - nothing but light blur on any other settings.  Printer going in the trash.  I will use my partner's HP until I find which printer I want to replace with, likely another HP product.  One other thing I did not like about the Epson printer is it was very hard to recycle paper by using the backs of bad prints, because it loaded from the bottom, whereas all the HPs we had, load simply at the back straight up so you can put a recycled piece of paper in one piece at a time, when you are not printing something important. Most annoying printer I have ever had
I had heard very positive things about this pen from fountain pen lovers on a collectors' website, so I decided to try it.  So far, I have not had any luck in getting the thing to write.  I am an experienced fountain pen user, so I understand how some pens can be finicky or idiosyncratic, so I have tried everything I know how to do, to no avail.  The pen does not write no matter what I try.  My guess is that some people get lucky, and happen to get a good one, while others are not so fortunate, and get one of the ones that simply doesn't work. It seems to be pure chance, and that's how it is with cheap pens:  you never can tell what you might get when you order.  So before you order, just think:  how lucky do you feel today? Extremely problematic and unreliable
Glad I tried this before giving it as a gift.  I am fine with having to baby a pen, wash it, reset the nib, all of that. But this is twice now that I've somehow gotten the cap stuck on the pen to the point where I can't get it off. And I am not a beast in hand strength. Right now, it's stuck I think permanently and honestly I'm about to throw it out.I so wanted to like this pen, but I can't.  It wrote well when I had it loaded, but I finished that ink and was rinsing it to change color ink and that's what got me in this fix! I can't use a pen where I&#34;m going to have aggravation every time I have to refill it!  I'd rather spend a bit more on a Lamy and have a reliable pen I love.  I regret spending money on this. Absolutely unhappy
Why in the world do they call this thing a "docking station"?  A docking station should have some method ingrained in its design to neatly and safely charge small electronic devices.  Since most modern people have at least two or three such devices which need charging every night, and most of us also have spouses or children who also have two or three, a docking station should have at least five or six spaces to charge, and plugs and switches to accommodate the cords.  This box not only does not accommodate enough devices, but its only feature which in any way makes it a receptacle for charging is that it has holes drilled in it where you can thread the cords.  There are no outlets or switches on the box.The box is heavy and cumbersome.  It also has very sharp edges.  The thing looks like it should be in someone's garage or shop to hold -- I don't know, maybe small tools or something.  You do not want this ugly thing in your kitchen or office.  I really don't get the locked drawer at the bottom, either.  If you care enough to lock up something valuable, then why lock it in a portable box which a potential thief could just pick up and walk off with it?This thing is stupid.  A waste of materials. It's a clunky, ugly steel box
I am a pen fanatic.  I have lots of them for every writing mood.  I purchased purple and peacock blue pens.  I liked the way they wrote;  smooth, no skipping, very comfortable grip.  But after about a month they both started leaking.  For the first month they were stored flat and leaked a little making small blobs on the paper.  Over Thanksgiving weekend they were stored pen point down and the following Monday had big ink blobs on the end of the pen and after repeatedly wiping it off both continued to leak while I wrote.  In the trash they went.  Too bad, loved the colors and liked how they wrote.  No joy in these InkJoy pens. Leaked After a Month
UPDATE:  Days are now colder and I am demanding more of my foot heater.  The Fellowes Heat & Slide Footrest doesn't do an adequate job of keeping my feet warm (I have to slide my foot around the footrest to find the heat).  On the flip side, my favorite foot heater (Vornado, see below), does an excellent job of keeping my feet warm (& I love the fan).  I've down-rated the Fellowes from 3 stars to 1 star.  Spend your money on the Vornado & you won't be disappointed.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I LOVE a good Foot Heater & have been using theVornado EH1-0039-06 225-Watt SoleAire Foot Rest and Personal Space Heaterfor the past 3 years in my office.  The Vornado has a fan & does a great job of distributing heat. The only drawback of the Vornado is that it has a fixed foot position & if you try to move the footrest, sometimes the rubber feet with come off & you have to bend down to put them back in.This Fellowes Foot Heater does not have a built in fan & warms your feet with a gentle warmth that takes a little time to get warm once you turn it on.  The heat seems to come from the middle (around your foot arch) & mine seems to be warmer on my left foot side.  The foot heater does an OK job but you have to be shoe-free to enjoy the gentle warmth that this machine provides.The Fellowes heater gives the user the ability to adjust their foot position, which is a nice feature.  However, the heater moves fairly easily, so it seems that I am constantly adjusting my foot position & sometimes have to bend down under my desk to adjust it by hand.I have let the "time" expire on the foot heater a couple of times.  When that happens, the red button flashes.  The first time this happened, I simply pushed the flashing button & it stopped.  The second time, I had to unplug the unit a couple of times before I could get the button to stop flashing.I will use this Fellowes heater in my home office because it is here.  If I had to choose the Vornado over the Fellowes (price not a factor), I would choose the Vornado without hesitation. Inferior Product.  Warms the Middle of Your Feet Only. Doesn't Stay Adjusted.
(Edit: changed to 1 star.  Broke after about a month.  No longer heats up.  All it did was sit under my desk.  Original review follows.)Kinda disappointed in the heat output of this, but then, I guess you can only get so much out of 90 watts.  It is what it says it is, though, and it doesn't have the problems of many competitors I read the reviews of.  Namely, that they smell like burning rubber when turned on and they don't have an on/off switch.  This one has no strange smells coming out of it and not only is there an on/off switch on the front but it turns off automatically after 8 hours, which is perfect.I got it mainly for the office, which is never warm enough (and is actually worse in the summer, when the building blasts AC) and I didn't think they'd approve of a 300+ watt space heater, which, aside from burning electricity, tends to raise fears of burning the building down.I like the textured surface and the way the footrest angles.  The ability to warm the tops of your feat by putting them underneath seems a bit of a stretch though because it's just a pad that radiates heat -- you aren't getting much heat without putting your feet on top of it.So, my guess is you'll probably wish it was warmer, but there's no apparent drawbacks to it.  Incidentally, the thermostat makes an audible "bloop" sound when it goes off and on, which is weird, but whatevas. Better than the alternatives, I guess?
I use regular black Sharpie Markers all the time, and I probably own dozens of them. They're all over the house and my office, in every drawer and cubby-hole, and there's even one in my commuter bag. So I usually love Sharpie products, and I looked forward to reviewing these markers. Accepting the Sharpie Company's claims that these Sharpie Brush Tip Permanent Markers would allow me to "write on almost any surface- from glass, wood and stone to plastic or metal and, of course, paper," I decided to conduct my own extremely unscientific tests to prove or disprove the manufacturer claims.The markers passed the basic paper test, but were a complete and radical failure on every other kind of surface I tested. I tried something I've done on the cover of other books I own, writing my name on the outside front cover. Five minutes later, I touched the ink, and it smeared. FAIL #1. This would not happen with a regular Sharpie Marker. Test #2: I wrote my name on a plastic water bottle, left it alone for about 15 minutes, came back, and was able to easily smear the ink with my finger. FAIL #2. Test #3: A glass bottle, I swiped the outside of the bottle with one of these markers, left it alone for 20 minutes, came back, and was able to easily smear the ink with one finger. Fail #3. Unlike regular Sharpie markers, these are neither indelible or permanent. If I'd paid for them, I would have taken them back to the store for a refund, and if there was an option to leave -star or no stars at all, that's what I would do. 1 out of 5 is too kind for these markers. Fail! Easily smear, even after being left to dry for an extended period of time
THEY DON'T WORK. I'VE HAD 3 OUT OF 14 OF THEM WORK. I've bought tons of inks on amazon, never had this problem... I'm past the 30 day mark so I can't return them. Might as well throw $15 in the toilet, it's less frustrating. PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DO NOT BUY THESE, also the plastic tabs covering the holes don't come off. Whole thing is a major rip off from start to finish. And yes, I'm a real buyer, I have tons of reviews. DO  NOT  BUY WARNING: DO NOT BUY THIS
I purchased this for home office and it has been nothing but a problem from the start. Ink jets (using the ink that was provided with the printer) do not work, scanner takes forever- all in all a big disappointment. scanner takes forever- all in all a big disappointment.
decided to purchase a printer based primarily on price, as most home printers tend to die after a few years. I immediately regretted the decision. This printer is plagued with problems:- Chokes on big files...prints the first few pages and then just sputters...- Routinely loses it's network settings, requiring you to re-enter them. This is a very painful process because the printer lacks a keyboard- The print quality is BRUTAL in any format. Forget about photos with this one.- You need to unplug it sometimes because it becomes completely unresponsive.- It uses a LOT of ink. This is a very painful process because the printer lacks a keyboard - The ...
Samsung SCX-3405FW Wireless Monochrome Printer with Scanner, Copier and FaxThis is a nice little multifunction unit that is quiet.  It installed easily but slowly.  The software installation took quite awhile but it does need to install software for faxing, printing, scanning and copying.On the other hand, the wireless installation went very smoothly.  My E1200n router does not have the easy button that Samsung was looking to find.  However once I opened the router software up, it had a software easy install button and once I pushed it and the button on the printer, Viola!, I had connection.The wireless connection was very fast.  I was also impressed with the high quality of the scan and the copy.  I didn't even test the fax part, it is nice to have if you need it but I have only sent and received two faxes in maybe four or five years.I was not impressed with the screen on the unit.  It is hard to read head on and practically impossible to read from any angle.The software installed without a skip on Win7, Vista and XP.  I test printed from all three OS without a flaw.  This unit sells for $163.28 at Amazon and appears to be a very good value.Stats:Fast, compact Black & White Laser Multifunction Printer with easy Built-in Wireless setup.  Fast 21 ppm speeds and quick first page out time for less time waiting.  10,000 Monthly duty cycle for more reliability from your printer.Consumables:The toner is Samsung MLT-D101S/XAA Toner 1.5K Yield (ML-2165W, SCX-3405FW, SF-760P) $61.24 at Amazon and $82 at Staples.Update 10/25/12  The wireless aspect of this printer died yesterday.  I ran a meter on my wireless signal at the signal strength is unchanged.  I tried to connect to the printer using Windows 7, Windows Vista and Windows XP.  None of the systems or OS would connect.  I hooked up the printer via Ethernet and all worked fine.  Sadly with Ethernet I had to reinstall the Samsung software on each computer which was surprisingly labor intensive.  The printing, faxing and scanning aspects of this work just fine but the wireless function has bitten the dust after such a short period of time.  I have downgraded my rating by two stars.Update 10/31/12  The Ethernet aspect of the printer died yesterday.  I could not connect from two different Ethernet switches or from three different OS on three different systems.  It appears that the printer is having cascading failures and I am waiting for the final shoe to drop. It is now connected to a single computer with USB and I will see how long that method of connection continues to work.  Alas, I really liked this unit when it worked properly. Wireless Failure after 3.5 months of Use.
This is my second cannon printer that failed miserably after a jam. It grips onto paper and shreds it on its way out while just doing normal print jobs. What an utter disappointment. The setup went smooth for printing but had compatibility issues with its scanning feature and was forced to use workaround. I would never recommend this printer or any other cannon printer for that matter. Wow.. Horrid!
Not clear at all......got a lemon I bought this for our second home....Now that we are spending more time there I noticed that the only way to hear well was to use it on speaker phone. So I bought a V-tech...It was that phone totally clarity Not clear at all......
I installed the software which too a long time, I think close to 15 minutes or more. Then I hooked up the scanner and I don't know if I got a lemon or what but half the time it does not recognize that there is anything in the scanner but I keep getting a message that the scan is complete and do I want to scan more. I am sincerely hate this little scanner even if it did work right there is very little that it can do. It can scan to a jpeg, pdf and something else (I can't get the software to load right now) there is no sorting like some scanners will and the resolution isn't that great either.It instals several things on your computer and there is no easy way to uninstall all of this garbage, they don't include anything to uninstall the whole package so I am doing a system restore so that I can remove everything.In conclusion I do not recommend this scanner, it has proven to be more of a frustration than anything. Not worth my time
In my old post, I wrote: Recently, I've been having to use the post office more than usual. It's become a hassle to keep taking trips but I always guarantee my buyers 24 hour shipping. This scale came lightweight and a good size for home use. Item size is 7.84 " x 5.67" x 2.28" which makes it perfect to store away in a drawer or something. It's lightweight and is powered with a 9v battery backed by a 10 year warranty. It's got auto off feature and a hold feature for reading. I'm happy with this purchase mainly because of the battery usage. I didn't want something I'd need to plug in.UPDATE: It stopped working after 2 uses. I replaced the battery and it turned on and then it stopped working again. Tried to replace the battery again and it wouldn't turn on. There's no AC adapter either, so I would recommend buying one with a battery and AC adapter so you have the option. Loved it when it worked for one day, but haven't used it since because it stopped working. So much for me raving about it. UPDATE: IT CRAPPED OUT ON ME AFTER 2 USES
I got this printer for free to review, so the price was right! And I have had other HP printers that were quite good, so I was pretty excited to get a new one. I have installed a LOT of printers in the past, and 4 that were wireless. I installed the printer from the CD, to try to avoid a lot of extra waiting. I followed instructions, hit the e-print button on the printer, reconnected 4X to my wireless network, etc. etc. and after an hour and a half of trying everything recommended to get it to print wirelessly, finally gave up on it and tried it directly connected. After doing so, I had to print a seperate printer (it installs the HP and HP (wireless) seperately, so you must pick the right one if you are connected or not connected).Once I had the printer physically connected, my prints came out sharp and clear, and the printer was not very noisey, but it does shake my entire table when it is doing an 'set up' or checks. This printer installation, also UNINSTALLED my other HP printer, which I still use since it is a WIDE FORMAT one! And yes, I did not even check to install all of the options, but have 3 new HP icons on the desktop.As to other complaints I have read, all printers seem to be running this 'scam' where you pay very little for a printer, but pay a lot for the ink, and none of them that I seem to get come with full cartridges, just tiny 'starter' ones. But the HP ink seems to be the most expensive, and most of the newer printers have made it impossible to get their ink cartridges refilled. But making you have all of the colors of ink for doing a black print, when you have black ink available (sometimes when black ink is low, the other 3 colors will 'mix' to stretch the black) is inexcusable.This printer was made in China, and obvious had close to zero testing or usability studies done before shipping it. Could not get it to print wirelessly!
I bought a Uniden Cordless Phone/Answering Machine over ten years ago and never had one single problem with it.  It was a great phone.  So when the battery finally died on the old phone, I naturally decided to go with another Uniden.  Boy, was that a HUGE mistake.First, this phone is half the weight of the older model.  It's made of cheap plastic.  I hooked it up, charged the handset and it worked okay for about 6 weeks except for a few problems with an echo on the sound.  I fiddled with the volume and it got somewhat better, so I kept the phone.  I wish I'd sent it back right then.  Now when it rings I push the 'talk' button to answer it and sometimes it picks up and sometimes it doesn't.  The button seems to be faulty.  When it does pick up and I'm talking, if my cheek even lightly touches the pause button, the caller goes kaput and I can't hear them.  When I try to rectify the problem, the phone hangs up.  It is very frustrating.  At other times, I'll be talking and it just goes dead for no reason.  Also, the redial button on the bottom of the phone does not work at all.  It just stopped working.If you're looking for a good, inexpensive phone....DO NOT BUY THIS ONE!!!  It is not the high quality Uniden Phone of the past.  This one will be going into my garbage and I'll be buying a different brand from a local box store.  I'm ashamed of Amazon for selling such a low quality, piece of crap product. Horribly Disappointed!!!
Awful reception. Beyond awful.  We have used cordless phones for years....both at home and at our business.  Over time I would say we've had at least six different types.  Mostly Panasonic, but our last one was a Uniden and we were completely satisfied with all of our past phones.After having a bad experience with this phone a few months ago, I foolishly decided to have it replaced instead of just being credited for the purchase price.Multiple calls were made to the Uniden &#34;help&#34; number, but none of their suggestions worked.  Talking on this phone is like talking on a cell phone that has bad reception.  Or maybe two cans with a wax string connection it would be nice to have the option rate this product lower
I don't have time to reboot it and my laptop every time I want to print.  Secondly, I don't have time to replace the smallest ink tanks, I have ever seen, so frequently, five of them; I suspect it is prompting me before the tank is empty.  It does have nice features, duplex, double-sided feeder in and out.  But the time I spend rebooting and replacing ink is more than I save from the duplex feature.  If I have to do a manual intervention one time in 10, that is too unreliable for me.  I don't think it is up to that level of unreliability.  My gut feeling is that it is more like 50-50 whether I will get a print the first time I send it.  It replaced a Brother which was much more reliable, lower cost and much larger ink tanks.  I wish I had bought another Brother.  I wrote this review while waiting for it to print.  It still hasn't started the one-page job I sent it.  So once again, I will troubleshoot and probably end up rebooting printer and laptop.  I suspect their software is just as unreliable as their hardware.  I'm printing from a Mac.  I think the PC users are getting better results, but the number of support calls have increased from them as well.  Still no response from my print job; it says a system error has occurred.  I think the network connectivity is not robust in wireless mode; the wireless router it is accessing is located within 5 feet.  The mechanical parts works well.  It might be a good printer for you if connected with USB but you won't like the small ink tank size.  I think the failures may frequently be a function of sensing that an ink tank is empty.  It will probably run better if the ink tank is immediately replaced when alerted. Trouble, trouble, trouble
The printer works OK on wired network or USB connections. The print quality is only average, but overall it's OK. I bought this printer to replce an HP color laser printer. I was looking for lower cost of ownership and support for portable devices such as an iPad. Portable device support requires a wireless network connection, and this printer is a complete failure on wireless. I tried all three wireless configuration modes. In all three modes the printer says it has found the wireless access point and successfully joined the network, yet the printer cannot be accessed by any other device. I checked my router and found the printer did not request or obtain an IP address despite its claim of successfully joining the network. Apparently DHCP is not working on the printer. Canon being Canon, you cannot manually configure settings to provide a static IP address, so the printer is useless for wireless access. I have many other wireless devices at my home and have never had any problems getting a wireless connection. My network uses a current model Cisco router so it's not an outdated technology problem. Bottom line: I would not buy this product again and probably will not consider Canon printers again any time soon.Update: Even using a wired network connection, the Canon 892 is failing. It worked wired for a few days. Now the printer is always showing offline even though it is powered on and the display panel is lit. Cycling power sometimes gets the printer back online, but even that is intermittent. The canon driver software cannot find the printer on several PC's on my network, rendering this printer useless. It is a complete waste of time and money. I am returning it and writing off Canon. This printer is JUNK! Forget Wireless Printing
**2014 UPDATE**:  Google Voice support ends on May 15 2014 so I would not recommend purchasing this device.Previous review text below.I did have success sending faxes, and I like the two phone lines which can be used concurrently on a single Google Voice account (for example you can talk on one phone port and concurrently send a fax on the other).Unlike Ooma, note that voice calls on the OBi are transferred across the internet in unencrypted format so could possibly be eavesdropped by a third party.  But also unlike Ooma, Google Voice is [WAS] free and feature-rich without having to pay any monthly Ooma taxes or for an Ooma Premier subscription.Google Voice is interesting, and I would encourage prospective OBi buyers to create a Google Voice account and try out some of its free features with your existing phone (such as call forwarding to multiple phones and voice-to-text messaging) independently from purchasing this device.  The OBi202 looks like a Google Chat device, and note that you need to provide your Google password to OBihai in order for it to work.  Note that Google Voice does not support 911.You will REQUIRE a computer with a web browser to create the Google Voice account, and to reply to CAPTCHA prompts if used in another state, and to buy international minutes if needed.If you bring the OBi with you while traveling or if you program it all up and send it to grandma so she can call you for free, note that the OBi202 won't be able to log into Google Voice from another state due to a Google Voice security feature.  Specifically, the OBi202 cannot get past Google's CAPTCHA login prompt so can't log in from a state other than where the Google Voice account was created (it should theoretically be possible to get past this by logging into the Google Voice account on a computer with a web browser from the out-of-state location, but if in a hotel and no computer you're out of luck).  This issue makes me wonder how long it will be before Google makes some login change that will render all of these devices useless, since the OBi does not show the advertising that you would normally see on your PC while using Google Voice.Another issue is that our home alarm system could not dial out consistently with the OBi202 device since the DTMF timing from the alarm system was a little different from what the OBi202 expected.  Using a speed-dial helped with the dialing issue, but the data transmission was often interrupted by glitches on the line as well (regardless of router VOIP QOS settings).  Customer service could not resolve these issues, so had to stick with a different communication path for the alarm system. No Google Voice support after May 15 2014
This is an okay fountain pen - you get what you pay for. I'm still new to the fountain pen hobby, but I really don't like this pen....Here's some background info of other pens I've tried:Lamy SafariLamy Vista2 x Pilot MetropolitanParker UrbanI've tried this fountain pen with two kinds of ink: Noodler's Bulletproof black ink and the J. Herbin Anniversary red ink [more runny]. This pen was scratchy in use, skipped a good bit, and generally was a bad writing experience overall.To be honest, I'd recommend the Pilot metropolitan over this, since it's in the same price range. I lost my first pilot metropolitan and IMMEDIATELY ordered another one to replace it [its that great]. This one...I feel life would be doing me a favor if I just forgot about it. Forever.The screw cap....just, why? It's so horribly designed that I can't possibly imagine a use for it. It's such a hassle to remove and put back on that I never take it out to my lectures to take notes. Heck, it never leaves its place in the back of my drawer for this reason [as well as the issues in writing]. I've tried cleaning the pen out, etc etc etc, yet it still fails to write nicely.The housing is also relatively cheap. It's okay at best. It did come with a lot of ink cartridges and a converter, but really, that wasn't a huge added bonus since I despised writing with it. My hand even hurt after a while just writing with it [hand cramps that you would experience after writing a lot]. Yuck. I would only use it if the plane I was on crashed, and I was left on a little island in the middle of nowhere with nothing but this and paper....although I may be better off just using it's pointy little tip of the nib to kill myself, because who would want to re-experience the writing with it?Nemosine, I'll gladly send this pen back to you. I don't want it. Please.My suggestion: for a pen that is similarly priced, try out the pilot metropolitan or the lamy safari, which are both much higher quality in terms of durability and writing experience. Yeah. I regret this purchase.
Got this for my dad who needed it on his fax line, yes people still have fax lines, who knew??!  It worked very briefly then broke right after the 30 day return policy was up.  I'd avoid this unit like the plague! Pretty Much Junk That Will Break
Do NOT BUY THIS ANSWERING MACHINE unless you enjoy frustration and wasting your money! It works for about a month, and not really well, then dies - too late to return it naturally.V-Tech DS6121-3 DECT 6.0 Digital Three Handset Answering System with Caller ID (Silver/Gray). Waste of money
There are three things about this product are so annoying that I'll probably just end up tossing it in the trash (got if free) and getting something else.1 - My previous answering machine was loud enough to hear in at the other end of the house. This one I can hardly hear in the next room.2 - The recorded sound is not that clear and I often have to replay messages to understand what people are saying.3 - (And this is the most annoying of all). I routinely screen my calls so I know who's calling before I pick up the phone. So the first thing a caller says before I pick up becomes a message. After the conversation is over I can't delete the message without first starting to listen to it. Aarrgh.UPDATE - July 19, 2011The delete button has started to wear out. I have to push it twice to get a message deleted.This product really is junk. Thumbs Down
Be ready to buy lots of these.  Buy the XL if you can as your lucky to get 1 month use out of these until the ink runs out.. Not a good buy
I thought these were the B2B gel pens when I ordered them. my mistake. But I kept them because they are partially recycled. But no one likes to write with them yuck
The printer works fine.Page print speed is amazing.Wireless setup shows as having worked, but doesn't actually work.  Not sure why.Review edit:Stopped working three days after the return period ended.  It now just prints black pages. wireless settup still not good
I really like brother laser printers and have several. In fact I returned this design-flawed unit and replaced it with another Brother, so the following review isn't spiteful.I've read several reviews of this brother HL5470W blowing circuit breakers. But, I'll go one better. When we plugged in this little monster and turned it on it blew out our surge protector. Destroyed the thing not just tripped it. I actually think it did that because my whole house is wired with 20-amp circuits and it just burned out the weakest link. After speaking with Brother tech support, it appears that this particular model has an unusually high start-up amperage compared with all their other fine products. It shouldn't be on the market. Think big surge!
That's what someone in a forum I was in looking for a solution said who worked at HP saying that HP employees thought of this printer.  &#34;A pud of a printer&#34; is what she said it as known as around the HP Printer Dept.  And they're right, it's the worst!  The worst thing is a known issue at HP with this printer is that it keeps turning itself off no matter what you do!  I mean, why wouldn't HP give you and option whether you wanted to go into &#34;ecosmart&#34; mode, which shuts the printer off to save energy?  Huh?  How stupid is that???  So, I have my printer in the basement, and print out my ebay labels from my computers on the first and second floor.  Then I go down and see that it didn't print.  Then I turn it on and sometimes it prints all the labels from the day before when I had to use a different printer because of it's failure to print.  It's a disaster and going back to the &#34;stapler company&#34;.  Hopefully they're as good with returns as Amazon. A "pud" printer.
I had exactly the polar opposite experience as the rest of the posters. Mine held strong and was utilized as a holder for my keys. It worked fine and after about 6 months of use I was getting ready to move and attempted to remove it by pulling the adhesive strip out (as it says to do). What took place as I was doing it really makes me mad, it took a few inches off. I'm upset as they clearly and falsely advertise that it's "damage free." Use this product at your own risk and under the assumption that it WILL damage paint/wall. Don't do it if you value your paint
The box that this was shipped in was sturdier than this file box!  Definitely not worth $9.99!  I suppose there s some value as a letter storage container, but I would be ashamed to set it out where anyone can see it.  Don't waste your money.  I got this from Vine for free, but feel guilty that money was spent to ship it to me. Cheap cardboard
In addition to the box being flimsy, it's quite poorly designed. The carrying holes are at awkward places, and the way the front bends open does not properly line up with the back opening for comfortable carrying. What a torrential waste of money. Seriously??
Ok this is at best a silly product and at worst a bit of flim-flam. It is a thin, light weight cardboard box that has a cut out at the top to be used as a "handle". It fits inside a drawer or on a counter top easily enough and it's made out of some recycled content and that is the extent of the good things I can say. If you fill this box up with papers and carry it around with the "handle" then you risk tearing it and losing all your papers when it falls to the ground.And the price? HOLY COW! For 10 dollars I could buy a bunch of manila folders and labels to organize with and still have some cash left over. I think I'll stick with my Smead container that has a fold over flap and is made of a light plastic with dividers inside. Ridiculously overpriced - flimsy cardboard
I carry a lot of files around: inevitably, some of these end up loose in my car because I grab them off my desk on my way out the door.  I keep saying I am going to stop creating paperwork and completing paperwork, but there you go.  Anyway I thought this would be an easy way to catch some of those loose files, and it was, for a one time use, which makes it a very expensive, or cheap, file holder, depending on how you look at it.The color is nice Not very useful for files, or papers
After trying out this Smead "File Box", I had to read the other reviews, just in case I was missing out on something.  But I wasn't.  It really is every bit as pathetic as my first impression.Here's my stream of thoughts as I started with this:- plastic shrink wrap, need a key or knife or something to get this open...- cardboard?  Seriously?- Dude, the shrink wrap was tougher than the "finish" on this box, I already scratched the blue paint!- it says fold-lock bottom, let's see... okay, I see what they're *trying* to do, but one push from the side and this will collapse- okay, what about these side flaps? Are they supposed to fold in, or ... huh?  I don't understand them.- fold-handle front thingy... umm  Sorry - my hand is bigger than that. This handle must be sized for, I dunno, maybe ten-year-olds?- and with folders inside it, the handles are blocked anyway!  This is worse than useless!And again - cardboard.Seriously - the Amazon shipping box that this came in has far more value than this pathetic Smead File Box product.  Even getting it free, this thing is not worth the time I put into testing it or writing this review. I can't believe anyone would buy this, ever.
Record keeping grows in complexity and importance requiring a system to keep from drowning in paperwork.  That is the goal of the Smead MO file box and that is exactly what it is - a box.  If you have few records to store and do not mind spending $10 for a box, then this is a reasonable solution.  However, most of us have more than a few files to store between bank records, warrantees, receipts, tax forms etc.  A copier paper box works better for these situations and has a significant cost and capacity to meet the need.  It does not look as nice, but storage rather than presentation is the primary focus of a product like this. Its a box
This is a flimsy, cheap looking, poorly designed file box. I was hoping to bring it with me to conferences, when I often have many handouts for various sessions I lead, but this looks so juvenile and unprofessional that it won't work. The navy exterior looks cheap and came with a small scratch and the white cardboard interior is visible from the outside, making it look shoddy. I would expect at least three or four for this price; one for ten dollars is ridiculous. The bottom was hard to put together and still doesn't sit properly, making it collapse on itself half the time if I try to pick it up by the handles, which are neither comfortable nor properly spaced.I've repurposed it to hold some children's books in my son's room for now, but it's not going to hold up long until I put it in the recycling bin.What a disappointment! Not sturdy, keeps flattening itself, and causes more problems than it solves
I hate hanging files for many reasons I won't bother to enumerate. I was hoping to use this file case as an alternative.  I had planned to put a bunch of them in my file cabinet and drop file folders into them.Problem #1: Even if you do figure out (without instructions) how to assemble the case so that the bottom actually serves as a bottom, it won't stay that way. The bottom keeps popping open.  I solved that problem by taping it shut.  Shouldn't have to do that, though, so we're off to a rocky start.  Furthermore, even after I taped the bottom, the case does not remain rectangular. Because of how it is packaged for shipping, it keeps trying to morph back into a non-rectangular parallelogram.Problem #2: File folders do not fit easily into the case.  They do fit, but just barely, and only if your papers are fully contained within the folder before you try to put the folder in the case.Problem #3: If you try to use the case as a container for loose paper, the papers will sag to the bottom unless you really cram it full of paper, or unless you put the paper in other containers before you put it in the case.I suppose some people will find a good use for this thing, but unfortunately it didn't satisfy any of my needs. Good idea, poor execution
There are many holders like this that expand and hold standard size paper and documents.  They are useful.  This one is stiff which can be good but it is hard for the top sides (with the handles) to come together because the cardboards are not bendable.  It also does not expand because the sides are solid and firm.  Without any expansion feature, it is hard to gather the two sides without bending the whole structure which I don't really want to do.  I am not sure if it trys to be a protective box for storage (thus explains its stiffness) or a convenient carrier so the handles may be gathered for such purpose.  It doesn't do either job completely well.  I also have no idea what the two small side flaps are for. Too Stiff
For the price of this file box, what's the point?  There are no dividers, no folders, no anything.  The file box that I received was torn in places, discolored, and flimsy.  Overall, very disappointing folder that I otherwise would have used. Terrible file box
Smead's MO File Box is made from cardboard.  It looks and feels cheap, but is not priced that way.  Setting up the file box is easy enough, it comes packaged flat and expanding it to lock into a box is simple and quick.  Once expanded, you have a small cardboard box capable of holding things.  Wow!  The interior bottom is not flat because this is where the box locks into place, another negative.  I cannot recommend this file box to anyone. Expensive Cardboard Box
This is a file case made of thin corrugated paper material with an attractive, contemporary tone-on-tone, shiny-on-flat design that unfortunately accentuates the corrugations.  The surface with the design seems to be a sheet of shiny stock because the ink scratched off exposing the white surface when I was unwrapping it using a pair of scissors and then again when trying to fit it in a file cabinet.  (I thought it might be plastic but it burns rather than melts when a flame is held to it.)It has two cut-out handholds but they are at different heights, only the front flap folds inwards, and they are blocked by papers or file folders so they are only good for a two-handed lift and for that they're not needed, anyway.There is a matching accessory slipcover sold separately that should be included instead--or better yet, a lid that fastens with Velcro instead of the useless handholds, which should be on the ends, not the sides. It should also come with a piece of cardboard to cover the inside of the bottom which has flaps that self-assemble when the box is unfolded but which then won't lay flat and don't seem very secure.  The box is also more of a parallelogram than a rectangle because it won't quite stay unfolded.The description on Amazon is wrong at this time: it doesn't expand except from flat to unfolded.  It is 3 in. deep and holds roughly 1 1/2 reams of standard copy paper.Overall, this file case is rather flimsy, doesn't carry very easily or even function well as a simple box, isn't durable, and looks like something from the $0.99 store once it's scratched up.  I got this as a review sample and am still very disappointed because I was going to use it for tax papers but didn't want to leave it out on my desk.  I ended up cutting off the useless front flap and using part of it to line the bottom.  Since the box is all scratched up (and singed), I'm just going to use it in the front of the file cabinet drawer to hold supplies. A good concept poorly executed
Like other reviews I've read, this is a piece of junk.  Made out of cardboard it doesn't stand up to large amounts of paper very well.  It is flimsy for the amount of paper you are supposed to be able to put in it.  It rips easily.  Don't just walk away from it...RUN!  Look for something more sturdy or plastic.  It just isn't worth it! Piece of Junk
Okay folks, I will save you a ton of reading, don't buy it. Even if you have money to burn....the heat you get from throwing the bills into the fireplace will give you better value than buying this "file box."Okay, so here goes..... "Holds up to 750 sheets," it says. And that is true. In fact, I'm sure it will hold "up to," a million sheets (depending on the size of each sheet). In the real world, one would expect a "letter size" file box to hold 750 letter sized sheets of paper, normal paper. Probably if you really squeezed them in, but then good luck getting them out.....and I'm still not sure, as the pack I put in was 500 sheets and it doesn't look like I can get another 250 in there. I also don't understand what the 3 inch expansion means. Folks, once you open it that's it, it does not "expand." I also cannot understand why the front of it folds down. When you fold it down the handles do not line up, so what's the point? Lastly, this is thin cardboard. That's it. Nothing fancy. Aka, no reason to be this expensive.There are some positives: it does hold paper, you can put it together easily, it has cut out handles, and it has a nice finish. That's it. Sorry folks. I really thought this would come in handy, but I use it to store construction paper for the kids. Too expensive for a cardboard box!
This file box is an insult to consumers. It is terribly overpriced! I do not recommend it at all.I originally thought it would be that sort of sturdy plastic coated cardboard, but no, it's not. It's just cardboard and not sturdy.It pops up into shape in literally 5 seconds, but that is the ONLY positive remark can make about it.The bottom is tucked pieces of the cardboard, so it never really is flat and it WILL pop open from the weight of the papers inside, if you would try to lift it from the handle cutouts at the top.Which brings me to the "handles."  You would think those little cutouts on the top flaps were to be used as handles, but good luck with actually accomplishing that. One of the top flaps is made with a crease to fold in, but the other side is not. So, when you try to grab the box by the cutouts/handles, one side closes in and the other side stays upright and your fingers barely even reach to both sides. Even if you have really long fingers, it would be very uncomfortable/awkward. The openings are very small, as well.I am absolutely certain you can find something more sturdy, more functional for much less money. Terrible waste of money
This thing is a great concept, but totally worthless piece of cr*&%! Don't waste your money and especially don't give it as a gift. It's beyond me how someone would manufacture a product that doesn't work at all. It seldom cuts and mostly just tears the paper. The only thing good I can say is it's pretty well made and sturdy and it's a nice color. Designers, please go back to the drawing board on functionality! This is the worst gift I've ever gotten
Hard to use and very difficult to get to fit under the guide the paper must be fitted to.  I found this to be a pain in the rear and gave up after a short time trying to use it.  The few times I could get the paper positioned right the cut was good but it wasn't worth the time or effort.* PIECE OF JUNK TERRIBLE PRODUCT!!!
The scissor mouse sounded like a good idea; in actual use, it's way more trouble than it's worth. The bottom of the mouse features a flimsy little red plastic piece that fits under the paper you cut and guides it onto the cutter. Unfortunately, that piece is soft, flimsy and fragile and can be damaged way too easily. The mouse comes in one of those irritating blister packages and I ended up damaging it while unpacking, rendering the mouse unusable.The design could be tremendously improved by making the guide removable and bundling replacements, as well as adding a storage compartment for these replacements inside the mouse. Short of that, I can't recommend this product. A four year old will fare better and be less frustrated with plastic-lined rounded safety scissors than with this flawed gadget. Broke as I was taking it out of the packaging
I had some quality (heavy) wrapping paper, and this tore it, rather than cut it.  I did find that I had better luck pushing it down as I "cut" the paper, but it still started tearing it before I got through the width of paper.  I'll stick with scissors. Tore up my wrapping paper!
I thought the idea of the Westcott Scissor Mouse was quite unique. I was correct about the uniqueness; however, they don't work very well. The directions say to pull back the "mouse" so the paper will reach the blade which is covered by a plastic flap, and then slide forward and it will slice easily through the paper. Sounds great but it doesn't quite work that way. If you are lucky to even get the paper to get cut without getting all bunched up and torn, the bunching and tearing happens at the end of your cut. I used the "mouse" to cut out coupons, got frustrated and just used regular scissors. It may work well for wrapping paper where one straight cut end-to-end is all that's needed. Keep in mind you would have to use this on a hard, flat surface which might be difficult with a long roll of gift wrap. I give it 1 star for being a cute idea. Don't waste your money
Could not cut one piece of paper with this.  I tried different kinds of paper, coupon paper, regular paper, newspaper... it wouldnt cut anything.  All it would do was crunch up the paper.There is a 'guider' underneath & mine was a little to the side - dont know if that's why it wouldnt work.  But regardless, it made the cutter useless. Had to throw it away
This looks like it would cut through paper very easily, but don't be fooled.  It eats up paper instead.  There's a guide on the bottom that you need to hook the paper under, but the paper gets stuck.  After a lot of prodding, I managed to get it going, but when it came to the end of the paper, it wouldn't continue and ended up chewing up the last 3 ".There is a rotary blade in the bottom of this mouse-like instrument, which will cut through any surface you have it on, so don't cut your paper on a counter, table or any other surface you don't want to mark up.  Make sure you only use a cutting board when you use this.I'll stick to scissors. Looks easy, but it's not
This looks like a good idea, but its really just a different way of packaging one of those paper cutters where you put the paper into the guide.  For safety reasons this is designed with a guide on the bottom and the paper must be inserted into the guide.  The cutting (or more accurately tearing because the blade is not sharp enough to cut paper) occurs as the paper is pushed through the guide.  There is no visibility of where one is cutting.  I found this "mouse" much harder to use than a plain old scissors and the cutting job from this mouse was pretty messy. Not as good as a Scissors
Good price on the multi-color retail package - UPDATE:  I ordered these combo pack of ink cartridges in January 2013, and just went to install them in my printer - turns out they expired in April 2012.  The combo pack was advertised as coming in "retail packaging," but the cartridges arrived taped together without a box. My return window ended February 11, 2013 and I've contacted Amazon with assistance with a refund or a replacement from a different third-party vendor called SimpleIsKing but was to have been fulfilled by Amazon.  I'll update as necessary. Update - received expired cartridges
I won't bother with a full review as two issues make this printer essentially useless from my perspective...It is not truly wireless... from a networking standpoint, it plugs in WITH A WIRE to a wireless router, it does not itself connect to a wireless router wirelessly.And, its features are crippled with a Mac with a large assortment of options just not available that are available on a Windows computer. This Printer is Joke.
But I have yet to be able to print more than one lousy page with it! First, Mac OSX Maverick is not a supported driver, so I had to download a patch driver. I have fiber optics internet and it took 40 minutes to download. Then it was corrupt. Downloaded again, corrupt. Tried again and finally got it - three hours later.Backstory: not my first HP printer, not my first Mac. Have had four different laser printers from HP and countless inkjet printers over the years. Work on a Mac and have since they were grey little boxes.OK, got it to print a page and I was giddy with delight! I decided to go buck wild and print MORE PAGES. So, printing from Adobe Acrobat Pro, I selected 10 copies and clicked PRINT. For some unknown reason it printed 30 or so and ran out of paper. (I doubled checked, I had only selected 10 copies). That was the end of it. It tells me to "check the printer for errors". Then it says it needs paper, no it does not, it has paper. Greedy glutton printer must want more paper than it can hold for some reason.I have reinstalled the driver, followed the BIZARRE steps that HP recommends when you have the audacity to run out of paper ($#% you for not staying on top of the paper tray, idiots must be punished). None of them have helped. The various forums show I am not the only one with these issues. So, I sit here with a printer that does not work. I am limping along on my old LaserJet 1525 nw and now it has started being even more temperamental than it was. It says Needs Paper when it does not. I have to reboot the printer repeatedly to get one piece of paper to print.I will try tech support one more time on Monday. I know better than to call on the weekend. My husband tells me to buy yet another printer. I don't think it is the printer, it seems as if it is in the software that I downloaded.VERY VERY frustrated and disappointed in this entire purchase...EDITED: After three, yes three hours on the phone with HP Support, it is working...for now. Corrupt driver download that should not have ever even been able to work, worked enough for us to have a hard time figuring out. That made no sense, I know. The customer support guy was actually VERY nice, I felt bad when I did not buy the upgrade package he tried to sell. So, we will see. I cannot give this item any more stars, but I will re-edit in a few weeks. Also, it should not have been this much stress to get to this stage... I wish I could tell you how the HP LaserJet Pro 200 prints...
These are pretty cheap. Two of them came with dented/deformed covers. I do not expect them to last. Maybe we won't even end up using them. Cheap
I lost almost $300 after my card was scanned and fraudulent charges were made while my card was inside this card holder.Go with an aluminum case from a reputable manufacturer like SHARKK.I do not recommend this product. No protection from scanning
Does not work with windows 8 !!!!Brother tech support could not get the unit to work with their own software.The software available for download does not install.Control Center does not work!Stay away from it... though this machine works great on older systems xp, vista and win7 (with issues). Does not work with windows 8
I was tired of using my slow, ink-hogging inkjet printer to print invoices and black and white documents so I decided to give a laser printer a try. This one had the two biggest items on my wish list: 500-sheet capacity and high-capacity toner cartridges.After receiving and unpacking it, the next step in the quick-start guide was to plug it in and turn it on. About three seconds after turning it on a circuit breaker blew and all the power went off in my bedroom-turned-home office. I reset the circuit breaker and tried again--same thing. I tried a third time with everything in the room turned off and it again blew the circuit breaker.I did some research on the problem and it turns out blowing circuit breakers is not uncommon with Brother laser printers. None of the reviews for this particular model complained about this, but if you look at the reviews for this printer's less-expensive cousin, theBrother HL5450DN, there are many people reporting this problem.One thing my research uncovered is that modern building codes dictate that bedrooms have an extra level of protection in the circuit breakers vs. other rooms in the house. I probably could have set this printer up somewhere else and it would have worked. However, this would have meant putting it downstairs (with my home office being upstairs), which would simply not have worked for me.I was determined not to go back to my inkjet, so I returned this printer and purchased aHP LaserJet Pro 400. According to the manufacturers' specs, this Brother printer uses 727 watts of power while printing, and the HP 570 watts. I don't know if it's the difference in power consumption or some other factor, but I've had the HP for several days and it works in my home office without a problem. It's more expensive, and in order to get 500-sheet capacity you need to purchase an additional tray (which costs half the price of the printer!), but I haven't seen any reviews complaining of it causing power problems, and it worked successfully in my case when the Brother didn't.The Brother HL6180DW has a great feature list and looking at the other reviews it's clear that it works great for some people. If you are going to try this printer in a home office setting, I would very strongly suggest shutting down your computer before turning the printer on. I didn't, and had a tense situation when I turned my computer back on and Windows ran the "check disk" start-up utility and found a bunch of corrupt files on my hard disk. (Thankfully my computer came back up after running the utility for about an hour, and everything seems to be fine.) Shutting the power off on a running computer is a big no-no, so keep that in mind when powering up this printer for the first time. Unusable For Me - Trips Circuit Breaker
This tape is a pretty spring green color and you can write on it but it doesn't do the one thing tape is supposed to do, which is to stick. I wanted this to label my wires coming out of my various computer conponents. I wrote the type of each wire on a piece of this and wrapped it around each wire. I stuck the two ends of the tape to each other, sticky sides together, to make a little tag that would identify which wire went to which device. I was delighted with it.Until, much to my chagrin, after all the work, (I have over fifty wires) all the pretty little green tags were lying all over the floor. I had also put two pieces of tape on my electric stationary bike to identify a couple of mystery buttons, and they too were on the floor.If you need tape that sticks to something and remains that way don't buy this tape. The sticky side doesn't stick for more than two weeks. Disappointed
Unlike other Kodak scanners I've used, this one is a bit of a fail.  The scanner market is pretty full of options and I recommend opting out of this model.The scanner was difficult to set up. The included installation CD did not install the drivers properly. Numerous attempts to reinstall from the disk did not correct the issue.Finally, I was able to find the proper drivers and download them from the Kodak website.The scanner came with a power supply that had numerous interchangeable outlet plugs for use in other countries. It also came with a USB power plug that would allow the scanner to be powered by a laptop computer. This was in addition to the USB connector plug, so in order to power from the laptop while scanning, 2 USB ports would have to be used. According to the package instructions, using the USB power option diminishes the scan quality.  Scanning shouldn't be so hard :-)This device is very compact and could be packed in a computer case for travel.  One useful feature is the scanner will scan both sides of a double sided document at the same time. To be aware though, the side facing out will be the second page.  Overall, the full color scan quality is good for such a small device and once set up has been achieved, this product works as advertised.It doesn't appear to be compatible with Macs, however, and that's a whole other issue.  In the old days, I've had separate scanners for separate computers, but with the portability of scanners, being able to work seamlessly between operating systems should be a standard thing.  Seamless, however, is not the middle name of this scanner. Pass
Um, yeah. World's tiniest bulletin board?The bad: The dimensions listed include the frame. The frame is slightly larger than 1.5 inches wide (meaning more than 3 inches total space lost, when you include both sides or top and bottom).  The result is a usable cork area of only 7.75 x 13.75 (compared to 11 x 17 product size). Yes, that's right -- less than the width of a standard piece of paper if using in portrait orientation.The silly: the mounting screws that are included are far too large for a board of this diminutive size. Each screw is 1.5 inches long, and comes with a plastic anchor as well. Big holes in the wall, to hang a tiny bulletin board.The good: Cork is good, there's ample cardboard backing so even a longish push-pin (3/8 inch) won't go through to the wall behind, and the sticker with the Quartet logo is easily removed. Too bad they used such a large frame.Bottom line: Perfect if you need to pin up business cards (it will hold 16 cards, if you jam them right against each other), or four 3x5 photos (that's all it will hold). Otherwise, get a bigger board, or one with a smaller frame. Big frame, very small usable cork area
I can't believe Swingline put their name on this product.  When I received this stapler (which didn't even come packaged in any way) my first thought were, &#34;Where are the staples?&#34;  Nope, it doesn't come with a single staple.  I put staples I had at home in and it immediately jammed.  Usually, I'd think maybe I needed to buy better Swingline staples for the Swingline stapler, but in this case, I don't see that it's going to matter.  When I could staple without jamming, the whole thing is so cheap that I could only get the staple through a 2-3 sheets of paper.  Overall, this feels like a cheap, plastic stapler you'd get from the everything's a dollar store and certainly not something you'd expect to get from Swingline. Cheap
This is what I would call a &#34;throw away&#34; stapler. Cheaply made out of plastic, the stapler would not hold up to heavy use. I tested the stapler on a variety of textures of paper, and was able to staple up to the 30 pages in the description, but the results were variable. About every three or four uses, the staples got stuck in the opening, or would not work at all. The pluses? The stapler is attractive and extremely light, which means it would easily fit in a school bag or briefcase for occasional use. As a desk stapler, however, you'd be better off investing in a higher quality item that works consistently, and will last longer. Attractive, but cheaply made.
This is such a cute stapler that I bought it for work.  Oh too bad it's such a junk stapler!  Right away I could feel the poor quality.  Every time I stapled a stack of papers, the top would be loose.  I eventually threw it away.  Don't waste your money on this product! Cute, but poor quality!
In the year I have owned theEpson Expression Home XP-400 Wireless All-in-One Color Inkjet Printer, Copier, Scanner, I have had it replaced three times and ultimately given up.  My first unit, had issues with the printer head, every print came out a huge ink mess, I contacted Epson and they suggested I try purchasing replacement cartridges to fix the issue.  I didn't let that fly and asked if they were going to replace it (the printer was outside the store return policy).  After a little prodding they replaced my printer.The replacement printer was much worse than the original.  While I could deal with the fact that the scanner was excessively loud (grinding and popping), the replacement had a defective fax port and would not work for that function.  The printer also kept dropping off the network, where as the first one did not.  Since I use the Fax occasionally, and depend on wireless printing, this was going to be acceptable.  Again I contacted Epson to see about getting the printer replaced and they shipped a replacement.I honestly believe they sent the original printer back to me because after setup, the print that came out was a huge mess of ink everywhere.  I've decided to give up on Epson.  Though I can believe in a 'string of bad luck' or 'a couple defects before a dependable one shows up', this pattern is extremely disappointing.  I would not recommend this printer to anyone. A Disaster...
Amazon should remove printing from Android devices until Canon actually updates the app to allow you to print.  Make sure read the full description on Amazon's page or you will miss the disclaimer from Canon about not printing with Android until Dec. 2012.I would have stayed with my current Selphy ES2, which has the ink and paper all in the same cartridge.  If you are upgrading to this printer be aware that the paper and ink are separate.  I knew this when purchasing the CP900, so it does not bother me.Another downfall is the fact that there is no CF slot, which is odd because many of Canon's DSLRs use CF.  I have a 7D, so I will continue to use my older Selphy ES2 for quick prints.If you are considering purchasing the optional NB-CP2L battery make sure you purchase the CG-CP200 Charger Adapter because it is required, so you end up spending more money then the cost of printer to make the printer portable.  Additionally, the CG-CP200 adapter is not sold in many places.I am considering returning the printer because it cannot do what I wanted it for (printing from our phones)I cannot recommend this printer for Android users until Canon fulfills it promise of printing from Android devices. Do not expect to print from your Android phone or Compact Flash
I received the CP900 as a Christmas present.  It was difficult to connect to my network, but with Canon help, I got it connected.  Then I discovered that it would not work with my primary computer because it uses Windows 8.  Finally, I installed the driver on an old Windows 7 computer and managed to get it to print.  The quality of the print is so poor that I can't imagine a reason for using this thing.  The cost per print is more than twice that charged by Costco, but the quality is unacceptable.  Skin tones are gray and colors print darker than they are seen when the images are displayed on a computer screen.  Canon seems to be uninterested in supporting Windows 8, which is beyond belief.  I also own a Canon iP2702 printer.  It is a full sized, ink-jet design and is also not worth using.  It produces prints that are not sharp and have poor color balance.  My suggestion is to shop for an HP or Epson.  I have had good results with both. Poor quality color, poor design, poor support
It took four tries to download the ton of software that comes with this printer (each try is 15 minutes) and the print quality is poor. No saturation, no contrast. Just weak prints. I am sending it back. I went through the head cleaning, and alignment routine -- no dice. Don't waste your money on this printer. Junk
DO NOT BUY.......I BROUGHT THIS ONE.THEY DO NOT TELL YOU THAT YOU CAN'T RE-INSTALL THIS, IF YOU LOSE YOUR MACHINE OR IF YOU HAVE TO RESTORE THE MACHINE. I WAS SO MAD, IT IS NICE, BUT IF YOU EVER HAVE TO INSTALL YOUR SOFTWARE AGAIN YOU CAN'T.  I EVEN CALLED THEM ON THIS, WHEN I DISCOVERED I COULD NO LONGER INSTALL THE PROGRAM, SO BEWARE. CALL AND ASK. ITS SAD YOU BROUGHT A MACHINE OR EQUIPMENT AND ONE TIME INSTALL IS NOT ENOUGH OR EVEN TWICE. WHAT A RIP OFF, PLUS YOU CAN ONLY INSTALL THIS ON ONE MACHINE AND NOT TWO. SO THERE YOU GO. BEFORE YOU BUY ALL THESE SCANNERS, CHECK IF YOU WANT RE-INSTALL AND IF ITS UNLIMITED RE-INSTALL. THE NEAT MACHINE DOES THE SAME THING, DO NOT BUY IT NEITHER. I BROUGHT THIS FOR A TRIP AND USED IT WHILE THERE SINCE IT WAS SMALL TO SCAN PHOTOS FROM OLD FAMILY ALBUMS. MY LAPTOP CRASHED LATER AND HAD TO GET ANOTHER , WILL GUESS WHAT NOT ALLOWED TO INSTALL IT AGAIN, SO IT IS USELESS, JUST THROW IT AWAY. EVEN IF I AM THE ORIGINAL OWNER, I WAS SO MAD. AGAIN THE SCANNER BY NEAT DOES THE SAME THING, CAN'T RE-INSTALL OR USE AGAIN. DO NOT BUY, CAN'T RE-INSTALL , OR USE ON MORE THAN ONE MACHINE.
I have been a long time HP printer customer but was disappointed by the last two HP printers I have had. I have been fairly impressed by several Samsung products I purchased recently, so I was very eager to get the chance to try out this new Samsung Color Laserjet printer. First off, I am tired of ALL inkjet printers, because the cartridges are two expensive, and even when you do not use the printers, the cartridges go bad and have to be replaced. I have been wanting to move to a home laserjet for some time to allow me to print documents with some color without the expense of the inkjet cartridges.After giving this printer a workout, I must say that I can rate it as "acceptable", but nothing more. My first difficulty in getting it set up was that the paper tray is poorly designed. It serves as the bottom part of the printer. I found it very difficult to get the paper tray back in, since it does not have well designed "guides". I had to fumble with it for five minutes to get the tray back in. Hopefully with time I will learn the "recipe" to get the paper tray to slide back in properly. Second issue with the paper tray is that it has very limited capacity. It holds only a very thin stack of paper.The next issue I had was that it took me three hours to get the printer installed. In the end, I found that the Samsung supplied USB cable was faulty, and the cable was causing the installation problems. When I replaced with one of my own cables, the installation was done in under 5 minutes. My question for Samsung . . . why include a junk cable? Either provide a quality cable, or dont include one. This bum cable cost me an afternoon.With the printer up and running I did some test prints. I found the overall color on photographs to be subpar by color laserjet standards. The similarly priced HP laserjets provide better color on photographs.The printer does an acceptable job for text, and text with charts and graphs, but somewhat less than acceptable on photographs (yes, I understand laserjets are not made for photos, but I have had other laserjets with better photo capability).So, overall this printer is OK for a cheap color laserjet, but keep your expectations in check if you order it.UPDATE: 4/5/2013I have had this printer now for several months. I have used it very lightly . . . maybe once or twice a week. I was shocked to see that already it is telling me to buy a toner cartridges. It is looking like this printer is going to be WAY more expensive than even an inkjet. The toner cartridge cost is terrible, and toner cartridges are hard to find.I am downgrading my rating from 3 stars (acceptable) to 1 star (not acceptable)The other issue I have found with this printer is that it is FREQUENTLY losing track of what IP port it is on. This requires different things from rebooting the router, printer, and computer to "refinding" the printer from the router.I will use the printer until the cartridge runs out, and then will junk it. I don't have to time to continue to fight with this printer. Not Happy With This Printer
10/23 Update:As promised, I have rated this one star due to the fact that for the last time it has lost connectivity to the PCs. I can still see the printer in my router on the network and ping it, so it's not a connectivity issue. It just refuses to be detected by devices. I tried a Win 7 PC, Retina Macbook Pro, and an iPhone 4S. None of the devices were able to print. A little hard to blame drivers since we're talking three totally different platforms. I was hoping the issues were finally gone for good but this printer is way too unreliable to be any use at all and thus earned the one star review.  I think you can tell by my updates that I've given it more than enough chances.  Also as promised, I removed the paper, put it in my reliable Epson Workforce 630 (which has performed admirably since day one), and powered the Samsung off.  Maybe if I have a need for a USB only printer I will one day use it again.  Until then, into cold storage it goes.  Honestly, had this been purchased and not obtained through Vine, I would have likely returned it long ago.  The Vine program at least gave it an opportunity to be objectively reviewed without fear of the dreaded return window closing.  Steer clear and find another printer.10/4 Update:In fairness to the printer, it has worked flawlessly since the last update.  Therefore, for now, I have updated my rating to "okay" based on how well it performs WHEN it's working.  However, this is the final chance.  If I try to print one more time and get a comm error, it's dropping back to one star and staying there.  It's also coming off my network at that point.  I'm just trying to give it a fair shot.09/30 Update:If you wish to read my entire review, feel free, but as of this morning, I just tried printing from my PC and once again I got a comm error.  I can, however, ping the printer, reach the management interface through my PCs browser and print to it from my mobile devices and Mac.  This thing seems to randomly lose communication with individual devices.  I really wanted to like this printer and if you read my entire review(s), you will see that I tried everything humanly possible short of sending it in for repair.  However, a product should not be ths much of a headache right out of the box.  Maybe I got a lemon, but based on my past few days of frustration and thinking the problem was resolved only to have it keep reappearing in inconsistent manner, I had to drop my original rating from four stars to one.  I will contact Samsung support and try to get it repaired.  It's pretty obvious at this point that there's something wrong with this printer.  The problem is not my router because I never lost total connectivity with the printer, just sporadically among individual devices.  I also have ZERO problems with all other printers, computers, mobile devices, game consoles, and televisions connected to the same router.  It's not the drivers because I've lost connectivity on four separate platforms (Windows, OS X, iOS and Android) at different times. I honestly think it has something to do with the sleep wake function.  Every time I fix an issue, the printer works perfectly until it goes into sleep mode.  When it wakes, there's usually a new issue with seemingly different devices every time.**********************************************************09/29 Updated Review:The following update is my experience after writing my initia review.  I left my initial review intact to point out the pros and cons of the printer when it works.  However, I strongly suggest taking the advice in the update, especally if you are non-technical or a small  business looking to avoid unnecessary IT costs.****************************************************************************************************************************************************After completing the printer setup on my network, PCs and mobile devices, it initially worked like a charm.  I was very impressed with the printing speed, quality and ease.  I was printing from my PCs, an iPhone and a Galaxy tablet.  The first sign of trouble was when I lost the ability to print from my iPhone about an hour later.  I just assumed it was a flaky app, especially since the Samsung tablet and my PC were still printing fine.  However, I now see that the Airprint experience (described below) was a portend of things to come.  The PC printed fine all day  yesterday, so I figured all was well.  Imagine my surprise when I subsequently attempted to print from my computer today and encountered the same exact problem as Airprint!  The printer simply lost connectivity to my PC.  I verified the host name, IP and MAC address in my router and verified I could still print over the network from the Galaxy Tab (using Android version of same app used on my iPhone), so I didn't think it was a connection issue.  I then tried connecting from a Mac and installed the mobile printing app on my iPad.  Both were unsuccessful as well.  The only thing that still worked at that point was my wife's Samsung Galaxy Tab Plus.  I then downloaded and installed the Samsung Easy printer manager software.  After installing the software, I was able to locate the printer on my network and restore printing on my computer.  I was able to print for most of the day and I thought my problem was solved.  After restoring printing to the PC, I figured I'd try troubleshooting Airprint using tips from the user guide.  I tried to configure Airprint directly through iOS instead of the Samsung app.  I typed the printer's IP address into the Safari browser on my iPhone and it displayed the message "SyncThru Loading" and a status bar that never completed.  After a few minutes, I realized it was frozen, so I abandoned my efforts to restore Airprint printing and went back to my PC.  Guess what? I couldn't print from the PC again.  I tried accessing the printer by IP through my web browser and could not reach it.  I tried reaching it through Easy printer manager and couldn't reach it through there either.  I then tried pinging the printer's IP and it said "destination host unreachable".  Finally, I went to the physical printer and tried to troubleshoot through the LCD panel.  That's when I dicovered the printer was completely frozen.  None of the panel buttons worked and the LCD just sat there with "Ready" displayed.  The only way to free up the printer was to do a hard power cycle using the main power switch on the rear.  After powering the printer back on, I printed a configuration page using the LCD panel.  The IP address was still the same, so it wasn't a DHCP problem. I figured for kicks and giggles, I'd try setting a static IP.  I logged into the printer using the web browser. Easy Print Manager was utterly useless because it still couldn't find the printer, so I uninstalled it and will perform all management through the web interface instead.  I set a static IP with a different last octet and viola!  Everything now works, my PC, both tablets, my iPhone and the Mac. Hopefully, it simply didn't like the original DHCP assigned IP and simply needed a change.  I just wish it would have failed outright instead of working sporadically.  For that reason, I'm not 100% confident that was the root cause. I'll keep my eye on it and if it fails again, that's it.  Honestly, for the average home user or small business without a dedicated IT staff, I suggest finding something a little more reliable.  I've installed hundreds of network business printers as well as dozens of personal printers for myself and friends and have never encountered a printer this hard to configure that wasn't defective.  That's why I said I'm not 100% sure a "bad IP" was necessarily the final issue.  I verified there were no conflicts on the network with that IP and the IP never changed from initial setup.*********************************************************************************************************************************************************Original Review------------------------After unboxing this printer, the first thing I did was make a bee line to Samsung's web site to download the latest drivers.  I never used bundled driver disks unless online drivers are unavailable or not newer than bundled driver.  I downloaded the basic driver and figured I'd start there. The basic driver package (under the drivers tab on the site) worked just fine.  It installed the printer on both my WiFi network and PC.  All other software is optional (mainly for management, etc).  I chose the USB setup option.  They supply a USB 2 cable with the printer.  If you don't want to connect via USB to configure printer, you can try to set the WiFi via the LCD panel, but it's only a two line basic display, so it's not quite as efficient or as quick as configuring WiFi during the driver install over USB.  Most users will find that the basic drivers alone will suffice.  Once I completed the printer setup, the printing was fast and great.  I printed a photograph on plain inkjet paper.  The first page scared me because it had white specks all over the image. I (correctly) assumed it was likely due to it being the very first print after the printer had been transported and jostled all about.  I printed the same image a second time.  The second print was flawless with rich color saturation, accurate colors, decent sharpness and no artifacts on the image. So, now that I've setup the printer and had a couple days to print with it, here are my pros and cons:Pros----Fast printing. Unlike the CLJ printers at my job, this one doesn't "warm-up" with random clicking and whirling sounds for a minute or two after jobs are sent.  It processes and prints immediately, like my inkjetExcellent print quality, better than an HP 3550 color laserjet and rivaling a Xerox 9303 color wax printers that I use at work. Granted, these printers are older, but the 3550 never looked as good as the results from the Samsung.  The newer (both in age and technology) Xerox is closer in quality.Android mobile printing is reliable and great.  I installed this on a tab 7.0 Plus and Galaxy S3 and it works like a charm. I wish the same could be said about iOS and Airprint (see the below cons for more info on that)Auto-sleep function with separate sleep and power buttons to conserve energyManagement software for your PC is available to monitor the printer, see toner status and change printer settingsCons----The LCD panel is not backlit.  Some of the buttons are lit but not the LCD.  It seems minor but the LCD is all but impossible to read without optimal light and placement conditionsThe USB port is loose (at least on my printer).  The slightest pressure on the cable caused it to pop out several times while I was connected to configure WiFi.  It wasn't that big of an issue because I knew it was temporary but it may be an issue for those planning to connect via USB instead of through their network.The top "power" button (circle with intersecting vertical line at top) only wakes the printer.  It doesn't put it to sleep.Although the mobile printing works fine on Android devices, iOS devices are more finicky.  I downloaded the Samsung mobile printing app and connected to the printer with my iPhone 4S, but after the printer went to sleep the first time, I could no longer connect from my iPhone.  Whenever I try to print, it searches and says no printers found.  I get the same result through the Samsung app.  I tried everything, even rebooting the phone, but it will not connect to the printer neither through native airprint nor the Samsung app.  For the record, the printer is on Apple's list of Airprint compatible printers.  I'll keep trying to figure it out, but at least the Android devices print, for now.The price of the toner cartridges is very expensive.  Replacement cartridges are a hundred bucks and it takes four.  It almost makes $30 inkjet cartridges seem cheap by comparison.  On the plus side, at least the toner won't dry up on you before you can get full use from it liek a lot of inkjet cartridges do.Although I'm not thrilled about the cost of replacement toner, I'm hoping the actual usage and less replacement frequency will make it at least as evenly cost efficient as an inkjet, if not more. Other than the iOS problem, all other aspects of this printer are very good.  If that changes in the future I will certainly report back to advise. Shaky WiFi experience
Good first - if and when it prints, it comes out very nice for a color laser.  But, it jammed after printing out maybe 6 pages, was impossible to remove the jam - you can see it but the roller area cannot e opened.  I returned to Amazon, and they immediately replaced, as always.  Good?  No, the second one lasted for 3 prints, then jammed the same way, cannot remove the jam, and the paper try will no longer close.  Back to Amazon this one goes and I guess I'll never buy a Samsung printer again.  If you wonder, I used regular 24 pound laser compatible plain paper and the auto feed tray. Avoid no matter what!
I wanted to use this for a while before reviewing it.First, it's kinda on the noisy side.  If that doesn't bother you than you should be OK.Second, networking.  I never could get it to function wirelessly.  I still have to hook it up via a USB cable.  I should really take two stars away for that but I won't.Third, it does print well.  The colors are sharp.  I own and have owned quite a few  inkjet and laser printers and this printed out rather well.Overall it's a decent printer.  Kinda high-priced since it isn't an all-in-one, but decent.UPDATE:  I have had nothing but issues getting this printer to work-USB or wirelessly AND I've done the installation OVER again!  I'm sorry Samsung but you're hung up to dry! Will this ever work?
-----------------------------------UPDATE: May 15, 2014I am shifting my rating from 2 stars to 1 star.  AVOID THIS PRINTER.  I purchased a replacement cartridge for the black toner, and watched as the color cartridges ran down... baffled as next to no color printing was going on.  There is no way to set this printer on an Apple Mac computer to be black and white only.  When the Magenta toner ran out, the printer refused to print any further.  Even with a full black toner.I've gone through all the menus on the printer, on the Mac, searched the internet.  I am done with this printer and done for a while with Samsung (which is too bad as I have a number of their products).  Perhaps this is frustration and anger speaking, but really... how do you not allow the printing to continue with full black toner?!-----------------------------------ORIGINAL REVIEW:I bought this printer for my mother as I was very satisfied with a Samsung laser that I own (CLP-620ND).Initially, I was very satisfied with the print quality and the features.  Networking was a pain to setup successfully on a Mac.Over time, I've become significantly jaded.  The wireless connection to this printer goes down all the time.  Not a big deal for me to handle if I owned the printer.  Not possible for my mother to handle.The biggest issue overall though is... this printer burned right through the black toner over a period of a year of very infrequent printing.  This is the exact reason I bought this... to get away from the ink jets.  I checked her impression level and it was far under the volume expected to be handled.And to add insult to injury, on top of the toner and network issues, pages that come fresh out of the printer appear to have some steam coming off of them.  What the heck?!Once I find a replacement color laser printer, this one is GONE.Avoid buying this. NO NO NO - Cannot recommend this - burns through toner, networking issues
According to documentation, there are four possible ways to install this printer. The first three correspond to three options in the installation guide on the CD, when you get to Printer Connection Type page of the wizard:1) Direct connection2) Network connection3) Configure wireless networkThe 4th option4) WPSis available only if you have a WPS button on your router, which I do.In summary, 4) fails outright. 2) and 3) fail because, out of six pieces of software installed by the wizard, it fails to install the most important one, the driver. I tried some tricks to install the driver separately, but it didn't work.1) I managed to make it work (again, had to install the driver separately), but it requires a permanent cable connection between the printer and the computer. I may only be OK if all you have is a single desktop and the printer is located within 4 feet.Sure, after a couple more frustrated evenings and some customer service calls I will probably find a solution, but my point is that IT IS NOT OK FOR PRINTER MANUFACTURERS TO TREAT THE CUSTOMER LIKE THAT (I had similar problems with a Brother printer also). The only reason why you guys stay in business is because, after all that frustration, the customers can't help feeling like it's all their fault. Then, when some hacky fix is found, they are only too happy that they don't have to send the expensive piece back. It's high time we customers got rid of this victim mindset! Avoid It
Tickets a heavy paper, only about half as thick as paperboard (65#)Kind of a disappointment coming from Avery. I've used & love a LOT of their products. This one missed the mark.Tickets tear easier from stubs than they do each otherGreat idea, but needs to be thickerNice size for events, etc. Might be OK for same day use.Takes inkjet OK, better with laser printer.Avery has online software, but you're better off if you have either the old software of just using MS Word OK, or better, Open Office Writer.Online software had some pictures, the program is extremely clunky, although can be used on pads & cell phones.It took me roughly 15 minutes to find out that you need to make an account, THEN you can find the software for the tickets, otherwise the web site will take you in circlesThe old Avery software wasn't great, but the new software leaves a LOT to be desired.I's suggest http://www.amazon.com/Blanks-USA-Pre-Cut-Numbered-TKS02X9WH/dp/B001T0HG7U/ref=pd_sbs_op_5 instead, as it is already pre-numbered and they are made with heavier paperYou can then use "Writer" or "Word" software."Open Office" is a free office suite Avery had yet to recognize, yet is a FAR superior program or MS Word, AND is open source! You can keep the basic features if you like, or add as many as you want & you can save to multiple formatsNot a lot of artwork to choose from, tabs are not in the order they need to be used. This wasn't a problem for me, as I'd used their old software before.Someone needs to start from scratch & make some software that is easier to use with Avery products!This is the first product of Avery's that I've truly been disappointed with.If you're going to have an event worth creating custom tickets, you'll want to do it on thicker paperboard (a 110# or above) , otherwise, you might as well , save the money, time & ink and buy a roll of 2000 standard tickets & be done with it!Here's a roll of 2000 standard tear ticketshttp://www.amazon.com/PM-Company-Deposit-Tickets-59005/dp/B003B1ZHFS/ref=pd_sbs_op_3ad, as I'm generally a fan of Avery products. It seems like on-line software was thrown together. The older software you downloaded was better, but srill needed some work to refine it. Tickets a heavy paper, about half as thick as paperboard, software not the best- Avery missed on this one
The Avery Tickets with throwaway stubs is a great idea but just didn't work out for us. I wanted to use it for the office but they came across too unprofessional. Instead we let the kids use them for a play at the house. Even then the printing was an issue. Avery Tickets
I was going to be printing a lot of color so I thought I would try to save on ink when the OEM cartridges ran out on my new Canon printer.  After using only two of these ink cartridges the printer started printing everything with a green hue.  After 20 cleaning cycles, I could not unclog the head.  The printer was still under warranty, but since this was not OEM ink Canon voided the warranty. I bought another one and tried this ink again, thinking that the first time might have been a fluke.  I after only a single set of cartridges, I am printing green again.  DO NOT BUY THIS INK! IT WILL DESTROY YOUR PRINTER!!!!! Killed two new canon printer! Do not buy!
I've now had these pens for awhile and they are terrible. They now write very inconsistently as compared to how they wrote when I first received them. The review below is what I wrote when I first tried the pens. I thought they were really great. Now however, they do not write as smoothly, the ink flow is inconsistent and it appears ink gathers at the tip so the first time you write (after say a day of letting the pen sit), you get a slight glob of ink. I thought it might have been just the particular one I was using but had put the others in different locations and started seeing the same problem with each one. Of the 5, only one still writes as I wrote about it initially. The other 4 are useless. I am really disappointed as these were the best rollerball pens but now are worse then cheap ballpoints. They are not really even usable so I'm just going to throw them away. Highly NOT recommended now.I don't usually use rollerball type pens as they are not smooth enough or take too much pressure to write or are inconsistent with the ink depositing on the paper. These Uni-Ball Elite are some of the best rollerball pens that I have used. They write smoothly with very even ink application even with light pressure and nice ink colors. What I like the most is that they are very easy to use and the ink flows easily allowing very fast writing yet with good style. I write very fast and most pens don't keep up well or are scratchy in one way or another but these Uni-Ball Elite kept up nicely even well I was writing as fast as I could and the results were excellent, better than any other inexpensive pens. However, some of the other reviewers commented that the pens were not smooth or consistent so I'm wondering about Uni-ball's quality control. Before I'd buy more of these, I would want to make sure I can return them if they are not 100% as good as the ones I have now. Really nice writing pens for a short time then lousy.
Too dark to write on and actually see very well, in fact. These are so bad I went right out and bought some other Post-Its--the larger ones that claim to be super sticky (they're slightly stickier than regular Post-Its but the larger size is worth the extra money!). MUCH darker blue than appears in photo
The software doesn't work correctly.  The directions are difficult to understand.  Never again. I tried to scan pix for a show and it was a mess. Horrible.
The Ampad Versa [25-635] at first glance seems to be the perfect little secretary to carry around with you!As a busy professional, I am always looking for great notebooks for note taking, appointments, and reminders. I could hardly wait for this one to arrive.Unfortunately, I felt that the materials were flimsy and weak.The "re-positional" pages and book markrs sound good when you talk about them. Unfortunately, the tabs that hold them in place are weak and easily bent and then don't allow them to be re-inserted for a new location.The file pockets seemed a big plus! But in fact are so thin that nothing more than one or two layers of paper can be inserted without pulling them apart.Don't get me wrong, I am a huge fan of Ampad products and have used them for years with success! However, this new notebook just doesn't make the grade.It does come complete with flexible page bookmarks, as well as sticky pads and arrows for pointing out highlights and important notes.The 6" x 9" size is perfect for purse or briefcase.I just can't endorse the flimsy construction or lack of proper pocket space.I give this product one [1] star and a thumbs down.[So Sad!]****DISCLOSURE: This product was provided by Amazon Vine in exchange for an independent and non-biased review. Not Up To Ampad's Usual Quality
I would stick with OEM cartridges.  I tried to save money by buying generic, but these cartridges are just awful.  When I removed the plastic tape and held them upside down ink spilled out. The printing results are also terrible.  These are poorly manufactured.  Maybe I got some duds as others seem to have better results.  From my personal experience, I cannot recommend these. leaked everywhere, terrible results
This product, described on the Amazon site as "4 pack plus 1 black replacement cartridges for Epson NX-330, NX-..., was a package of ink cartridges containing 1-magenta, 1-cyan, 1-yellow and 2-black cartridges for my printer, the Epson MX-330, and several other Epson printers. When I received them I immediately knew that these cartridges did not fit my printer. The printer that I own uses a small vial of ink for each color, and the cartridges I received were large rectangular ones. I upon Amazon's suggestion, contacted the seller directly and this guy was very adamant that he had the same printer as mine and he used these cartridges in it. He requested that I first open one of the cartridges and try it. Well, as expected there was no way it would work, and I contacted him again to hear that he would not except a return. Another thing, the sellers Amazon sellers i.d. is Cartridge Warehouse, but he goes by at least two other names when conducting business on a one on one basis. Stay away from this guy, he is  T R O U B L E. Sorry seller, sorry product
Neither black cartridge worked at all - seems to print in some kind of outline mode. Nozzle check fails dismally - only a few pixels are printed. Tried head cleaning to no avail. Reinserted the first cartridge, and it failed to recognize this time.Tried the second cartridge, same problem as the first.Very cheap, but too good to be true ... they simply do not work. Unusable
These are cheap but the cost of aggravation when a cartridge leaks or isn't recognized by a printer outweighs the benefit. A black cartridge worked fine for awhile but none of the colors were recognized by my EPSON WF-3540.  Although I had no intention of decorating my body, my hands are now a rainbow of color.  If you need reliable and quality printing, do not purchase theInktoneram Remanufactured Ink Cartridges High CapacityReplacement for Epson 127 (2xBlack, Cyan, Magenta, Yellow, 5-Pack).  If you're a gambler who likes the thrill of a risky move and aren't in need of immediate printing capabilities, go for these cartridges.  I was only a winner with one out of five. As a gambling tool, it ranks FIVE STARS!
When I first installed and printed a test page I was really impressed with the results. However, that was only temporary. Within a minute of the test page I attempted to print other documents. The black came out orange colored or yellow n pink. The colors were not colors at all. They were all orange based and faint. This is a brand new WF-3520 and I made sure all settings were correct, that print heads were clean and aligned properly. Printing an estimated 20 pages all were same horrible orange faintly printed.I waited 24hrs and attempted to print again and all I got was one huge wet black page that ran all over everything. Several more attempts produced more wet black pages and ink all over the place inside my printer.If you have a genuine Epson printer, I suggest investing in genuine Epson ink. Epson ink will never do this or let you down. I now have to buy a whole new printer. Worst Ink Ever! Leaked out n Ruined Epson WF 3520
I do a lot of printing and have used non-OEM ink for years on various printers I have owned. Brand name manufacturers' ink is incredibly expensive, and I have always gotten good results at a fraction of the price from the non-OEM ink. Inktoneram is the first brand I've used that I would call junk.I've been using the Inktoneram ink for several months. The most common problem is the printer not recognizing cartridges. I'm careful not to touch the IC chips, and always careful to insert them correctly, but if I replace a full set of ink cartridges there is a 50/50 chance one of them is not going to be recognized.Another more serious problem is the cartridges leaking. A month ago I ordered four sets of cartridges, and the cyan cartridges were leaking inside the protective bag in three of the four sets. Fortunately I caught this before opening the plastic.Tonight, however, was the last straw. I went to change the ink cartridges in my printer, carefully pulled the yellow tabs off each cartridge, and as soon as I pulled the tab off the black cartridge ink started oozing out of the top and on to my hand. As soon as I realized what happened I ran for the garbage can, but my hands are now stained with black ink. I had four black cartridges in my most recent order, and all did the same thing. Thank God I did not get any on the carpet.I have not lost faith in third-party ink yet, but I'll certainly never use the Inktoneram brand again. The low price is makes them tempting, but considering the high percentage of defective cartridges, the actual cost is quite high. Awful
I just tried one of these cartridges in my new printer, and it gummed up the works.  It didn't work and after working on fixing/cleaning my printer, I wasn't even going to consider trying another color.I suppose I should have started with a small sample before I found out they were garbage.My loss! I would not recommend these ink cartridges...
*UPDATE 3*And now Epson has given me yet ANOTHER reason to NEVER again purchase any of their products: They've charged my credit card, WITHOUT MY AUTHORIZATION, for merchandise that I returned to them FOUR MONTHS AGO!Upon the installation of original Epson cartridges to get my printer to work, the gold-plated metal chip readers in the cartridge carrier started pulling out after I tried to re-seat the cartridges properly in the carrier. Contacting Epson Customer Service was an exercise in frustration that took over an hour, and required that I explain simple information repeatedly. Once the agent - a Corporate Customer Service agent, no less - finally understood, she explained to me that I could either ship it back and wait four to six weeks for a replacement, or I could offer up my personal credit card for what she told me would ONLY be a hold on my account, in order to expedite the shipment of the refurbished replacement printer, once they'd received the unit that I'd be shipping back to them. VERY reluctantly I offered up my credit card, as I didn't want to wait forever and a day for my replacement printer. The hold was put on my card in mid-April, and had been removed by a month later.TODAY, July 31, 2013, I check my credit card information to find that the EXACT same amount of that hold FROM BACK IN APRIL was RECHARGED to my card yesterday, and is PENDING! At NO point in time did ANYONE from Epson contact me for ANY reason or with ANY information stating that my card would be charged for a unit that they received FOUR MONTHS ago!!! So, WITHOUT ANY AUTHORIZATION from me, Epson has CHARGED my card for merchandise that broke down within less than THREE months of ownership (and that's me being VERY generous with the time frame!), that I SHIPPED BACK to them MONTHS ago!!! And now, simply because they had my credit card information on file, Epson decides to just charge my card for a defective printer that they've already received, without a single word to me?!? I don't think so!!! I've contacted my credit card company and explained that Epson had NO authority to charge my card, and did it without my authorization. Epson never contacted me about ANY of this, and they've already received my returned printer, so they have no legal right to apply ANY charge, hold, or ANYTHING to my card!!! This is just ONE more reason why I will NEVER BUY ANOTHER PRODUCT FROM EPSON AGAIN.*UPDATE 2*So, it wasn't just my imagination. After having spoken to two different Tech Support agents at Epson: Sam, who was as rude and condescending as any Customer Service rep I've ever dealt with, and Lee, who was much more polite, but still unable to help in any way, it's been confirmed to me that this WorkForce (hah! Funny name, not-so-funny joke there, Epson!) 2530 will NOT do ANYTHING without ALL four ink cartridges containing enough ink to be recognized as anything but empty.I've owned a lot of printers in my time. NEVER before have I owned a printer that simply WOULD NOT FUNCTION because ONE toner cartridge was empty. Every single other printer I've ever had has been able to be set, and function fully, on strictly grayscale printing, using strictly black ink. Unless I'm going to be printing large quantities of photos or something similar, I simply don't keep color toner/cartridges on-hand. Black has always been enough for me. But to encounter a printer with a name that, prior to now, had seemed as reputable as Epson's once was for me, with all these fancy-schmancy bells and whistles, and find that I can't even update the firmware, complete a reinstall, or do anything else aside from scan, simply because ONE color of toner is OUT?!? That's just unconscionably stupid to me. I'm supposed to be able to print to it from my handset wherever I am using the remote printing app, even if I'm as far away from my Virginia home as L.A., but, wait, I can't do it because ONE color is expended?!? Stupidest... thing... EVER!!!I will never again buy an Epson printer.*UPDATE 1*Now that I've owned this Epson printer for a while now, I can sincerely say that it's just as poor a value overall as the worst printer you might've encountered. I recently plopped down fifteen bucks to replace the black toner cartridge - which gave me the bare minimum in printed documents when compared to other printers I've owned - and, now that I'm really low on color toner, it won't print ANYTHING. I've even spent the past hour now trying anything I can to default past its insistence that I refill it with Epson inks, to simply get it to print a single trifling document. It won't do it.If you've considered this printer, you've probably looked up the toner that goes with it. If you've done that, you've seen that the four cartridges of toner - black, yellow, magenta, and cyan - total almost as much as the printer ITSELF will cost you, if you get the higher capacity cartridges, which are the only ones that'll actually get you more than a piddly 50 or so printed documents. I don't know about you, but I don't consider $75 in toner for a $90 or so printer to be money well-invested, especially when that toner doesn't last anywhere near as long as it should! My printer has been insistently telling me for the last hour or so that it's out of magenta toner, and has turned itself offline, and WILL NOT PRINT, regardless of the fact that I've set my printer to print in GRAYSCALE ONLY. NOTHING that I do will prompt this thing to print, and I am simply OVER this printer now! I SO will not be recommending Epson printers to even my worst enemy at this point (well, maybe my worst enemy; watching her get confounded by this printer WOULD be pretty entertaining)!In short, when it comes to Epson, if they ALL behave like this, just say no. There has GOT to be something better, and more cost-effective, than THIS out there!!!* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *This is my first Epson printer, and it does a great job of creating high quality copies, scans, printouts, and faxes. I've owned a few printers over the course of time, and this is my second one that offers wireless printing, and an app to allow for remote printing from an equipped device. While I have yet to have a need to use either said remote printing feature, or the fax option, it's nice to have such a professional-looking printer at home that offers the options.Setup was a snap (once I realized that my Avast antivirus was disabling my WiFi setup), and customer service was very quick to respond, and quite helpful on my calls to them.I alternately own aBrother MFC-J435W Network-Ready Wireless Color All-In-One Printerthat has been great. I didn't have the difficulty setting up that Brother wirelessly that I experienced with this Epson, so I'm not quite sure why Avast would block the Epson, since it didn't block the Brother...This Epson has a smaller footprint than any other printer that I've owned, which is great for me in my home office space. The quality of print images that it puts out are better than other printers that I own and, as long as the refill cartridges are cost-effective, I'll consider this a great addition to my home office space (they're not, so it's not).It does what it's supposed to do, well, and quickly (but not inexpensively): scanning, copying, and printing is fast, easy, and, with the remote printing app, can be done from anywhere that you may need to... For the on-the-go business person that has the need to conduct business away from home, but still print there from a distance, who doesn't mind burning through money to keep the toner stocked and, consequently, the printer functioning, this Epson covers the bases, and at a price for the machine itself that's more than fair. The toner costs, and longevity, however, leave MUCH to be desired.Look elsewhere. If all Epson printers function like this one does, they're just not worth the cost, and the headaches. Brother does better, for starters... Check them out instead. Printer is COMPLETELY disabled if even ONE toner color runs out! Way to get over on your customers, Epson!!!
The copier the scanner and printer all work great . Installation was a snap . For a multi-purposed machine this product is a lot lighter than you would expect . However, when printing out high res photos they are coming out looking pixelated and muddy .Update: Nevermind what I said before, this turkey broke after the third day. It seems to grind gears and just sit there. What a shame, I have an Artisan 835 at work and it works great. I recommend that. Usually Epson doesn't disappoint so I think this product may just be a fluke, but I wouldn't buy it just in case. Broke on third day.
runs through ink quickly and requires me to problem solve something every time I want to print. Typically I just have to use the printer touchscreen to re-connect to wifi, but sometimes it takes much more. I probably spend 5 minutes of coaxing for every page I print on average and that is just unacceptable. wish I didn't have this stupid thing
Read the one star reviews if you have Windows 7 !!!!  The software appears to have problems with Win 7.Epson has targeted people with no networking experience.  As a result, there's no way to add a new network like you do with a router.  Instead, you either enter the network settings on the panel of the printer or use their bloatware wizard ("this may take up to 5 minutes" to find your network).Unfortunately, the printer front panel does not have all the symbols that you may have used for your network key (such as the $ symbol).  So you're forced to use the boated software via the computer, which failed to add my wireless network after numerous tries.  Because it's a wizard, with no access to manually enter the SSID or network key initially, there's no easy way to fix it manually.You could use Wifi-Protected Setup (WPS), but if you have any networking experience, you've disabled WPS on your router due to security problems with WPS.If you have problems (when you have problems), Epson suggests you turn off all of your virus protection and firewall.  Really?  I wonder if Epson turns off the intrusion protection of its own servers to fix problems, like the servers that Epson uses to hold personal information of its customers.WE WERE FORCED TO CHANGE OUR NETWORK KEY TO INCLUDE ONLY THE CHARACTERS USED BY THE PRINTER, SO WE COULD INPUT THE KEY ON THE FRONT PANEL.  THIS IS A SERIOUS FLAW WHEN HARDWARE LIMITATIONS REQUIRE A CHANGE IN NETWORK SECURITY.Finally, the printer was connected to the wireless network, which brought up a whole other set of issues.The drivers for the printer, scanner, and fax are not built into Windows, like every other All-in-One I've had.  The Epson printer is not Plug and Play.  Instead, you must use Epson's CD-ROM to install the drivers, which says it also contains Ads and Special Offers. You must install this software on EVERY computer you have, otherwise the device doesn't work.It also installed "Customer Participation" software on my computer, which from what I can assume, communicates with some third party server.  I don't remember authorizing this software, as I normally opt out of all "participation" programs for security reasons.  It also added Epson Connect VERSION 1 - that's right - the first version of some program, together with about 8 - 10 other pieces of software.  That's what they call "bonus software" in the product description.When I attempted to use the Uninstaller provided by Epson to get rid of their bloated software, it failed.  I had to manually uninstall the numerous software programs using Windows removal utility, but even then some Epson software persisted.The ONLY piece of software that worked flawlessly was the link to buy more Epson ink and supplies from Epson.After some of the above problems were resolved, the printer would work via USB cable, but not wirelessly.  Out of two separate Epson WF-3540 printers and several computers (Win 7 Pro, 64-bit, SP1), not a single computer was able to print, fax, or scan wirelessly.  In fact, none of the computers could detect any Epson printer wirelessly, although all other non-Epson printers were visible on the network.Lastly, not a single iOS device could connect to either printer or detect either printer, nor does anything on either of the two boxes indicate this is AirPrint Compatible.Trying to setup and use this printer reminded me of trying to set up a printer on Windows OS version 3.1, back in the early 1990's.  I have a lot of experience setting up networks and using higher end Epson printers.  In my experience, this printer will frustrate you.  Literally 4 hours completely wasted on two of these devices.By the way, I read another review that said they experienced a 50% hardware defect rate with the WF-3540.  I had the same experience.  Out of two WF-3540s, one had a bad roller.  Even if I got the wireless to work, the printer would not have worked because of the roller and a bad tray. Terrible network setup with Win 7.  Bloatware installs "Ads", "Special Offers" and "Customer Participation".
This printer replaced a Canon all-in-one that I loved, but is no longer available. This one prints OK but is really noisy and kind of slow. Print quality is fine, I think the ink consumption will be all right judging on what I've used so far. I haven't done any color printing to speak of so I won't comment on that. Hooking it up as a wireless network printer was simple.Scanning is very slow compared to my old Canon. The ADF works well and it does give you the option to add more pages to a PDF file. The copier works fine.It has 3 paper sources, which was a big selling point for me as I use different types of paper for various tasks and also print checks. That's about useless. You can only put one sheet of paper at a time in the rear feed, which was where I had hoped to print checks from. Half the time when I try to use it with one sheet of paper, I get a 'paper jam' error and have to go through all the rigamarole of pretending like I'm clearing a non-existent paper jam and start all over. I've folded that thing up and don't use it at all. You have 2 cassettes in the front, which each hold a ton of paper - that's a plus. It defaults to the top tray, which is the one you have to push the output tray in to access. I am forever forgetting to pull the dang thing back out so it's spitting paper all over the floor. The bottom tray works, but you have to select it every time you want to use it and it is twice as noisy as the top tray for some reason. I print some invoices on half sheets of paper. Not with this printer. It sucks them in sideways. If you attempt to use the paper alignment edges in the paper tray to feed it straight, they center up your half sheet and it only prints half of your invoice. I will have to redo those invoices to suit this printer. Not real happy with paper management.For no apparent reason, it frequently stops printing in the middle of the page, sits and thinks about it for a minute, and then spits out your half-printed page. You then have to go and cancel the document and start over. It does this to me on almost a daily basis. If that weren't irritating enough, this morning I'm printing away and it stops in the middle of the page (of a multi-page document), a pop-up comes up and asks me if I realize that I'm getting low on ink and would I like to order some. After I check the leave me the heck alone and get back to work box, it spits out the half printed page, and I have to cancel the document and start over.I am using this for a home business and I will probably use it for awhile to justify spending $150 on it, but I would never buy another Epson printer. I'm going back to Canon, I don't care how much ink I go through - time is money and it makes my dogs uncomfortable when I swear.A footnote: When looking at the 4 1/2 star rating, bear in mind that there are twice as many Vine Program reviews than there are unbiased reviews from people who actually purchased this printer.Changed my review to one star. After giving up on the wireless network, there is no improvement in printer function. I never go a day without getting an error message and having it stop in the middle of a print job, spitting out the half printed page, and requiring me to cancel the print job and start over. I have been attempting to print holiday newsletters printed on both sides with photos. I can't begin to guess how much high-end paper and ink I have wasted with this boat anchor today. It also told me I was low on ink so I thought to replace that cartridge before starting the next round of printing to avoid more mysterious errors. It refused to allow the carriage to move to the center position for cartridge access. Another reboot and more swearing. Beyond Disappointed
It's a beautiful looking printer, the speed is fast and the color printing looks good.The software is buggy though.I wasted half a day installing and reinstalling the software to enable wireless printing.  Finally I waited until Saturday and called customer support.  It turned out I needed to go "Devices and Printers/Add a Printer/Add a Local Printer/Create a New Port/EpsonNet Print Port.  This instruction is nowhere in literature.Now wireless printing works, but wireless scanning only works when the printer is connected to the computer by USB cable.The "Epson Connect" software for remote printing does not install.  It "cannot find" the printer, despite the fact that wireless printing works.  The customer service rep suggested my Avast virus-protection freeware was probably causing the problem, or my Cisco router setup.  I'm no computer security expert but clearly those are last resort notions from a rep who doesn't know what he's talking about.  He asked me to do an installation on another computer in the house, and when the printer again couldn't be "found" he suggested the computer, 20 feet below the router through the floor, might be too far away from the router.  Again, clueless.I'm tempted to return the Epson and try a Brother, but what a hassle.  1-star until Epson debugs the software.Update October 14, 2013 - I strongly discourage anyone from buying this printer.  The wireless printing issue has never resolved itself.  Printing images in "standard" mode typically results in streaks across the picture, it's necessary to print in "high" mode to get a proper image.  Copy settings must be endlessly fiddled with to get a 1:1 image reproduction.  Today is yet another strike - I am printing an invoice from an email, and the printer prompts me to replace the cyan and magenta ink cartridges.  I don't need color so I change the setting to black and white, but again am prompted to replace the color ink cartridges.  I'm presented with two choices - buy Epson ink, or cancel, so I cancel and am punted back to start.  That is to say, I cannot print in black and white until I replace the color ink cartridges.  Now I am going to make this personal because it is deserved - It is absolutely unbelievable how a company's leadership and people can have so little pride as to put out such an incredibly poorly configured, poorly supported device such as this.  My only pleasure is in this buying replacement ink cartridges from a re-manufacturer instead of Epson direct.  Really a sad piece of equipment, do not buy, and I will not buy an Epson printer again.Update 12/29/13 - Starting a few weeks ago, the printer recently stopped laying down ink on the "plain paper" setting. I had to set the printer to "glossy" to lay down adequate ink.  It took 4-5 minutes to make a copy on this setting.  A few months ago I switched to generic ink cartridges.  They were compatible until today.  The printer now "Cannot recognize" the ink cartridges.  No surprise, the cartridges have plenty of ink but the printer still demands I reinstall them.  It's won't proceed, no longer functioning even as a copier.  One of the worst purchases I've ever made.  Wish I could rate it zero starts.Update 12/30/13 I just ordered theCanon PIXMA Printing Solutions MG7120 Wireless Inkjet Photo All-In-One Printer, Cloud Enabled, Blackto replace this Epson printer that has been disappointed since day 1.  Looks like every multifunction printer sold on Amazon has a bunch of bad reviews, but this PIXMA seems to have the best ratio of positive to negative reviews.  I will Freecycle the Epson.Update 1/3/13 - I've installed the PIXMA.  Very nice looking machine, great copy and scan quality.  Easy installation.  The wireless connection installed perfectly.  The scanning software didn't install properly until I identified a conflict with Avast! Anti-Virus.  Now I'm fully installed, very relieved to be done with the Epson and with a working printer, easy to use, good output quality. buggy software, multiple installation problems, ongoing problems months later
I own the XP-310 Epson printer, not this model.  However, there is some corporate greed technology in the XP-310 that is most likely in all of their printers.I actually really liked my Epson printer until it came time to replace the ink cartridges.  I always look at the replacement cartridge prices before I buy, and the Epson were cheap.  However, I soon found out that the minds at Epson went to VERY great lengths to make sure you can use only genuine, way-over priced Epson cartridges in their printer.  The aftermarket cartridges won&#8217;t be &#8220;recognized&#8221; by the printer, and even the empty refillable cartridges won&#8217;t work either.  Don&#8217;t bother with the bottles of ink to refill your existing Epson cartridges, for that won&#8217;t work either.I could have bought 4 black and 2 each of the other colors for $14 for the aftermarket products.  Instead, the cheapest I could find for the same 10 Epson cartridges cost over $80.  Actually they weren&#8217;t the same, the aftermarket were the larger capacity where the Epson cartridges at $80 were the smaller ones.Maybe other or even all other printer makers do this same thing, as I don&#8217;t buy printers often.  In the mean time I will have my old Canon printer repaired and use the Epson only for scanning and copying. Corporate greed technology
You'll love this printer for the first few weeks... until you start running out of ink... and you always seem to be running out of ink. Only then will you get it.Contrary to what it may seem, ink for this printer is *not* cheap. It's a racket. There are four ink cartridges you must buy. If Magenta, Cyan or Yellow runs low, the machine will not allow you to print in black (even if black is full). That's right. That black cartridge I just bought is off limits simply because magenta is almost out. It's a racket.With average use, the black cartridge doesn't even last one month. So, it's not as cheap as it seems and it's awfully inconvenient. You're forced to have all cartridges full at all times. In other words, you'll be buying ink every single month, sometimes twice a month. I'm constantly buying ink for this thing & lifting the hood.This printer is too obtrusive for wireless connections. It has more updates and reminds me of its presence more than I care to be reminded. I'm tired of self-important software, apps, etc. I like my printer to shut the hell up until I need it. I don't need it 'updating' every week. I don't wanna be a part of a community.I miss my old HP. I never heard from it unless I was about to use it. The ink cost more, but it lasted for months. When color ran low, I could still print in black. When black ran low, I had the option of printing in blue. When I use this Epson, I feel like I'm being taken advantage of.It's also a very wasteful printer. Print heads/nozzles in Epson printers are embedded in the printer. So if you don't print everyday, the system wastes ink to unclog the nozzles for a normal printout (without white lines). HP printers have empty spaces where cartridges with built in nozzles glide in. Every time these cartridges are replaced, it's like you get a new printer. HP cartridges cost more, but you get a lot more ink in the cartridge, use less ink for maintenance, and get better printouts.Although WF-2540 has some good reviews here, I'm guessing many of those come from folks who have only had it a short time or who rarely print anything.I'm now selling mine on Craigslist & buying an HP laserjet. All-In-One laserjets cost a bit more upfront, but they're more convenient to keep inked, cost less in the long run & are cheaper to operate.I would not purchase this printer. It is a scam. Expensive To Operate, Wasteful & Inconvenient
The only reason I gave this print one star is that there is no setting on the print window for "draft" or "economy" printing. It uses a lot of ink and there's nothing I can do about it. When I can afford it, I'm getting rid of this one and getting one that's highly-rated by consumer reports for ink usage.Update 3.20.13: Now the printer is mysteriously printing poorly, skipping lines, and I'm about done with it. I will probably use up the ink cartridges I have and then buy another printer. One reason for only one star:
You will buy ink.  Lots of ink.  The printer is cheap but the ink will eat you alive.  In fact, I am going to run out of ink and throw this thing away You Will Buy Ink Lots Of Ink Cartridges
No idea how this is rated the best selling printer on amazon.com. I hated it. It takes a year to send the message to the printer to print the pages, and it only worked connected via USB. The printer was on the network and would not communicate with any computer in my office. Garbage. Returning it. Should have bought an HP. Mega-Crap - the wifi feature is crap and indian tech support was worse
Ok its a descent printer. I wanted it for its air print feature so my ipad can print to it. None of the ipad apps work well so I wanted this, and it works flawlessly. I have four epson printers from this one to an artisan 710 and the Workforce series. It seems like all of them do one thing well leaving something lacking. The pain in the butt on this one is the paper feed trays are not only confusing, but are small. The printer wont print pictures to regular paper tray without some hokus pocus that I cant figure out. You must use the photo paper tray that has all these settings and guides you must align. The other epsons work easier but dont print quite as good a quality photos except the artisan is as good.The touch screen is awesome. A must have feature. No more clicking through ten menues to get to where you need to be to change a setting.One of the strangest features is extending print guide. Watch the video and you will see it. I like the printer, but it does have its flaws. I would not buy it again. It is such a departure in design and function from previous epsons. Its just odd.Update:Ink cartridges are very small. Smallest I have seen on any printer. Ran out after twenty pages. Printer shuts down and will not print after it gets a signal of low ink.I have contacted Epson about this problem they replied cartridges only intended to prime ink heads not to print. Need another set of cartridges to print , &#34;would you like to order some from me now?&#34; Uhhh NO 20 Page Ink Longevity - Called Epson Says Designed That Way, Included Cartridges For Priming Not Printing They Say
Just an update to the review I wrote a very short time ago (at least... for a printer's lifetime).A few weeks after writing this review, black text started looking a little "off". The ink monitor showed that black was low, so I dutifully bought a new Genuine Epson cartridge. I put it in, did the magic new cartridge dance, cleaned out the print head, and... no black."Hm. Must be Photo Black! I don't know why it's blending them, but I'll give that a shot." So, another cartridge, another new cartridge incantation, and... no black. Thinking "Wow, what a waste of ink it would be if I kept doing these head cleanings on all five cartridges!", I decided to take out all but Black - which caused the printer to freak out and cry about not having its whole collection.Well, on a printer that's fairly new, I'll just RMA it. Sorry, not so much with Epson. They won't just take your word for it, so there's a solid hour of time I get to spend troubleshooting with someone who thinks this is my first printer. Wonderful.And while "Epson won't print black" is an incredibly common search term that produces tons of hits, none of them go anywhere useful. Basically: everyone's Epson seems to do this, and the solution is getting Epson to replace it. Why this never happened on my Workforce 840 is probably luck, if I had to guess.But wait... my story gets better. Epson sent me a replacement. I got to trade my shiny new (albeit broken) printer for a refurbished model that was scratched everywhere, and had mysterious "splashes" all over one side. I was kind of sad that I had a printer that looked so trashed until... YAY! Epson replaced my broken printer with... ANOTHER BROKEN PRINTER! This one wouldn't even power on properly.So what did I do? Why, I called Epson! (Did I mention that it's not toll-free? I get that most people, myself included, have wireless phones or unlimited long distance these days, but still, it seemed pretty chintzy.)This time, it only took twenty minutes. I described the problem, which the first person immediately confirmed as being a hardware problem. He transferred me to someone else, who took somewhat longer to confirm that, yes, there was a hardware problem. Great! Try again, right? Mmmmm... no. For reasons that the support guy couldn't articulate, he couldn't send a replacement. Someone *might* call me in 24 - 48 hours, but if they don't, I should call back, unless I want to wait 3 - 5 business days to see if a replacement just happens to show up. (I'm not even kind of making this up.)P.S., hope you live near a FedEx depot or Kinko's, because they're the only places you can drop off the broken printer. Lucky me, the nearest Kinko's is almost across the street from the nearest FedEx depot -- 20 miles away. And since I now have to return the first printer within 7 days to prevent a charge on my credit card, and the replacement replacement printer may or may not come, I get to go twice! Maybe I'll visit both places!***Original Review Follows***Between my Canon Pixma MX850, MX860, andEpson WorkForce 845(not to mention several others), I've settled in to some requirements for any decent multifunction printer, and I have to say, the XP-800 has hit just about every mark:1) Hybrid supportOne of the things I've traditionally disliked about Epson multifunction printers is their penchant for leaving Mac users in the cold. Even the 845 had features that worked in Windows (e.g. "Scan to PC") but not OS X. Fortunately, Epson has come up with great Windows *and* Mac drivers -- AND they're apparently paying penance by including Google Cloud Print (so Chromebooks can print, too), e-mail-to-print, AirPrint... Seriously, hats off on this one. Everything that works in Windows 8 works in OS X, and just about every mobile device under the sun can print.2) SizeThe XP-800 is smaller in every dimension from any other multifunction printer I've owned, yet it still manages to pack two front-loading paper trays! There's a catch, though, in that it protrudes nearly 10" when the tray comes out for printing -- and the tray never automatically retracts. It's probably the most confusing design I've ever seen on a printer. Yet, it still takes up less space than either of my Pixmas.3) Print qualityEver since the Epson Stylus 740, there's been a certain sharpness of text / softness of color that even a casual observer could notice. "Did you print this on an Epson?" has been asked more than a few times, and I'd wager, rarely in a negative way. While the text quality on the XP-800 is more than decent, I did notice that the characteristic Epson "look" was missing for the first time since the late 90's.4) Ink managementEpson ink seems a bit on the expensive side to me, and yet, the XP-800 cartridges are very competitively priced. Once thing I did notice though: the XP-800 is chewing through ink like crazy. Having the C/M/Y/K/PK tanks is certainly welcome, but not if very casual printing means buying a new black cartridge almost monthly. I'm not 100% certain that the ink isn't at a 50% factory fill and that the ink meters are just relative contents-to-full. So far, though, it's looking like the XP-800 might be expensive to run.All things being equal, I can't fall all over myself with praise for the XP-800, but it's definitely a competent multifunction. If you have non-Windows devices (and especially if a Chromebook is on your horizon) you owe it to yourself to have this printer on your short list. Update: Stupid Piece of Junk
Epson replaced it with a refurbished model.  I needed the printer and made an emergency purchase at a local Staples of the updated version, XP-810.  It has now developed the same problem.  Wish I had purchased another brand.  None of the previous printers I have owned have been so unreliable. Worked great for a few months then would not print black.
I recently bought this printer to replace my hunk of junk HP only to realize after setup this is as equally a piece of junk as my HP. It does NOT play nicely with my Mac Mini running OSX 10.8. The utilities software and the mac utilities software for scanning all render the same result, an error message stating "Scanner reported an error." So now I am running this same exact printer on my Macbook pro with OSX 10.8 and it is working fine. I have updated all the drivers and all the other things and the all render the same outcome. Not worth the hassle if you're a Mac owner. Does NOT play nice with Mac
I am loving this printer.  It's modern and compact.  Setup was easy.  I love that the wi-fi works well and it has a nice little screen so I can preview items. I haven't had problems with paper jams.  I also haven't had any trouble printing on card stock. There are lots of great features and settings on this printer, making it very versatile, but also slightly complicated if you aren't used to options.  I love having such a customizable printer, personally.  This thing is a great printer for the price.  I feel like I have a big professional machine tucked away in a little printer. It's great!5-16-2013 UPDATE: I have been using this printer for about five months and it's non-functioning already.  It won't print or make copies because the paper jams every. single. time.  I can't tell you how frustrated I am with this thing.  Epson emailed me and said that since there is a one year warranty, they can walk me through a diagnostic on the phone to ensure that I qualify for a replacement.  Then they would ship me a new one while I ship the old one to them.  I would have to give them my credit card number in case they didn't receive my old one in the mail.  If that happened, they would charge me in full for the new one.  Fun.7-22-2013 UPDATE: I have reduced my rating to one star on this product.  The fact that it was non-functional after five months is enough to warrant this low of a rating, in my opinion.  I called customer service and due to my bad of not keeping a record of the exact date of purchase, my warranty is void.  So my story ends with a printer that I really liked which is now a piece of trash. A Sleek Design with Great Features, But Doesn't Hold Up
Update 11/5/2013: I have been using this shredder for about 6 months. No heavy use, just shredding about once a week and only about 10 pages total. I usually feed it 2-3 pages at a time. It worked fine until it didn't. One day the shredder stopped working and it has not turned on again. There is no jam, I looked. It doesn't even turn on, doesn't attempt to do anything. It is completely dead. I am very disappointed with this machine. I had high hopes for it. But, it no longer works. My Aurora Shredder has now lasted over 3 years and it was less than 20 bucks. So, save your money on Fellowes and get something else.ORIGINAL REVIEW:For about 3 years now I have had theAurora Shredder, and it has worked just fine. But, I need something a bit better now for my small business. I am keeping the Aurora for the home.I had accumulated quote a bit of things to be shredded so as soon as I got this shredder I started shredding, a lot.Safe Sense TechnologyAlthough it I would be hard pressed to fit any finger through the opening of the shredder, even baby fingers, this sensor is a nice security feature. Basically, as soon as your fingers get to the area of the feeder, the shredder stops working. I guess this might be good for men and their ties...?10 sheetsWell... It does shred the 10 sheets, slowly and grudgingly. I'd keep it at 6-7 to keep it working in top functioning order.FastI was happy to see that the shredder works fast and efficiently. It does cut down on shredding time.Overrall, this is a reliable shredder. It works great for the home or for a small business without a lot of paper. Lasted 6 months and stopped working
There needs to be a place to give ZERO stars....... This is the dumbest thing I've ever seen and comes all in pieces. Took 5 minutes to pump up that stupid ball inside the cheap fabric cover. Everything about it is CHEAP.....No way can I sit on this thing no matter how many times you try or how many ways. It's just a stupid rubber ball inside some fabric with a base to put 4 legs on. The legs are the only good thing about it because they attach with 3 screws so they stay on solid and there are 4. I'm just going to let it sit in a room and see if the cats will play with it, if they even will. Nothing they can do except use it for a scratching post but they are declawed. I can't imagine suggesting using this thing to try to sit on for any kind of task and there is NOTHING comfortable or relaxing about it. I don't see even a child thinking this is fun. I'll let it sit for awhile just to see how long it takes for the air to escape from the ball, then I'm putting it in the burn barrel and sending it up in flames......P.S. I did sit on this thing for over 45 minutes to try to give it a shot and my lower back and my neck hurt from it as well as my buttocks. Zenergy Ball Chair
We had a new printer and when the ink that came with it ran out we put in these cartridges and had nothing but trouble. We never did get them to work properly. Maybe it was the batch because my husband went and bought some from Office Depot and they did not work either. They had the same batch number so maybe it was a bad batch from the factory. Wasted a lot of money, actually we wasted as much money as the printer cost in the first place!  Anyway we ended up with refilled ones and they work fine for our purposes. Nothing but trouble
Epson is a very greedy company. These are the exact words they say about their ink cartridges for the XP-600 printer, and presumably all of their printers:  "All ink colors are used for printing and all-in-one maintenance, and all colours have to be installed for printing. For print quality, part of the ink from the included cartridges is used for printer startup and a variable amount of ink remains in the cartridges after the "replace cartridge" signal".Really, we are all being fleeced by this company. Half of the ink is gone by the time your printer is ready to print with the standard cartridges, and the sad story is, you don't just run low on black even though you may never print anything in color because all of the colors are used, and you cannot operate the printer unless all 4 cartridges are in place. If that isn't greed, I don't know what is! I've gone through 2 black standard cartridges in a 3 month period and I never print anything in color, and always print in draft mode. You be the judge. Big Rip-Off
They sent me wrong cartridge so I sent them back, no use keeping something you can't use sent back already wrong cartridge
I think it was defective. The printer wouldn't recognize the cartridge. I have ordered another one. Hopefully it will work. Printer wouldn't recognize the cartridge.
I love HON products. I have their lateral file cabinet that is now 21 years old and as good as new. When I saw this chair in the Vine newsletter, I rejoiced and couldn't wait for it to arrive. Once it arrived, my joy rapidly turned to despair.All the parts were in the carton. They were wrapped well enough (though the carton itself was beginning to open at the bottom and the delivery man caught it in the nick of time). Some of the shiny metal had scratches on the paint and a dent, but all in inconspicuous places and I didn't mind.The leather smelled good. You can't see it in the picture, but there's white topstitching.There are no written instructions, just pictures on a crib sheet. The very first items to be attached are the wheels to the 5-legged spoke. I've had chairs with wheels like that before, and normally they click into place if you press hard. These wheels required active hammering with a small hammer, because you can only knock on the narrow space between the wheel shells, otherwise you might damage them. I thought of skipping the wheels, only to find that the pole which supports the seat comes through that 5-legged spoke and won't fit if the spoke is on the ground. I hammered away and eventually got all the wheels in.Attaching the up/down and tilt mechanism to the bottom of the seat went smoothly, though I found it curious that the screws were all different depths, i.e. I had to turn the Allen wrench 6 times on one, 9 times on another, etc. There are four screws and each one seemed to require differing turns. Peculiar, but not a big deal.The first surprise was that, unlike my current desk chair, the seat and back are not bolted, welded or framed together. In fact, the only way the back stays on is by a couple of screws on each armrest. A scary prospect, not made less so by the caution affixed to the bottom of the seat, warning users to check all screws and bolts every six months because injury can result if they loosen. No kidding! But realistically, who is going to inspect and tighten every screw on a chair twice a year...or ever?The second surprise, which I could not overcome, had to do with the K screws. Each armrest fastens, first to the seat, then to the back, with a J and a K (that's the company's identifier). I tried everything. The J screw worked fine on both arms. The K screw simply could not be attached on either arm. I took the arms down and saw that the K screw would attach on its own, but not through the hole in the armrest. I tried attaching the J first and K second. I tried attaching the K first and J second. I tried attaching the left arm first. Then I tried attaching the right arm first. I tried it horizontally, as shown in the pictured instructions, and vertically, by removing the seat from the pole and leaning it on its side.Without those screws, you cannot attach the backrest to the seat.Because the backrest is capable of tilting, you cannot risk attaching it using only the J screws.Result? I have a very nice, rolling ottoman in soft leather. No desk chair, with or without arms. If I had paid for the chair, I'd return it. Since I received it from the Vine program, I will cherish the rolling ottoman and regret the fact that this chair could not be assembled. The K is not OK
My Fusion 5000L 12&#8221; laminator arrived  in a well-protected box, complete with user manual and quick start guide. I first read the directions and then plugged it in and turned it on. I was impressed with how the hour glass light indicated when it was OK to run each of the different thickness ranges from 3mil to 10mil.  I was then ready to begin to laminate my first item when  all of a sudden it  started to emit a loud beeping noise and the display started to  flash a yellow  line  in a circular pattern for a few seconds and then changed  to &#8220;E4&#8221;.  After a few more seconds  I started to smell a burning plastic and then the unit shut down and the display went blank. I let it sit for a few minutes and hit the start button and it started to flash then  the line again and then switched to &#8220;E4&#8221;. I waited for another 15 minutes and tried it again and got the same results  I looked in the user guide to see what it said and and saw no reference to E4 or any other type of error codes.Looking at the quick start guide I saw where it said at the bottom of the back page to contact customer care if E1, E2, E3, E4, E5 shows up. I called them and they said that I have to go back to Amazon to see if I can get a refund or replacement. They said that they cannot do anything for me until I have owned it for more than 30 days. I asked them what the E4 meant but they didn't explain, just repeated I should contact Amazon. Defective; Would Not Recommend
I tried using the included CD, then also uploaded an updated driver file directly from Epson.  Neither works - in fact the one on the Epson site generates an error that it is not supported by the version of Windows.  Back to Amazon it goes.  Obviously it works for some people, but even with my 30+ years of professional computer experience, I can't get it installed on my Dell. Will not install on Windows 7 64bit
Note:I've just moved this printer down from five stars to one star. It was a great printer while it worked. Less than 100 pages into its print life it suddenly lost the ability to recognize that paper is loaded to print. A printer that won't load paper is about the most useless thing you can have around.The original review follows:****************************************There is a lot to like about this printer. First and most important, it is top notch at its basic job ... printing in color. Using good quality glossy paper, you'll be extremely pleased with the quality and color accuracy produced by this printer.I also like the Wi-Fi network connection. That makes it simple and convenient to get everything that will talk to your router to have access to this printer.The color touch screen makes it convenient to view and print photos directly from memory cards with your photos.You get duplex printing (both sides of the paper) which is unusual for a printer at this price point.The Epson Connect service allows you to easily print from phones or tablets, which is confusing or inconvenient for many people.If you print a lot of color, you're going to spend some money on cartridges, to be sure. You'll need to keep extras on hand, as the various color cartridges will run out at different times. The complete package
I love pilot pens and I love colored pens so I was happy to take these for review from the Vine. But they have never arrived. Since the service is part of the review process, I can only offer that I'm not impressed. If they would like to send the product, I'll be happy to use and, if appropriate, amend this review. For now... 1 star. Never arrived
My friend bought this. it did not work well for her, she returned it. She tried her best but it had to go back Questionable
I was a sucker for the marketing of this device in a Costco ad and bought one - only to return it after a few days of experimentation.  The image capture quality was really bad, with extremely limited dynamic range, with shadow areas coming out without any detail, and with far less apparent resolution than advertised.The plus for this unit which might make it and similar models useful for some people is that it doesn't require a computer, but records directly to a SD memory card which someone could then take into a local photo center for making prints of their slides.The general advantage of the concept behind this device is that it is super fast, since it is basically taking a photo of a back-lit slide.  The reality is that the backlight is poor and the camera is poor.  (I found media handling awkward as well.)  But, if you just want to quick-scan your slides at e-mail quality, you might be happy enough.LED flatbed scanners have come a long way in recent years and provide instant-on results, with consistent illumination (none of the light dimming and yellowing after a few years of the old fluorescent light scanners).  My frustration with the poor quality of the Wolverine converter led me to a lot of web research and theCanon CanoScan 9000F MKII Color Image Scannerwhich is double the price, but I have been very happy with the results and with the included software.  (I still tend to do further work in Photoshop to get  favorite slides and negatives super clean.)Since then, the Amazon Vine program sent me the very reasonably pricedEpson B11B207221 Epson Perfection V370 Color Photo Scanner (B11B207221) Scannerfor review.  At the time, it was only $10 more than this Wolverine unit.  The results were extremely impressive for such a low-cost flatbed scanner, not that it is without issues.  (I have a review on that product page.)  I gave it 4 stars in my review there and recommend that anyone who really cares about the quality of the captured images from their slides consider it (or similar) scanners over Wolverine products.  There is some color noise in deep shadow areas that is not present with the more expensive Canon unit above - but even with that, the results are far superior to the Wolverine. Terrible quality; far better options for a similar price
=====UPDATE======12/19/13We don't use this often at all, this is for home use for one person, and we have a host of mechanical pencils, so we HARDLY EVER USE THIS THING. It's now broken.So, after sharpening probably 50 pencils, it works no more. Just a large piece of worthless plastic. Total JUNK! We're back to our old scholastic pencil sharpener that probably cost 50 cents.=====OLD REVIEW=======Pros: Sharpens a pencil BEAUTIFULLY! It's picture perfect with a true point and no straggly pieces of wood dangling.Cons: You need to use both hands to operate this thing. One hand to hold it firmly down, the other to push the pencil in. If you don't hold it down hard, it will spin over onto it's side.Also, I'm not entirely sure when it's done sharpening. Other sharpeners can make a different noise or slow the grind but I can't tell with this X-ACTO model.So, it works well, but I'm not sure I'd buy it again. UPDATE: JUNK!
Had been using this Westcott iPoint Evolution Electric Pencil Sharpener - which worked, but didn't get my pencils "Samurai Sword Sharp", as I like them.Westcott iPoint Evolution Electric Pencil Sharpener, BlackI also have a manual Bostitch "old school " style sharpener. Which though old fashioned actually works better for me then these crazy, pencil hungry machines.Stanley Bostitch All Metal Antimicrobial 8-hole Manual Pencil Sharpener With Dual Cutters, Black (MPS1-BLK)So, the review ... got my box in the mail tried out one pencil - IT GOT STUCK IN THE MACHINE! Yes the pencil was a shorty but I thought I could just give the sharpener a "love tap". Uh-uh, there is a spring tensioning device in the X-Acto sharpener which locks away your pencil (part of the automatic stoppage feature I gather?). It was getting to be 10 PM and I didn't feel like trying to take apart a brand new machine. Of course I ended up doing just that ... completely inaccessible screws - after 40 minutes I did get my pencil out. Roughly tried another pencil and I believe the machine is already broken. I think this will be going out in tomorrow's trash ... which makes me feel as if I did something wrong.My advice:1. Only get this X-Acto sharpener if you are prepared to throw your pencil away at say the 4" mark (which IMO is a total waste).2. Don't be ashamed with the manual, handle cranked pencil sharpeners many of us out there used in school. Due to it having a simple mechanism , a jam or the need to clean or oil the blade is MUCH easier than any electric I have used this far.You the consumer must ask yourself "This guy seems like an idiot!", or heed my warning about NOT trying to sharpen 4" pencils - which I'm sorry ... but I feel they have plenty of life left in them. The X-Acto Ate My Pencil And Died
I bought the HD2 handset on Dec. 5, 2013. My wife was in the middle of a long distance call to her brother when the handset failed. Just turned itself off and would not come on again. Figures, 37 days after purchase. Fails after 30 days
We were hoping that this printer could replace our aging HP Laserjet 2100 and help us move to a paperless home office for all our Macs. Bottom line: no go. (For comparison, the LaserJet 2100 is decade+ old technology, but extremely reliable, and needs new toner only every couple of years or so.)Installation:- I have the latest version of Mac OS X, 10.8.3 and the latest driver download from Epson crashes when running it: can't install. I was able to instal the software over the network from another computer which has a DVD drive.Controls and Display:- The controls are easy to use and well labeled, but the display is incredibly low contrast. Direct light from in front of the printer is needed to read the LCD. It's not usable in the place we'd prepared for it in our home office. The most mysterious light on the front display is labeled "ADF", but it's not described on p. 1, "Using the Control Panel".Scanning:- Scanning over the network (tested with wired ethernet) works, but the software crashes frequently.- Scanning by initiating from the printer, doesn't work for us: the printer gets hung up in some kind of "processing" state; "Busy, try again later". Rebooting the printer doesn't help. "Test Settings" button causes the app to crash.OCR (Optical Character Recognition):This is a very cool feature to have in a scanner. In theory, what you get isn't just an image of your document, but instead an actual word doc with text you can search.- It isn't part of the printer: rather, it's separately included software and an extra step must be performed if wanted. Unfortunately, the software doesn't hook directly into the scanning software: it will only "Get Images From:" a file. And worse, the Mac version does not convert into "searchable PDF", just a PDF with a big image in it instead of text. So it's pretty much useless.Printing:- Printing in draft mode is fast, and pPrinting in the highest quality mode is half the speed of our old HP LJ 2100.- The printed output is low quality: characters aren't as smooth as the Laserjet.- Also, fonts aren't correct, to my eyes: Helvetica 10/12 is much too heavy.- The printer makes a high pitched squeal after every print job.Economy:A big selling point is that the printer is cheaper to run than a Laser. It would take months to compare, but we can look at the performance claimed by the manufacturers:- Epson WF-M1560* 223XL Black* $47.99 at epson.com.* 2400 pages* Cost per 1 ream (500 pages): $10.00.- HP Laserjet 2100* Our decade+ old, but very reliable laser printer which needs new toner every couple of years.* HP 96A toner cartridge* $128.99 at hp.com.* 5000 pages* Cost per 1 ream (500 pages): $12.90.Bottom Line:- It's no good for replacing an old HP Laserjet nor to make a Mac-based home office paperless, because OCR doesn't work properly.- Scanning is a pain: only works reliably by initiating the scan from the computer.- Printing quality is too low quality and too incorrect to use for professional documents. No Good (for Mac)
I was excited to try out this printer, as I have owned other Epson printers and LOVED them. I currently own an Epson Artisan 837 that I use for my color printing needs, but was needing something that just printed in black and white since I print so much, and the black ink in my Artisan runs out fairly quickly.Unfortunately, despite our best efforts and hours of time, my husband and I have been unable to even get this printer set up with our computer! Now we are not computer programmers by any means, but I consider us both fairly computer-savvy. I have set up our other Epson printers on my own very easily - this one is being very, very difficult.One super annoying thing is that the printer comes with no cable to hook it up to the computer for set-up. So basically if for any reason your wireless connection is unreliable or the wireless set-up doesn't work, you need to either 1) go purchase a USB printer cable, or (in our case) 2) search through your storage for an appropriate cable.We have tried over and over to set-up the printer, both wirelessly and using the cable, and have had no success. The computer recognizes the printer initially when we plug it in, but will not install it, and apparently the driver will not install either. Also, when we tried to set this printer up it completely messed up my Epson Artisan, and my computer now has difficulty printing on that printer as well! I am super bugged.I still would love to get this printer to work, and will definitely update my review when/if we have success, but for now know that set-up of this printer is not as simple as it looks. Super frustrated
I have had several electric pencil sharpeners before this one.  I used this sharpener for my kids' pencils for back-to-school for my torture test.I do not recommend this sharpener for the following reasons:1. The sensing technology does not alert me when the pencil is sharpened so if I don't pull it out to check, the sharpener will keep on sharpening until I pull it out. Maybe I got a lemon but there is no sensing technology like the one in my well-used Panasonic sharpener.2. The gray cage surrounding the blades trap the shavings and they are very difficult to remove without inserting a paper clip to loosen the shavings. I never needed to do that with my other sharpeners.3. The product description is incorrect.  The sharpener can only sharpen regular size pencils not wide diameter ones. It is also built for moderate use not for heavy use.These factors are deal breakers for me so I do not recommend this product. Not recommended
When I set this sharpener on the desk and put a pencil in it , as soon as the sharpener touches the blade holder it starts to rotate. You need to hold the sharpener with one hand while inserting the pencil with the other.Most of the time the sharpening blades shave away the pencil wood to a point without any pencil lead showing. Maybe one in 5 tries will leave less than 1/64" of lead showing. It's not enough for more than one or two uses.Putting pressure on the pencil doesn't work. This only gets the pencil stuck in the sharpener. There is no on off switch. Opening the battery compartment is the only way to remove the pencil.Westcott should have spent a little effort designing an efficient sharpener mechanism and less time designing a paperweight.. doesn't work
Strange - the pencil sharpener arrived with the sharpening part missing!  I hadn't opened the shavings reservoir, only the battery door, so I'm sure it could not have fallen out accidentally, also since this came in a bubble clam pack, it was clear that it wasn't something that came separately for installation.Very disappointed D.O.A. - very disappointing!
As others who gave a 1* rating, I would have given it a minus if possible!Ordered printer 0n 2 June, having had older Pixma which gave Trojan serice.  It was delivered approximately 10 days later (this before I had Prime).Printer struck me as being extraordinarily flimsy, the plastic parts noisy when functioning; loud; forever to print; and, an ink gobbler!In early June 14, it went belly up.  I tried all the self-help fixes I could find.  No lock!  On 12 June 14, I called Canon help desk (the date is important, in my opinion the printer still under its warranty).  They sent a new printer head which did nothing.  I then asked for a replacement, never hearing again from them!  I will contact Amazon w/ this shameful behavior by one of their suppliers! And, LOOK ELSEWHERE THAN CANON FOR ANY ELECTRONC NEEDS!
Software:There are two pieces of software that come with this craptastic scanner.  My Image Garden which supposedly organizes your photos (whether you opt into it or not) and the scanning software.  The scanning software is horrible.  The default is autocropping and after two hours I could not shut it off no matter how many times I changed the options.  There are few options and most of my photo (the bottom half and the right half inch) were completely cropped off of every photo.  The image was not that great and I selected the highest resolution possible.  My Image Garden, although I selected to NOT organize my photos, grabbed them and brought them in anyway which was really annoying.Another problem with the software is that it scans document pages separately and doesn't combine them into one PDF, you get several.  If I had spent another two hours I might have found a solution in the truly awful manual, but since it was obviously translated from another language and I had already wasted two hours sifting through it to try and shut off autocrop, I didn't bother.Scanner:The scanning bed is just barely 8.5 inches wide.  If you have an image that is 8.6 inches wide it will get cut off.  Actually, it autocropped most of my image off anyway and it was well within the 8.5 inches.  The attachments for the negatives are really cheesy.  They're too bulky for the lid and stick out enough to make scans arduous.  I had an older negative scanner and it laid flush with the negative attachment inside.Color and Depth:With an image scanner, but especially negative scanners, there's usually a color and depth problem.  The color can sometimes be corrected with Adobe Photoshop or Photoshop Elements, but the depth can't be.  This one has the depth problem.  Scanned images look very 2D not 3D.  It's hard to explain but when you see a great scan and a poor one, you know the difference.  This one is poor.  There aren't enough adjustments in the software to make up for the poor quality scans. Crappy software and horrible scanner
I've had it for about 3 weeks and was liking it in spite of the lack of editing software and a few minor glitches that I could live with.Then I discovered a glitch that I couldn't live with.I routinely scan documents and save them as JPGs so I can adjust the documents when necessary.I was scanning a bunch of stuff that had very faint text. When that happens I click on auto correct (in Microsoft Office Picture Manager) and it darkens the text just like on my 8800F that I was replacing.Unfortunately, with the 9000F Mark II, the auto correct doesn't save the change.Here's the kicker. The 8800F saves the change, the 9000F Mark II doesn't.I even went back to documents that I had scanned previously with the 8800F, clicked on auto correct, saved the change properly.So, documents scanned with the old 8800F can be auto corrected and the changes saved. Documents scanned with the new 9000F Mark II cannot be auto corrected.Canon tech support was clueless and blamed it on Microsoft Office Picture Manager. It's going back.
My original review:This is quiet, whisper quiet, like no other sharpener I've experienced. It is "heavy duty" in the sense that unlike other sharpeners, the motor doesn't strain to sharpen a new pencil. It has dual, counter-balanced blades, so as long as the motor works it should sharpen pencils perfectly sharp forever. That's in contrast to some sharpeners that use a single blade and a spring mechanism that wears out.My updated review:I threw out the original box yesterday; it suddenly started making a screaming noise today.  I guess I'm out the $50 for this expensive piece of junk. Started Making Loud Noises
I was very excited about how solidly made this sharpener seemed; it looked like something that would last a long time. It worked great for the first pencil but died as soon as I stuck in the second. I tried several outlets, shaking the sharpener out, re-attaching the shavings container, but alas it was dead as a doornail. Lemon?
Based on the description, I thought this tape was for security -- the type that when lifted up off its sealed surface, left behind part of the printing and in doing so, provided clear evidence of tampering. Rather, the tape is simply communicating a public service message to check the seal before accepting the package.The tape has a double whammy. It is too thin to safely use for shipping, so it is not the best choice for packing tape, and further, it does not do the job suggested by its stated message. Since it is easy to lift the tape up and put it back down without it being evident, a package recipient may glance at the tape see nothing obvious, assume no tampering and accept the shipment. The product, at best, accomplishes little, and at worst is counter-productive. Misleading and pointless. Causes more harm than good
I do mail order for a living so I go through quite a bit of shipping tape.As the the USPS loves to break stuff, it always looks good to our customers to have the word "Fragile" printed as many times & in as many places as possible.That said, this tape is an utter waste of money.It is thinner than the old priority mail tape that the USPS used to give away for free. I was told by the USPS that it was discontinued because it was so thin packages weren't staying sealed.Compared to my regular shipping tape, in the smallest quantity (& highest price) I can buy that tape, the scotch is $6 more per roll & is slightly smaller (less tape) than my usual rolls.These days with Internet postage it's much cheaper to just print the word "fragile" on the shipping label, or even buy some cheap labels that say fragile.Very disappointing quality. Don't Waste Your Money
This is not a good product. The first thing I read in the user's manual was the indoor/outdoor cameras were not weatherproof. I did not see this information in any of the information on their product page.They were weather-resistant. You can not place them outside in direct rain. What good is a home security system that cannot be used inside and outside?I decided I would try to use them in protected areas so I would move forward. Then more fun happened. I paired the 3rd & 4th camera to the receiver pretty easily. Checked out the system and it looked pretty good. Then I turned the system off and moved the cameras around the house to see how it looked. When I turned the system back on it didn't work. The receiver had locked up with a black screen and the menu touch key would not work. Nothing worked it was locked up.The manual said they had 24/7 tech support. I called the Lorex tech support number and got a recorded message - they work Monday thru Friday 8 to 8 Eastern time. Unfortunately it was Friday evening just after 8pm eastern - actually 6pm where I live. Tried their e-mail same run around. Fill out a ticket and we will get back to you.NO TECH SUPPORT!I packed this up and sent it back - thank you Amazon for this service. I will continue to research home security systems, but I will stay away from Lorex. With no tech support, I don't care if they have the best product in the world - they are not customer oriented. Waste of Money - Glad Amazon is on my side!
First I did not receive the product.  It was two day past the due date to be received.  I gave them one star.  They would not send product until I took off negative feedback.  I refused as I felt it was not fair to take off feedback as I paid for product and did not receive. Estimate arrival time was 9/20-9/25.  9/27 was when the negative feedback was sent.  We went back and forth via e-mail as I would not back down.  I got Amazon involved.  They were helpful and turned it into there investigative team. Cartridgeworld Still refused to send the product until I took down negative feedback.  There excuse was it got lost in the mail. USPS.  I sent a complaint to the USPS and found out the tracking number Cartridgeworld gave was invalid.  Amazon told me they probably made the label which would start the tracking number but never sent the product.  I seen a number of reviews where they used the same excuse it got lost in the mail.  I ordered the product 9/16.  I finally gave in and took down the negative feedback and sent another e-mail to them letting them know.  It's 10/11 today and did receive the product.  These cartridges are the same as other vendors sell.  I will never order from CartridgeWorld again.  I have never in my life had such bad service.  There rating is high as they make people take off any negative feedback.  I think they hope you give up.  I would not.  Take my advice got thru another vendor.  Very disappointed.  Feel  Amazon should drop them as a vendor.  All is document in email. From my messages to Cartridgeworld to Amazon to the USPS.  If I could give them no star I would. Had to fight tooth and nail to get product
My work force 2540 printer recognized them as an off brank and would not work in my printer. In fact, they almost screwed up my printer and I had a devil of a time getting the generic remanufactured ink cartridge out of the printer. It has been my experience that these replacement cartridges are cheaper, but you run a big risk of damage to your printer. In addition that the photo prints may be viewable, but not sharp and clear. The cartridges cost like the devil, but if you want a good print job stay with the brand. Apparently the manufacturers have designed their products so we can't save a lot of money. They give us the printer with a reasonable cost; then make up for it on the ink. Do not use remanufactured ink cartridges
After receiving this, I downloaded the app to both my cell phone and iPad.When I tried it with my cell phone, the app did not save the picture. I was able to save it on my iPad, but it was very sketchy. When I simply took a picture with my camera, it came out much clearer.I really can't figure out why this is better than simply taking a picture on any piece of paper and saving it, especially since a straight photo is much clearer.No real advantage to this. Better to just take a picture!
A couple of Christmases ago my daughters all got together and bought me one big present - a 64 Gig IPad and I must say, it is probably the single best present I've ever received.  They were nervous, weren't too sure I would like it.  I figure I wouldn't mind having it grafted to my arm.  Where I go, the iPad goes - and it has my life on there - my bank accounts, the pictures of my grandchildren, close to 10,000 books, all of my knitting patterns, my recipe database, all of my contacts and phone numbers, a half-dozen favorite movies, games, netflix, all of my magazine subscriptions and much, much more.  So, if there is a new gizmo for my iPad, then I want to take a look.I can only shake my head at thisAmpad Shot Note Writing Pad, 5 x 8 Inches, Wide Ruled , 40 Sheets (20-110)though.  Why bother?  Notepad & Sticky Note are fantastic for taking notes, if I want to doodle I have a drawing app and there are a gazillion more apps if I don't happen to have exactly the right one.  The entire point of an iPad is to go PAPERLESS, not to take pictures of the paper that you doodled on.Further, I can see very little difference between this and an ordinary 5 x 8 Junior Legal Pad, which come 50 sheets to a pad at far less cost.  The sole difference are the little marks in the corner.Grandma's $0.02 - Why bother?  Expensive and totally unnecessary!  Two thumbs down. Ummm - NO!  Why Bother?
I already use Scan to PDF and Evernote, both free apps that do what this does, but much better. The pad is just a pad of paper with guides for picture-taking. Anyone who uses their phone as a camera should know how to take photos without these guides. The pad is also expensive. You could buy a note-sized pad of paper for a fraction of the cost.First you have to download the free app Shot Note. Then you take photos of your notes in the app, BUT I wrote about a 10 line note, and it had a hard time processing that much writing. Once you take the photo it goes into shot note. You can import automatically into Evernote or Dropbox by going to the app's settings and giving it your passwords for the other apps. When I opened up the note in Evernote, it was not clear even though I wrote with a ballpoint (something I rarely use). From that point since it is an image, all you have is the record of the note. It did not open on my iPhone. I guess the note had too much information on it for the small screen.Seems like a lot of work and very useless. A better way for me is to scan my notes into Scan to PDF. With Scan to PDF I can also take multiple photos and make into one PDF.  This takes a photo but saves as a PDF. This way I can make comments and use it in more beneficial ways. I can also bring these PDFs into Evernote if I want. I can copy and paste into Evernote too so I can alter the PDF in its Evernote form. This is good when I have To Do lists.Evernote is a very good notes app-the best out there. Shot Note is redundant and not as effective.Don't waste your money. Better Note Taking Apps Out There
This little pad of paper, which features lines and registration marks, is supposed to help you digitize your notes and doodles when you download the free Ampad Shot Note app to your phone or tablet. You take your notes, then you take a picture of your notes and the app saves the picture. You can import it into Evernote or just share it as is with other via email or twitter.The thing is, with the free app Scan to PDF, you can do all that without the $5 pad of paper. Plus, if it's doodles you want to save, the lines on this paper screw up the drawing.The pad has 40 sheets of paper that are very thin and bleed through to the next page with almost every pen I tried.Sorry, I just don't see much use for this. I don't see much use for this
Good size printer but it was hard to install more than one hour my previous printer was easier to install, this printer is noisy, and the paper output tray doesn't hold the sheets so you will have to pick them up from the floor. The ink cartridge has a poor life I only print 100 sheets and the ink will be over soon, and if you finish one cartridge the color or the black you can print, you need to have the two, in my old printer you can only print with black or color you don't need two and the life of the ink cartridges is better so I will go back to my old printerEpson WorkForce WF-3540 Wireless All-in-One Color Inkjet Printer, Copier, Scanner, 2-Sided Duplex, ADF, Fax. Prints from Tablet/Smartphone. AirPrint Compatible (C11CC31201)still the best printer I'll ever have. Not the best choice
I had an older Pixma that died. No major complaints, so I thought I'd stick with the brand and take the opportunity to go wireless. I like the wireless life, but wow, this is not the wireless printer I'd recommend. Know up front that I didn't check the size and should have--this thing should have it's own zip code. Whatever happened to technology getting smaller? It also takes forever and a day to do anything: print, copy, scan. You better have some vacation time if you're working with more than one page. I also love that this printer uses entirely different cartridges than my earlier Pixma. Enchanting to have a bunch of cartridges on hand that I now can't use--really customer-oriented product development. Please learn from my experience and check out printers at a brick-and-mortar box store BEFORE buying. You'll want to get a good sense of size, features and (needless) complexity.UPDATE: After a year with this piece of garbage, it finally gave up the ghost. This was the worst home office purchase I have ever made. I'd strongly suggest that you save yourself a lot of frustration and look for another all-in-one, and another company besides Canon. Prepare for a Pain in the A**
Setup was a nightmare.  The quick start directions were very limited.  After about 2 hours I was able to get it working wirelessly to my desktop, but no such luck printing from my laptop or iPhone.  After several emails to Canon, it was determined I would have to allow several ports on my anti virus program...well I use Windows Defender/Windows 8, and it doesn't have any options for that.Also, the printer is VERY noisy.  Sometimes sounding like a machine gun and when the paper output tray opens it makes a lot of clanking noises.It also has two lower cassettes and the one that holds regular size paper is on the very bottom.  Unless you have tiny fingers you will have a hard time accessing it unless you position the printer forward enough so it overhangs whatever it is sitting on.I'll be taking this to Goodwill for the write off.On a side note, I reconnected my MX 870 and it is a dream machine.  It's quiet and easily (well maybe not so easy) connected to my laptop. Taking the MX922 to Goodwill
From the moment I turned it on, it sounded like it was dying, then it pretty much died.  Didn't do much printing at all, but of course the larger of the 2 black cartridges showed EMPTY, then it stopped entirely.  The other black cartridge was full.  What is it for? Extremely heavy.  I nearly broke my back lifting it.  DOES NOT COME WITH USB CABLE AND DOESN'T WORK WIRELESS! I bought it because if is featured to print on DVDs and CD disks.  It doesn't.  Nearly broke my back returning it after 5 frustrating days. SOUNDED LIKE IT WAS DYING THEN IT DIED
This has been one of the most frustrating printing experiences I have had- since getting rid of my HP. Don't be fooled by the hefty weight of this printer, it is made of an almost toy like cheap plastic, and I swear had I used this for more than the two weeks I had it, the cassette trays would have broken apart.I purchased this for the use of printing greeting cards (my mistake I suppose ) as a hold over till I get a pro grade printer. But having read reviews I thought I would have been fine. This printer eats card stock for breakfast. Fine I used a lighter weight paper- still not happy and unless you use a regular letter size paper you are in for all kinds of trouble- streaking, crunching of paper, and mis alignment. Not to mention this thing guzzles ink. I may have printed about 10 or so 5 by 7s and there's only about 25% ink left.Having gone through many frustrations I first contacted Canon, who wasted an hour of my time going back and forth trying senseless things before ultimately telling me that only the upper tray can take gloss coated paper no the bottom. (Even though I had previously printed gloss coated thing from the bottom just fine).This printer is not consistent but always moody. When it's in a good mood you will get amazing quality printouts of photos especially. But it's up to you if you want to deal with the 80% frustration vs 20% satisfaction! and lack of help from Canon whatsoever. Thankfully the folks at amazon heard my frustration and took this monster back, no questions asked. That is the only happy ending to this nightmare of a story. Useless printer
My kids were quite excited when they saw these pens.  They immediately tore the two bags containing the pens open and did a tremendous job putting them in order by color in the provided stand.  The pen set is still a staple in their arts and crafts sessions.I grabbed a few pens and began writing with them.  I found the pens to write quite nicely.  It took very little of anything to "start" the pen and get the ink flowing.  The ink had a slight bit of smearing if rubbed immediately, but the ink dried sufficiently in about 10 seconds to prevent smudging.  The colors are vibrant and attractive.The stand that comes with the pens is a cheaper feeling plastic stand.  While it is nothing extravagant, it is sturdy.After several days, one of the orange pens decided to spring a leak and all the ink ran out of the non-writing end of the pen.  One thing that I will say about the stand is that it did contain all the ink and prevented it from leaking all over the table.  The rest of the pens have stayed intact.If I did not have the orange pen leak and make a mess, I would have said that this was a solid 4 star set.  Despite the set not being 68 separate colors, it is a decent set that provided my children with hours of entertainment.  Even though I deducted a star due to one of the pens leaking on day 2, I would still recommend the set for the young budding artist in your life or anyone who needs a good writing pen set in a variety of colors.UPDATE #1:  After a few months, pen #2 decided to leak out all of its ink.  At this point, I am beginning to question the quality of the product.  As I have had two pens leak all their ink out, I am deducting another star.  All I can say is that I am glad the pen was in the holder and the holder does do a good job containing the ink and creating a much larger mess.Update #2:  It has been about 4 or 5 months since the pens were received and started being used.  Since then, I have thrown away about 10 pens because they leaked.  The pens are stored in the holder and are in the house, so it is not like they are getting overheated or frozen and thawed again.  After using this product for awhile, personally I would recommend staying away from this pen set unless you want to be constantly checking for broken pens and cleaning up ink. Great Fun For The Kids But Leak After A Short Time
If this board were being sold at a rock-bottom price I might recommend it for someone who wants something extremely cheap but functional. However, at the time I requested this item, it was selling for about 35 dollars here on Amazon. At that price, you'd expect something of much better quality.When the board was delivered to my home, one of the plastic corners had already broken off, and there was a big dent in the board. You can't just pop the corners back on. They are attached with tiny, flimsy plastic pegs that break off when you're not looking. I had set the board in a spot where I could test it out for purposes of review. No one else went in that room. A few hours later, I discovered that another one of the plastic corners had fallen off, without anyone even having touched the board! The back of the board is just cheap cardboard, which is nice if you want a lightweight board, but doesn't provide much longevity.The pen that comes with it is a nice concept. It has a magnet to attach it to the board, and a little eraser on the end, which I love. However, the magnet is not strong enough to keep the pen stuck to the board, and most of the ink in the pen had already dried out before I got a chance to use it even once.I do not want to drill holes in my wall to hang something so poorly made, and it looks tacky with the two corner pieces missing. It will probably end up in the dumpster before too long. Flimsy. Started Falling Apart Before It Arrived.
This product jammed up on us within 3 pencils.  We allowed it to cool down and it started working again.It seems to break the tip off continuously, because you have to keep trying over and over as it eats your pencil away.When you empty the bin, pencil shavings fall out on your desk no matter how carefully you do it.And now, a few weeks in, it has completely stopped working. I'd rather use a butter knife to sharpen my pencils.
ease of install (3/5) other brother products are better, this one requires flash and java plus it tries to install bloatware/trialwarecould not use once set up, kept getting dirty toner error (had to swipe the green thing a dozen times to make the error message go a away, a new machine should not be dirty!)functionality (1/5) can not print black and white with just black toner, must have other toners, when printing a color picture in black and white it does not come out black and white, it comes out with color ghosting effects(the reason it has 1/5 instead of 0/5 is that it prints in color just fine)not straight feed, paper is bent several times (does not take different thickness paper well as a result)heavy bulky (might as well get a color laser MFC)unlike other brother printers, this one does not have easy troubleshoot for error messages (poor user interface)lack of a master power switch in the back(other brother printers have it)refill toner (1/5) replacement toner is ridiculously expensive for only 2,500 pages, higher yield toners for other brother printers are much cheaper, refill kit is not ideal, involves drilling hole in cartridge...Cons: first use produces burning plastic/rubber smellis brother brand but does not match brother qualityPros: cheap color laser duplex printer requires all toners to print, can not print with just black toner
I oftentimes work on my laptop in the middle of the night and I know it's not a good idea to rest it on a bed.  So I was hoping this device would make it less likely for my laptop to overheat.  And it would have.  But, I don't like the angles I have to use to be able to take advantage of this lift.Perhaps my husband will get better use out of it for his ipad.  We'll see. I Wish I Could Make Adjustments To The Angle of The  Lift...
I own the XP-310 Epson printer, not this model. However, there is some corporate greed technology in the XP-310 that is most likely in all of their printers.I actually really liked my Epson printer until it came time to replace the ink cartridges. I always look at the replacement cartridge prices before I buy, and the Epson were cheap. However, I soon found out that the minds at Epson went to VERY great lengths to make sure you can use only genuine, way-over priced Epson cartridges in their printer. The aftermarket cartridges won&#8217;t be &#8220;recognized&#8221; by the printer, and even the empty refillable cartridges won&#8217;t work either. Don&#8217;t bother with the bottles of ink to refill your existing Epson cartridges, for that won&#8217;t work either.I could have bought 4 black and 2 each of the other colors for $14 for the aftermarket products. Instead, the cheapest I could find for the same 10 Epson cartridges cost over $80. Actually they weren&#8217;t the same, the aftermarket were the larger capacity where the Epson cartridges at $80 were the smaller ones.Maybe other or even all other printer makers do this same thing, as I don&#8217;t buy printers often. In the mean time I will have my old Canon printer repaired and use the Epson only for scanning and copying. corporate greed technology
I suppose having a pre-K teacher and two sons (ages 11 and 9) makes our household a perfect laboratory for reviewing pencil sharpeners. I once joked that our family uses so many pencils that we plant seedlings to ease our guilt.This is our third or, maybe fourth, pencil sharpener review for Amazon.What makes theAcme Westcott iPoint USB Pencil Sharpenerunique is that it can be powered either by batteries (4 AA) or USB cable.What makes the Acme Westcott iPoint USB Pencil Sharpener frustrating is that it lacks the motor and blades -- the heft -- for anything but casual use. I opened a package of pencils and sharpened each one. The sharpener handled the first four with a steady but slow grind. Sharpening the rest was a catchy, chuck-and-pluck effort.I tried to think of a situation where I needed a portable sharpener, powered by either batteries or a USB cable. Maybe, it is designed for business travelers. Sure, but I'd carry a pack of pre-sharpened pencils in my briefcase. Maybe, it is designed for an office worker who doesn't have a nearby outlet. Sure, but that's all the more reason to occasionally get up from the desk and stretch your legs.Honestly, I don't want pencil shavings and dust anywhere near my keyboard and computer.I recommend two other pencil sharpeners, both of which can handle six different pencil sizes and provide shaving receptacles. 5 stars:X-ACTO SharpX Principal Electric Pencil Sharpener-- a 550cc blade motor in a 1.5-pound sharpener (8.8 x 6.1 x 8.8 inches; and 4 stars:Stanley Bostitch QuietSharp6-- one pound (10.6 x 6.1 x 9 inches). For classroom use, I rated the SharpX Principal one star higher than the QuietSharp6.There's a rush to design USB connections to a lot of products. Some work (I've got a nifty USB powered fan) and some don't (the coffee warmer never got hot enough). The Acme Westcott iPoint USB Pencil Sharpener falls into the latter category. I would much rather plug a pencil sharpener into an electric outlet than use AA batteries and a USB cable.Rating: One star Catchy, chuck-and-pluck effort isn't worth it
I tried my pencil sharpener with the included USB cord and also with 4 x AA batteries.  It did nothing.  It seems pretty cheaply constructed and the cord is supposed to be retractable, but that doesn't work either.  It is also too big to be conveniently portable. DOA
I admit I like the design of the Acme Westcott iPoint USB Pencil Sharpener, and the fact that it runs on a USB port as well as batteries made it seem like a good idea. Unfortunately, I must not have received the same product as many of the other reviewers on this page, since I sharpened three pencils before I heard a rather devastating &#34;click&#34;&#8230;and now it won't sharpen a thing. I cleaned out the blade because while the unit still turns, it's obvious something is keeping it from accomplishing the job, and while I cannot visibly see anything, it still will not sharpen a pencil. The pencil's end remains dull and rounded as the unit spins, even with slight pressure. I admit that I could not remove the blade from the unit because the plastic cup which it resides in makes it almost impossible to do so without unscrewing the whole unit (if it's even possible). So while it looks nice, it certainly does not do the job, and I am highly disappointed with this product. Sharpened Three Pencils and Then...
The issue with a gimmick is that it had better work, or else you're going to end up with a very frustrated user. I have this in the 1 inch and 2 inch size, so that I know it's not user error. Even it if IS user error, that's bad design. But it's not.The &#34;one touch&#34; opening dealie doesn't work. When the gimmick that's supposed to make the product makes the product outright unusable, the whole thing is an utter waste. For the price, I'm even more furious. The material feels really cheap and flimsy. Seeing as how I can't even get the thing to work, I can't give it any points at all. Gimmicky and cheap
This binder has a little integrity in its construction.  It does not have nearly the number of bubbles and dents in it that the 1 inch binder does.  It does have a clear pocket on the outside so you can drop a sheet of paper in.  However, the folders inside are positively useless.  While they may hold a couple of pages to start out with, they are not strong enough to have any lasting effect.This binder has the easy to open hinge on the bottom.  I also like how rings are shaped to let pages stay flat.I'm not sure what they mean by 5 year guarantee.  I don't think it is very likely that someone would go to the trouble to return one to the manufacturer.  I personally, would just throw it out when it became compromised.  It's super easy to go to staples and get a six-pack of better binders for the price of this one. Flimsy and compromised
I picked up this binder because it was a heavy duty binder and needed one to store several hundred pages of notes and tests for a class that I teach.  Overall the binder seems to be well constructed, the rings are sturdy, and the outside of the binder seems to be in good condition.However, this binder broke within a week of use.  The plastic tab at the bottom of the binder that is used to open and close the rings broke after a week of use.  Once that was broken it was impossible to open and close the rings of the binder (basically making it useless).  I had to pry open the rings to remove all of the pages from the binder.  The rest of the binder seems to be made very well, however the plastic tab at the bottom is extremely flimsy, and if this part goes the entire binder is basically useless. Broke after a week of use
I received this binder today and was not impressed. It is a pretty color but the cover has wrinkles and it is flimsy compared to what I expected. I don't think this binder is any better than the $1 one I got at the store. I don't recommend wasting your money or time ordering it online when you can get the same thing, probably better at the store. It doesn't have a clear sleeve on the front for a photo which I didn't expect but you can get a better one that does. This was just a disappointment for me. Not Impressed
I can't seem to find any real use for this product.  First of all, the "pockets" are tiny and serve no other purpose than holding the dry erase cards.  It would have been nice if each "pocket" would have been capable of holding supplies applicable to the task.  Even the mesh pocket is anything but generous for storage.  The product photo highlights the grommets and shows the scheduler hanging from two Command hooks.  But ... beware ... no hooks are included.  You need need to buy them separately.  For the $10 price tag, I definitely expected the scheduler to include the hooks.  I am also uncertain why Mead chose teal for the color scheme of their classroom organizers.  The color doesn't really coordinate with anything.  The Mead Classroom Wall Scheduler is not at all what I expected.  I haven't found any incredibly useful purpose for the product, and I believe it to be grossly overpriced. FAIRLY WORTHLESS
There is a locker room in my office building. They are half lockers and I am currently using two I order to house all my workout equipment. The Five Star Stackable Locker Shelf seemed like the perfect solution to allow me to condense into a single locker.Where I went wrong was assuming lockers are all a standard width or the shelf would adjust--neither is true.  So, please measure the width of the intended locker before purchasing this shelf. If the shelf and locker are not exactly the right size the shelf is useless.  If the locker is even a half inch smaller, it doesn't fit in.  If it is a half inch larger, the shelf isn't stable.  You see the top doesn't lock on to the legs, so they slant and fall out from under the shelf if the sides of the locker aren't there to support them.  Good idea.  Bad design. Make sure you measure your locker first--it has to be an exact fit
I was all ready to like this. It seemed useful and well built. The neoprene is well attached and the seams seem well done. I put it on my fridge to give it a try and I stuck a few things in there. The magnets held well and it didn't slid down with the weight. The magnets are strong, well too strong. I pulled it out to put it somewhere else and the magnets popped off and stayed attached to the fridge. So, yeah, this is broken. Broke during its first use. They need to build this better or use stronger glue. The magnets popped out upon first use
The cork on this board is exceptionally thin and flimsy.  If you push a standard sized push pin into it anywhere near the middle, it will push all the way through and put a hole in wall behind it (I tested this behind a door because I could tell it was going to be a problem as soon as I unwrapped it, and sure enough... hole in my wall).I cannot possibly recommend this board. Very cheaply made
In about a month from now the back-to-school ads will appear.  There will be a make shift room with a handsome cork bulletin board hung next to a perfectly arranged desk. Maybe a pennant casually draped over the board to show some school spirit. You know THAT ad?  This would be the perfect cork board for the photo shoot.This corkboard is very nice-looking, but sadly, that&#8217;s the only good thing I can say about it. This thing is so thin that pushing standard thumbtacks into it will not only go completely through the board, but into the wall behind it as well. My now perforated wall aside, the composition of this board is horrendous. In only a few months it&#8217;s been used between me and my brothers to the point where chunks of cork are falling out of the board. As my bro found out, taping anything to the board is not a good idea, as the cork peels right off with the tape. Also, that &#8220;oak&#8221; frame is really plastic, and the only other material reinforcing this thing is cardboard. Dropping this from extremely low heights is a sure way to bust that framing too. This is an okay corkboard to use once in a while, but I just can&#8217;t say confidently that it can hold it&#8217;s own under regular and continuous usage. Great for a photo shoot. Put a tack in it and it looks like you actually shot it.
I buy lots of view binders each year. The brand I usually get is Avery and they are much better. The plastic covering the cardboard is shockinly thin. You hold it in your hands and you seem to just be looking at it waiting for it do fall apart at any second. The seams new are already failing, and it would take nothing to tear off the front and back from the spine. Very Low Quality To Be Avoided At All Costs
These binders are billed as the manufacturer's "strongest ever." If that's the case, I'll have to remind myself to look elsewhere for notebooks. The one that I got arrived with a completely torn rear outer cover (the rip is about 8" across) and the cover itself was warped and curved. Even the most generic of binders that I find at Staples (or even the Dollar Tree) is better quality.Because of the torn rear cover, no insert can be placed in this notebook and since I index the contents of my binders using inserts placed in the outer covering, this one is essentially useless (unless I want to patch it up with shipping tape--lovely).I'm a writer, I live in an ocean of office supplies and organizing tools like binders. I think the company that shipped this needs to order some of their own supplies and see the junk that they are shipping to customers. Zero stars. Cheap piece of junk, arrived destroyed
Won't print SVG files borderlessly. Will not print borderless for all paper types and will automatically crop your image so forget about 'exactly what you see is what you get' printing.I had a canon that broke while I was working with SVG vector files- I needed it borderless since I was making templates for things and needed it to be exact measurements- no scaling up or stretching to fit. I contacted Brother and they sent me their basic tutorial on their borderless prints trying to help but nothing worked. They said it may just not be capable of some file extensions... the thing is it worked (sort of) but it wouldn't work for a borderless print with exact measurements. It was always cropping and leaving a border on the SVG's. I tried PNG and it seemed to stop it all but I need to print in SVG so that didn't help me.The thing seems to be a nightmare where exact measurements are involved. Not sure if other models work or not but as this was my first try with brother I'm not too happy.That all aside- When going to return the item because it essentially lied about the machine being able to borderless print the vendor had some additional instructions for mailing it back- one which was paying the shipping on your own and the other, which I found to be a total crock, pay a 20% fee for restocking the item. Together all of that totals to half of what I paid for the thing... so a 50% loss. I guess I'll be giving it to someone and spending the 50 bucks I would use to return it towards another printer.On a good note it seems to print nicely. Just beware if you are looking to borderless print as a standard use. BORDERLESS PRINTING FLOP
I bought two of these. The one I bought for a friend. Perfect. This one. JUNK. Absolutely no technical support to speak of. Weeks later, waiting for them to call me so they can &#34;Troubleshoot.&#34; Nothing to troubleshoot. Bought two printers. One works. One is junk. Just replace it or repair. Still waiting....tap tap tap. Couldn't fax to save my life
I'm always willing to try the ecologically responsible way of doing things, especially when it costs about the same as not going the recycling path. In this case, I had to recycle this cartridge after one attempt at printing. It left ink peeling off in two strips down the center of the page. I switched it out for a new HP cartridge and I'm back to quality printing. I have never had good luck with recycled inkjet cartridges, either. Generally, they do not print well or at all, and the last one I tried wasn't even recognized by the printer (Canon). I like the idea of "remanufactured" ink and toner cartridges, but if companies cannot make it work, they should not inflict their substandard products on the buying public. Get the genuine HP cartridge
I was so disappointed with this laminator. I read the simple instructions and tried to laminate a business card, then two 8x10 papers and every time the items got stuck. The business card finally worked on the cold setting-although a little bit bent. The heated setting was even worse. Both papers got stuck and when trying to release the jam by hitting the reverse button, the papers crinkled in the machine. So frustrating when the instructions say that the papers will filter through automatically. I'll try calling customer service and update review soon. Total Failure :(
I really want to love this heavy duty laminator! We opened the box and were surprised to feel just how heavy it was! We were pleasantly surprised to find the item came with 5 laminating pouches so that we could get started right away.  Easy to operate! 1-2-3 the first project slide threw like a charm and I have to tell you, we were pleased!  It was not flimsy at all!  Now for the second project - ummm total paper jam and it would not reverse itself. We put the "cleaning" paper in to see if that would help and that too was eaten. It is apparent that it got stuck on the roller. A quick call to customer service and they will "swing by to pick it up", but they don't know when or how. They just know they are creating a ticket for it.  So, I guess I will update my review when I have more information. I think the one important thing to share is that this particular model does not have a "release" button in the event of a jam. If it gets jammed, there is a reverse button, but if it gets wrapped around the roller bar, there isn't much you can do about it.UPDATE:  It looks like my negative review will have to remain. I have heard nothing back from Black & Decker.  Customer Service has not followed through and issued a call tag for return on this item.  It seems to me that customer service should be a priority on a $150 item.  I have since gone and purchased the Swingline GBC Inspire Laminator (retail is $49.99, but paid less here at Amazon) and am very pleased with it! I want to love this laminator, but... (SEE UPDATE)
Worst of the worst.  I can't get past printing a test page that I didn't ask for or want to print to begin with. Walk away
I have a MAC and loaded software with no problem.  Your are required to waste ink by printing a test, scanning the test and then printing it again.  After the test I wanted to print with &#34;Plain Paper, Best&#34; but it was possum slow so I switched to &#34;Plain Paper, Fast&#34; several times but it would print only &#34;Plain Paper, Best&#34; which is not what I wanted.  I kept trying to change the setting but the end result was &#34;Plain Paper, Best&#34; which is very slow (more than 25 seconds per page).  If you are wondering, I did check the setting several times before printing.  HP sucks!!!!!! RETURN IT ASAP
Was sent this to use and review and it did not come with a manual but we think we figured it out and were pleased with how the set up works, then it didn'tPositive side is the design is clean and crisp.Why wouldn't something come with a manual?Top companies include a manual and clear instructions. Alas, we thought it was working but wasn't. Disappointed. Clean crisp design  But ......
This thing eats ink like it was baby formula. I used this twice to print out a paper for school, and now half the ink in the cartridge is GONE! This thing eats ink like it was baby formula
First, save your $$! I have had nothing but problems with this printer.1. It's S-L-O-W and very loud when it prints. I can hear it from the second floor of my house -- the printer is on the 1st floor.2. It constantly has paper jams3. I frequently have to reprint because it frequently will use double sheets of paper (see #2)4. I have to use the reinstall disk on a permanent basis because the printer will automatically disconnect itself from the FIOS internet connection. This is where the printer fails most often... as in several times per week.5.  Switching to a legal size paper requires 5 minutes of your time for set up EACH time you need to print something on legal.6. The support section of the website should really list all the reason of WHY YOU AREN'T GOING TO GET ANY! Oh BROTHER ... WHY Did I Buy This Printer?!
This is a nice compact scanner and it scans both sides of pages.  Plenty of app type options for scanning control methods.  But, it's not making true images for me.  I've experimented with trying to feed the pages slightly differently, but keep getting crooked images with blacked out segments.  Seems like the mechanism that pulls the page through doesn't present the paper to the image capture area smoothly.  I contacted the company's tech support - they told me to try recalibrating, which I did and that did not help.  Passed that on to tech support and never heard back.  Maybe they know it's expected?  Anyway, I can't recommend this scanner based on my experience with it and with the company. Crooked scan images
Very expensive and small cartridges, neverbuy epson again! Hp is cool!!! Check ink prices before you buy. And you will save money such way. Crazy prices for cartridges!!!
Yes..this one.  I usually LOVE Epsons but this one should be returned...if I could.  It prints fine but there is so much wrong with the printer.First it's picky at software compatibility.  It prints fine with Word but heaven forbid you want to print with Print Shop.  You won't get anything to print.Next, you....can....only....print...one...11x17....sheet....at.....a....time.  That kills it for me.  When I print 11x17, I print more than one at a time.  I would &#34;think&#34; most people would!  It even STOPS you if you have more than one sheet at a time.  (Pay attention to this one unless you don't care about 11x17 printing but then why are you even considering this printer?)Finally, and this one baffles me, the scan area is only 8.5x11.  Now why would you create a printer that prints 11x17 paper and limit the scan area to such a small dimension?Yes, set up was easy and footprint is small but the three reasons above made me wonder why Epson put this machine out.  If you're looking for an 11x17 printer I'd look elsewhere.  This isn't a very good one. I Hate An Epson???
If you really want to print your own photos this will do it.  Hands down - incredible pictures.  The small learning curve is to make sure you have the right settings for quality and type of paper.  Once you get that you won't be able to tell the difference between photo store prints and those made with this printer.Update:  Printer head clogged after the second set of ink, since it was after 30 days I called Epson and they immediately sent out a new one.  Now, the reason for 1 Stars:  The new one came and I sent the old one back with the delivery driver.  The new one was "refurbished," not new ( I was told it was an unused return when I called for the replacement).  It also did not have a power cord which I had sent back to Epson with the old printer.  Have spoken with 2 customer service reps (who will NOT escalate my call to next level support) how both say they have to "research whether I am entitled to a cord.  I even offered to pay for it but they would not do that without "research."  What good is a product no matter how nice if it is not backed up by the manufacturer.  Worst customer service ever. A small learning curve Poor customer Service
Don't waste your money.It is totally junk.Customer service told me it was a problem with my computer so he did not have to hep me anymore. Don't waste your money
DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER! We got this printer a couple of months ago. It has a really cheap plastic feel. It is a really crazy set up where you have to close the exit drawer to load paper. The paper drawer just slides on the desk. It is all very awkward. It printed OK so I was wiling to put up with the craziness and cheap feel, but then the complimentary ink ran out. Well it has been nothing but trouble since that time. Yes, we have bought genuine Epson ink and we cannot get it to print color stuff. It is all streaked and weird looking. We have cleaned the print heads. (Be prepared to use up about 1/6 of the ink cartridge to do that chore.) We have aligned the print heads. We have done these things multiple times. We went and  bought a new pack of all the colors including the two black cartridges and went through it all again and still it does not print correctly. This thing is a piece of junk and we have wasted over $200 including the ink. Just DON'T buy this printer. I would give no stars if I could.
Obviously there are all sorts of printers out there, a huge choice. But this is the one I wanted. Why?Easy. It is smaller and lighter than most but lacks nothing. It is fitting into what little space I could free up and is easy to pack up and take with me when I need a flat screen scanner to copy family photographs. Which I do. The other kinds of scanners that are more portable simply will not work as the wand ones don't provide adequate reproduction for photos and I can't send precious old photos that are in the possession of a worried relative through the sheet-fed ones. So this is about the least weighty, bulky and most portable - and able - scanner combo I can find.It is true that this machine is willing to do every print chore I need, including photos, and do it well. It is willing to operate wirelessly if need be. It is willing to do copying chores that otherwise cost me a trip to one of the copy shops. And as I said, it scans in the optimum manner.Several not-so-little negative notes here: The software disabled my computer's firewall despite being denied permission to do so. When I restarted my computer, a program identified as "LTCM Client" had been installed in addition to the Epson items. I immediately uninstalled it and want to put this information out for all.And THEN. I had to call Epson's Customer Support. Twice. That is because the directions were not at all clear and I have not recently set up a printer. The two males I spoke with, whose English was heavily accented and not easy to understand, were very polite but the second one asked for the serial number and then informed me that the machine that I had just received was "over a year old and out of warranty". I see that another reviewer reports the same. I think if this is a corporate policy, to dissuade customers from making good when they receive defective machines, we should "out" them. Anyone else?4/14/2014 update: Found out the hard way why I will never buy nor recommend Epson. I had just started a time-sensitive print job (I don't print much) when suddenly the levels of ink remaining flashed on the computer screen - like a warning. This was accompanied by a blatant reference to the Epson website to purchase more. Now let me make it clear that the graph showed that I did have ink left in the lowest cartridge - black, of course - yet the software shut off the print job right there in the middle, refused to complete. This appears to be designed to make you panic and buy their overpriced cartridges, which will obviously take several days to arrive. Twenty-three dollars for the regular black cartridge and nineteen each for the other four. If I went down to the local office supply store, the black would be the same and a multi-pack sixty-seven dollars and forty-nine cents. You can see that the cost of the ink approaches the cost of the printer. Ridiculous. And I had printed so very little since installing the printer!! Apparently there's very little ink in each cartridge. Something really wrong here, folks.I had to spend my precious time and money going to the local library to print after making a phone call to determine how to deal with the lack of printed material I needed for this time-sensitive project. Now I won't know until I have the printer back up, whether I have successfully cancelled the no-longer-needed print order. Plus I won't be able to copy the needed papers because the blasted thing won't work until the ink gets here. Blatant manipulative, disgusting policy plus a real PITA. If you like this kind of treatment, go ahead and buy an Epson. DO NOT BUY unless you like being bamboozled
The XP-610 is a decent printer but the reason I gave it one star is because of the Epson software. I told the Printer installation that I did not want a Toolbar. It installed it anyway and set a bypass to the computer's firewall. This toolbar software would then surreptitiously communicate with Epson or the Toolbar company on things you do unrelated to the Printer that you installed.The Printer installation also installed Epson Customer Participation software that will gather additional information. There was no request as to whether I wanted this also.I take exception to any software that attempts to communicate with a company behind my back and without my knowledge or permission.How did I find this? My firewall notifies me of any unrecognized attempt to communicate with my network or the internet. I can then allow or block the request.  In addition it saves which software program it was. This allowed me to see what specific program made the attempt and then delete that program.In the end, I deleted the Epson printer from my wireless network and uninstalled all the associated programs. But to remove it required uninstalling 7 separate programs. I tried using this printer with the direct USB connection and the Epson software still tried to go out to internet surreptitiously. At the time when this attempt was made, I had already disconnected the printer from this computer's USB port.Wireless printing is convenient but it appears that some companies are taking advantage of the fact that to get a wireless printer to work, you have to allow it to communicate through your firewall. That means the printer (software) has access to your computer and the internet.Printer features and quality are good but it appears to have some glitches. I tried cancelling a print and the printer just sat there forever "cancelling" until I shut off the printer. The supplied documentation is sparse.I have had HP, Brother, Canon and Epson printers before, right now I have a Brother MFC-J870DW Printer and I prefer it over the Epson XP-610. It is easier to use, never glitches and print quality is excellent.The other problem with the Epson is that if you choose Epson ink, the regular cartridges will cost you $75 while the XL cartridges will cost $99. Sneaky printer.
The xp series is the most unreliable trouble prone printers I have ever experienced.  The ink system is the problem.  Clogs, requires numerous clean cycles which waste a lot of ink and sometimes will not resolve the problem.  DO NOT buy one of the XP models! Troublesome ink system on the XP models.
Purchased the previous version, XP_800, last year from Amazon.  After about six months it stopped printing black and a new cartridge did not resolve the problem.  Epson sent a refurbished replacement.  Needed a printer so made an emergency purchase at the local Staples of the XP-810.  After about three months it will no longer print black even with new cartridges.  These were my first two Epson printers and am very frustrated that both printers developed the same problem so early and disappointed that the 810 is no better than the 800 it replaced.  The replacement cartridges are genuine Epson and no generic or refilled have been used in either.  Checked on the internet and this seems to be a widespread problem with these printers.  I regret having purchased them.Contacted support and after completing a series of maintenance procedures without resolving the problem they are sending a refurbished replacement which is projected to arrive in five to seven business days.The maintenance procedures consume a considerable amount of ink.  The ink used in the maintenance and testing cost about half the price of the printer.  Cannot comprehend how Consumer Reports tested these and did not encounter these problems.  Gives me reservations about relying on Consumer Reports testing and recommendations. Great Printer when it worked for about three months.
I do a lot of letter writing to family and friends with fountain pens for the personal touch.  This pen is very difficult to hold because it is slippery and you can't grip it well.  Much better are the five star Lamy pens with the contoured grip for fingers and thumb. Pens are made to write with, but if you can't hold it, what good is it?
After three hours on hold with various levels of Ricoh tech support I was told that there is no Mac driver for this printer.  None.  And none forthcoming.  So I can't report on how it works.  This is a WIndows ONLY printer/scanner/copier.Very disappointing.  Nothing on the Amazon description noted that it was Windows only. Will NOT work with Mac.  Windows only.
Though I've owned a number of all-in-one printers in the past, my experience with this Ricoh Aficio SP 204SN Wireless Monochrome Multifunction Laser Printer has been the most frustrating.It arrived at my door in pieces that I could not configure. Though the directions give detailed drawings of the front, the back assembly of these pieces is lacking. I eventually learned through through another source that they are actually covers for two different sizes of paper. After that, I could only properly install one of them. Even after several attempts, I never was able to install the other.After a lot of wasted time trying to set this copier up, imagine my disappointment to find the software to print is not even compatible with my computer's operating system (Mac OSX)...*Update: Since my initial review, the product description has changed to include: (windows only). Thank you! Unnecessarily Complicated and Incompatible With Mac OSX
I am not a computer genius however I am not an idiot either. straight out of the box this thing is a pain in the butt. The printer I have is not showing up on the info needed. I have tried with USB and LAN cords nothing! I went online and can only find info for the UK and Australia so it seems there is no help for USA buyers... After 2.5hrs I am giving up, this thing is getting put in the basement storage. Seems i got the wrong set up disk. i still cant find the software online, even on their own website. So frustrated I have spent 4 hrs on this thing now....finally found on their site to download software and low and behold my computer got infected and I have now spent 7hrs on this.... trying to fix it. This is going in the trash, no way would I allow it to take up space in my home. To get help from their customer service line you must provide a credit card before you may get a person.. what kind of scam is this?? After spending hours on it,  then hours trying to fix my computer I called their customer service line and got a person without entering a credit card and got everything resolved however they wanted to back door my computer which also freaked me out. Not an easy process but with the tech guy in my computer this morning for over an hour we (he) got it installed. still not worth all the trouble!!  POS! 0 stars!! Not worth the headache at all!! WHAT??
Not many products make me angry but I just spent half a day, 100 sheets of wasted paper and repeated searches of the internet only to discover that this product is NOT Mac compatible. It is astonishing when Apple is the number one consumer electronics company in the world and used in a large number of homes, home offices and colleges and universities, that a company would put out a printer which cannot be made to work with Mac. Even more annoying, there is no warning of this on the box or the Amazon product page, so one could easily order it and have it not function. Stupid and thoughtless.In addition the instructions shipped with the printer come on a dozen little brochures, all incomprehensible and printed in ten languages jumbled on top of each other. Literally impossible to understand. Who has time for this? Ricoh appears to be clueless how to provide ease of use to customers. Pathetic morons. There are not many products from major manufacturers which have more One Star reviews than any other, a clear indication of a very poorly managed corporation.Note added later: After much investigation and Apple Support discussions, I finally found third party shareware called Gutenprint which does allow the printer to connect to Mac, but only via USB - wireless still does not work.It seems even Amazon reviewers who use PC have equally bad experiences. Skip this printer. The Brother 2270 is a more reliable choice and the refills for it more widely available, and its output looks cleaner than this Ricoh. Not Macintosh compatible. Confusing, useless instructions.
This is positively the worst excuse of a printer I've ever come across. I would love to tell you all about the print speed and quality, the paper handling capabilities, the sounds it makes when it operates and all that other fine stuff buyers of printers are interested in. Unfortunately, I can&#8217;t, because after spending one and a half hours messing with this thing, I never succeeded in successfully getting the printer to operate.I suppose when I opened the literature packet and pulled out eleven sheets of paper written in fifteen different languages, I should have realized I was in trouble. (Thank God I&#8217;m an English speaker though, as the English instructions were always first. God help the Estonians or Finnish or any other country with their language buried seventh or eighth in the list.) I tried to follow the &#8220;quick&#8221; instructions and in doing so, I succeeded in getting everything plugged in and ready to go. From there, it&#8217;s pick your poison of what kind of physical setup you want to do, then try to follow the sheet for that particular kind of setup. I decided to choose whatever was first on the CD, and that was the relatively simple and straightforward USB. Click. Nothing. Click. Nothing. Connect the printer with the USB cable, click. Nothing. Okay. Run an Ethernet cable and choose &#8220;network&#8221;. Click. Dialog box. (Hallelujah!) Computer starts doing something, then an error message: &#8220;Print job already in progress.&#8221; I wish.I messed with a couple of other things, restarted the computer, anything I could think of. Nothing worked. I got the &#8220;Print Job&#8221; error message a few more times before I packed it all up and put it away. At work, we have about thirty printers of at least four different makes, including complicated bar code printers, dedicated label printers, and of course typical office and home network printers (mostly Brother, a few Epsons). I can&#8217;t recall ever having spent more than twenty or thirty minutes setting up a printer, and of course, at the end of setup, they would all print. This is the first time I've ever spent so long for absolutely no results. This thing is going to sit in my attic until Vine rules allow me to dispose of it. That&#8217;s it. Stay away from this printer. One word for this printer: Ugh!
I've setup and installed many players over the years.  Canon, Epson, Minolta, Brother and HP.  Photo printers, networked, wireless, wide format copiers/plotters, and large office printers/copiers.  With the exception of my old Minolta color network printer (over 10 years old), most were relatively painless and were up and running within 5-10 minutes of plugging it in.  This Ricoh printer is far from user friendly -- my Win7 system was unable to successfully install via USB, ethernet, or wifi.  I tried getting the latest drivers from Ricoh's site, but those didn't work either.  As of this review, the last update of the driver (PCL6) was version 1.0, released on 7/4/2013.  If the driver gets updated, and I'm ever in the mood for a headache, I'll try installing this paperweight again.Advice -- Try a Canon, HP, or Epson printer.  I rarely ever have issues with those brands, and setup tends to be a breeze. Look elsewhere
This printer simply will not work with any of my Macs.  Based on the cost of a refill cartridge (and the aggressive 75% reduction in this printer's cost), I'm guessing that this product was intended to be a very low-cost way to hook a few gullible souls into an absurdly priced toner ecosystem (which, in fairness, is what most printers are designed to do, but at least with other printers, there's an attempt to provide quality and reliability as incentives to stick with the ecosystem).  Awful. A Catastrophe
I bought this because I wasn't about to spend $150 for a black and white laser printer that I use only occasionally. However after an hour of trying to get my Toshiba laptop (running Windows 8.1) to recognize this printer I gave up.  Maybe it's a Toshiba issue, maybe it's a Windows 8.1 issue, maybe it's a Ricoh issue.  I don't know but it doesn't really matter.  Back to Amazon it went! Would work with my Windows 8.1 Toshiba
Perhaps it's just my computer, but this printer is a disaster. I have both XP and Windows 8 on two separate computers and it was a royal pain to get it to set up.  First, the wireless wasn't working (granted, we have a somewhat complicated wireless system).  Not only that, but anything else wireless in our house was totally messed up when this printer was trying to access the wireless network.  I know, you are now saying, &#34;well, it's not the printers fault.&#34; Well, maybe so, but I've installed many, many wireless items in my house and not one of them had an issue like this!So since the wireless was being a pain, we used the USB to get it set up, but it WOULD NOT INSTALL or work!!  Looking closer at the notes on the disc, the software and driver was for a different printer than this one!  So they sent the wrong software with it.So unfortunately I can't review how the printer actually works because I spent over 3 hours trying to get the stupid thing to install with the wrong software.  What a mess! Horrible software, painful to set up. Does not help that they sent the wrong software disc!!!
I was genuinely surprised to learn that a printer being manufactured in 2014 does not support Mac or Airplay.  It didn't help that this failing wasn't clearly disclosed in the product description.  Perhaps Ricoh is still living in the 90's, believing that businesses only use Windows.  Whatever the reason, it is inexcusable in the very competitive market at this price point and capability.  It doesn't help that it is -also- hard to set up with difficult and frustrating menus and junk instructions.  Sure, you could jack around with it to get it running in a Mac environment or somesuch, but what's the point?  Even if you only have Windows/Microsoft computers and devices  today, why limit what you can run or a guest can run in the future. No Mac support, no airplay, no good.  Too many other options.
First off the instructions were useless. I am not a computer expert in all things tech so I had a friend who was with me to make sure I got it up and running. It took him a while to get it hooked up which he said is not a good thing. So we finally get this piece of junk hooked up to my Dell desktop and tried to print various documents etc..and the paper kept getting jammed in there for some reason. The few things we got printed were very poor quality. Considering it only does one function which is print(not scan, fax etc...)the price is way to high.Skip and buy and All In one printer! Pass on this clunker!
I'd love to review this printer, but I can't get it connected via wireless or by USB. We've had problems with our wireless connecting to our wireless at home, so we tried it at our office too, but it was a no-go. So then we tried it via a USB connection and that was a disaster. We've reviewed several printers for Amazon Vine so I don't think we did anything wrong in the set-up. Looking at other reviews, I don't want to risk downloading software from the website since they said they got a virus out of it. My advice would be to stay away from this model. There has to be an easier and safer way to get black and white prints. Steer Clear
I thought this printer would be excellent addition to my home office- I'm in grad school and so was drawn to the ability to scan, copy, fax and laser print all in one, and wirelessly to boot!  The scanning and copying work OK, and it connects to my wireless network seamlessly.Sadly though, this printer doesn't work with my Mac.  I thought I was simply missing the drivers since the product description never mentions this limitation, but when I emailed Ricoh customer service, I received the following reply: &#34;This model does not support Post Script Print Language that Apple requires. There are no drivers available for the Mac OS. Thank you for choosing Ricoh. &#34;I am truly disappointed- I would never have ordered this heavy, bulky printer if I had known it would not work with my Mac.  The product description really needs to be updated to mention this limitation. looks like it could be great, but not Mac compatible so I can't test that out...
I really liked this printer until it came time to replace the ink cartridges.When I need to buy a printer I look at the prices of the cartridges, and the ones for this printer were very cheap.  However, I soon discovered that the greedy dirt bags at Epson have gone to VERY great lengths to make sure you can't use the inexpensive after-market cartridges and can only use their way overpriced genuine Epson ones.  I found on Amazon a pack of aftermarket ones that cost $14 for 4 black and two each of the other colors, but the printer won't &#34;recognize&#34; these even though it has the same cartridge number.  So instead of getting 10 aftermarket cartridges you can buy one genuine Epson cartridge for the same price.  Talk about gouging!I wish I had known this before I bought it.  Maybe other brands are like this also, but I will never will get anything with the Epson name again. Have to buy only Epson ink cartridges
I bought this one as quick as I could I needed it right away .. Never read the reviews and got the item here's what's wrong with this horrible printer:1. Says it connects to wifi after hours of trying and reading directions and calling support and online support this printer would NOT connect to my wifi2. After following the instructions to a T I then went to print a test page and I could hear the wheels turning and the ribbon moving and the ink cartridges moving but it spit out a blank paper once again call Epson support they had me take the thing apart and redo exactly what I did the first time still no luck3. After spending hours on support I just got off my butt went to walmart and spent $2 more for an HP printer and had absolutely no problems.. Getting ready to make a claim soon very disappointed only plus side was that the scanner worked but hey it might copy but u can't print those copies!! Terrible
If you only need to print one or two times, then by all means grab this cheapy printer. If not, and your printer needs are more, then please by a quality product. I was iffy anyway, considering the price before purchasing this. But having some good history in th  past with the Epson brand, I asked myself &#34;how can i go wrong?&#34; Right? I mean this is Epson afterall.Epson should be ashamed of itself. This thing is cheaply mass produced with cheap parts. It makes too much noise, is persistant with nozzle clogs and errors and sucks ink up like crazy. Let it sit unused for a few days, and youbwill be required the use the headcleaning function before use. That will eat all your ink, and then it will tell you you need to do it again.The wifi is crap. It takes so long to print wirelessly. And no it is not my connection. I have other printers that print on wifi almost instantly.I guess you get what you pay for. Disposeable! One time use only
I wanted to use this whiteboard on our refrigerator, but it failed beyond the conceptual level.  The magnets supplied are not strong enough to hold the board in place.  Further, the design requires that you consume the permanent mount tabs to affix the magnets to the board.  Thus, it is not possible to have a fallback plan of mounting it to the wall.  I do not recommend this product at all. Pure Junk
Made from super cheap materials.  It is a very basic white board.  It comes with four adhesive mounting pads, and four flat magnets you then stick to the pads.  But the magnets I received weren&#8217;t even strong enough to keep the board attached to a basic steel cabinet. So now I need more adhesive mounts to make the white board useful at all.  Also the board comes with two smaller magnets you attach notes and a small dry erase marker.  Normally I wouldn&#8217;t speak so bad about such a product, but this just screams cheap.  I would avoid it and look for another brand.  If you however have a question about the item, feel free to leave a question below and I will try to answer it. Cheap Quality
Totally not impressed by this product.  In an effort to make installation easy (3M stickily foam pads instead of actually attaching to the wall) the frame is made of gray plastic instead of metal.  So the product is super light, but also super cheap looking.  Also, not helped by the fact that it was damaged during shipment and has a crease down the white board side.  The corners are angled and I'm not sure if this is on purpose or a manufacturing flaw but again, it adds to the cheap look and feel.  SKIP!! Cheaply made!
It is only 7 1/2" long, not 8 1/2" and not 9"!  What?  Twenty-seven people reviewed this before me and no one else noticed?  Really?!?Magnet is powerful enough to stay put, and I like the width of the pad.  It also has a stretch band at the bottom to keep the pages from flying.  But that is not saying much, is it?  It's an average product that claim that it is longer than it really is. (I notified Amazon of the mistake in length, and they updated the product page to say 9".  Yikes!  You can't win for losing it seems!)There is a LOT of wasted space:  Once I write something down on a "To Do" list, my brain really does not need a header to tell me that it is something "To Do", "To Remember", or "To Buy".  The wide ruled lines also waste space.  The pink binding is extra-long, too.So, out of 7 1/2" in length, only 5 1/4" is usable:  Only 14 lines per page (not counting the last, half-line); 75 pages, plus a cardboard backing.  Hopefully, this will come down in price and give us more value.  You can do the math with the numbers I've given you here.  But at the moment I'm posting this review, this product costs 8.7 cents per page and that is ridiculous.Do yourself a favor and keep looking:  There are plenty other To Do lists out there from which to choose! 7 1/2" long pad has LOTS of wasted space and LITTLE value!
I have a magnetic pencil holder that I picked up at an office supply store. That magnet is STRONG and keeps the pen holder in place even though the holder is made of metal mesh which is much heavier than plastic.The magnet on the ACCO brand pen cup is weak and slides easily even when empty. This is definitely not something I would go out and purchase. Magnet is not very strong
This is a very low-quality item.  It is cheaply made, the magnet was crooked on the back of the cup, and it is not a very strong magnet.  If there are more than two pens in the cup, it slides.  And it is useless for sticking paper to the magnetic surface.I would not buy one of these. Cheap, cheesy, and will not hold more than a couple of pens.
This erases well and my daughter is happy with it in her playroom, but it's cheaply made. We have had it for only a few weeks and the cheap plastic frame has broken and the part that holds the marker busted. The cork is extremely thin. The magnets are very cute, though. poor quality
First off, I love the magnets. They're great. But my love for this product ends there. It could not be made any more cheaply. The cork strips off with hardly any use from tacks and the green frame doesn't even aline properly from one side to another. I am far from impressed with this board and wouldn't look toward ACCO again for dry erase boards. Cheap
I had an awesome mail pouch that we collected receipts in. I tore it and was looking for a new one. I needed a pouch because we get receipts of all sizes.I am not even sure why this is being called a pouch. The sides are completely open. It is more like a rigid file folder. The magnet was fine until I put a couple things in it. Now it is slidey. And it is unusable for collecting random bits of paper because they fall out. Not a pouch
All cork boards aren&#8217;t created equal.  This one is definitely not a superior board; in fact, flimsy is the word that best describes it.  You can&#8217;t use it to hang jewelry on because the board can&#8217;t support the weight as the push pins are minimally supported by the thin cork. You can&#8217;t use it to secure multiple pages such as policies for the office. However, you could use it to secure single page memos and such.  The trick is to hang things that aren&#8217;t weighty.  My recommendation is to skip this one for one with better grade of cork and more substantial frame (this one is plastic). Yeah &#8220;you get what you pay for&#8221; but there should be more pride in the production of a product that carries your name. I say shame on the manufacturers of this product. Put a cork in the production of this board
The board feels very cheap--cardboard back and plastic frame but the worst part is that it won't stay on the wall. We use the adhesive strips and it keeps falling off. Very, very unhappy with this product. not happy with this
If you are just looking for a cheap quality binder than this is the binder for you. This binder was a disappointment from the moment I opened the box. When I took it out it was a little dirty- which surprised me since it was new. After further inspection I can definitely say that this binder is definitely NOT something I would recommend for a student who has to carry it in a backpack as it's cheap quality and construction will cause it to deteriorate rapidly. The pockets on the inside wall of each side of the binder will tear within a couple of uses. The open/close mechanism for the rings don't seem very sturdy and nor do the rings seems well attached to the binder itself. Cheap Quality Binder
My teenager was headed off to an Instructor training workshop and he had lots of loose cards, small books, and papers on the table.  It seemed like the perfect opportunity to test this binder.  He is 19 and was out of town for a week, carrying this in his backpack, nothing unusual.The binder's cover fell apart first.  He said it did not get that much use because he only put the title page in the front and some loose things he needed to be able to refer to in the back. The rest of it just seemed to go downhill from there.  All of his pages and booklets were pretty much loose in his backpack when he came to my office to get a new binder.He was very clear that his Mead 5 Star products would have held up to the week. Fell to pieces
Unless I recieved a factory second product to review, this binder is substandard.From the outside, it looks fine, although the spine is somewhat 'sloppy'.On opening, there is a basic 3 ring setting that works well, and double pockets on the front and back inside covers.The plastic is bubbled on both inside covers. Perhaps that is a manufacturing error, some factory in China messed up, right? Wrong. 'Assembled in the USA' embossed on one of the pockets.Hey, mistakes happen.I put a piece of paper in a pocket. Big mistake. I have fingernails but well manicured, not claws. Even so, the plastic covering, not even the pocket itself, dented from my nail.I've used other Wilson Jones products, most are quite good.One issue alone wouldn't make me hate this. All of them together mean you should skip this particular product.. Ultra Duty? It's Ultra Doody!
I am a binder addict. I have them everywhere and use them to organize everything. Usually Wilson Jones is a good brand.When the hinge was formed on this binder either the heat was too hot or it was left too long. So instead of just melting the hinge in, it melted through. So this binder has perforations all down the hinge. Given all the holes, this is not going to last very long.The cover also has a number of bubbles in the vinyl. Not impressive
This binder is flimsy and has a very cheap feel and look to it. I am not impressed at all and do not have hopes of lasting long when it is taken in and out of my child's backpack. cheap
When I removed this from the box, I instantly noticed that the front looked strange. It took me a second to realize the clear plastic on the front was ripped at the seam by about three inches (which is why it was flopping over). I do not know if this happened in transport or when packing, but it does not bode well for the folder overall. If it tears this easily, what will happen when put in a backpack?For us, since we had to dispose of this product (and send another item to the landfill), we have to vote no. Already Ripped ...
Very very expensive cartridges!!! Be carefully, printer is chip and cartridges are very expensive!!! It is better to bug hp. Much better. Never buy again
This does stick well to my fridge but that's all I like about it. All of their writing is in a very light color instead of using bold so you can see it easily. Each category just has room to check the little circle next to the item in general that you need but very little space to write anything else below it and each space is very narrow and the next line below to write another item is very close to the one above so you have to write anything extra very, very small. Also very little space to write what you plan on serving each day that week. I guess it is at least good for a reminder but that's about it. I wouldn't buy this item. Mead Organizher Magnetic Shopping List
This lamp is very modern in look and initially I was impressed by it.  On the base are 5 buttons in a circle to control the amount of light being put out.  The problem is that the light is harsh and unless you dim it to the nth degree, you're going to be blind or have the mother of all headaches.  It is not soft light but hard almost florescent type lighting.Another problem is that the black frame for the lamp attracts all manner of dust particles.  It looks dusty and dirty even though it was just opened.Bottom line, the lamp has good output but the light hurts my eyes. Looks great, lighting is harsh
Boy, did I need a new stapler at my home office. And boy, did I make a wrong selection trying this. Swingline has really lost its touch making staplers. They and Bostitch used to have the market cornered.This is a plain white stapler which has a long pin number enclosed. If you go to the website they tell you, you can enter the pin and obtain a free &#34;skin&#34;--a sticker to apply to the whole stapler.Trouble is, the thing is a piece of junk! Why, oh why? Swingline's other staplers are fairly reliable, yet too often they make real bombs. Avoid this and get a sturdy, reliable model that does not require any playing around like this one does. Ah, make something that WORKS first before you make it weird!
Wow. I was really put through my paces trying to set up WiFi through my Verizon Router, much like everyone has reported. I have a really hard time understanding how such a process to set up a wireless document scanner could ever make it off the early-stages of planning and development. Someone must've have REALLY dropped the ball NOT making this plug-n-play. I'm also betting that particular someone is already fired.** Note directly to Epson -- You need to address this failing with your consumers who either register this device or call in ASAP.In the past, I've used NEAT Scanners, Fujitsu Document Scanners and a few other off-name brands and pretty much across the board -- they've all been a plug and play / easy install.This was anything but. I haven't seen an installation / troubleshooting process since maybe Windows 98 or even ME.1. Installation process not simple nor easy.2. I had to reconfigure my home router.3. I had research the product online for set up and better install instructions -- before using.* I usually have no problems doing research or troubleshooting a product to either make it better or preform smoother, but to make the product operate in a basic mode ... yeah, that's a problem.4. Equally difficult installing the scanner on my Mac Mini. Probably more frustrating.5. Once I got past the wireless scanning desire, the machine did work.6. I wanted to place the scanner near the counter where I come in from outside and empty my pockets, and immediately scan all my receipts from the entire day. No this couldn't be achieved without removing a limb and making a pact with Satan. No thank you.7. When I did scan documents, wired - not wireless, I was able to scan everything with no problem. Thin small receipts from the gas station, business cards, cash register receipts, everything. this process actually worked really good. I didn't experience the problems with the feeder that others did.8. I utilized Evernote as my default save point.9. I would've likely returned this scanner to the store had it been an outright purchase and not a Beta-test.10. It's a shame, because this really is a nice looking scanner that does scan documents well. Like some Sony products however, the hardware is thwarted by the software portion making the thing immediately obsolete and troublesome for the standard consumer.Final thought:Epson needs to completely redesign the software portion of this device and offer customers either an apology, a notice to all registered buyers about a discount, and possibly even a buy back if they cannot deliver a better operating piece of software before years end.Epson has made some great hardware with bundled and branded software in the past. This is far from that standard. What a shame. Like Installing Windows 98. Wow. My eyes are burning.
OVERVIEW:  from the start, it's a time-consuming disappointment.  Wireless setup requires a WPS learning curve if you're unfamiliar (which you must research yourself as it's particular to your router) because it lacks the industry standard SSID/PW in the setup software.  Unless, perhaps, you research exhaustively online.  I refused.  Once you get it set up, it won't scan:  it will crumple your paper into an accordion, or it won't feed the paper at all.  Conclusion:  Do Not Buy This Scanner.BACKGROUND:  I currently own a Fujitsu ScanSnap S1500M (for Mac) which works flawlessly.  However, it is not wireless and doesn't work with my husband's Windows laptop.  Thus, my interest in this product.  I'm reasonably savvy tech-wise - not an IT professional, but I set up and maintain our wireless network with many disparate devices and platforms, 2.4 ghz and 5 dual bands.  For instance.  ;)SETUP:Wireless setup is dependent on WPS.  For those that don't know what that is (like me until this), it's a way for wireless devices to connect with your wireless router without entering your SSID and password - IF your router supports this.Epson says:  to connect the scanner press the WPS button on your router, press the WPS button on your scanner for 3 seconds.  I do this but the scanner won't connect (I'm in the setup software following the prompts).  I tell the software that it did not connect.  It tells me to power down the scanner, wait some seconds, and power on again to retry the process.  Scanner does not connect for a second time, and once I say say "no, not connected" a second time, the software BOOTS ME OUT on purpose.  Not a crash, but a `sayonara friend,' see online documentation. You can't make this stuff up!Here's what you actually need to do to connect wirelessly:1) Refer to your router's documentation from the get-go.  Don't start with the scanner:  start with the device (router) that has the information the scanner needs.2) If your router allows you to disable WPS (mine did by default), you must enable it.  This is done from your router's control panel in a browser (e.g., 192.168.1.1 - your router will tell you the url).  You'll need your router's ID and PW.3) If your router is not broadcasting your SSID for security (like mine), you may need to  temporarily turn the broadcasting back ON (this may be router specific?).4) Once all this is done, your router should tell you how long to hold the WPS button on the device (maybe this is standard?  Mine is 3 minutes, not seconds).By NOT following Epson's instructions, I'm finally successful:  1.5 hours and two sessions later, the scanner is connected.  Note:  there is a blinking white light on scanner that should turn solid blue when connected.  Even once you do what I've described, it may take a Long Time for it to connect.  Just hold the darn button until the light changes colors.SCANNING:  it doesn't scan.The first thing I try to scan is a receipt.  The scanner pulls in the receipt and crumples it into a minute accordion.  I get a misfeed error on screen (ya think?)  I carefully extract the receipt, flatten it, and re-try with it in an upside down orientation (maybe there was an uneven or bent corner?  Maybe a fluke? I'm a glutton for punishment?).  Accordion once again.  The only good news is that you can remove misfed documents with the simple release of a latch.  Conversely, my Fujitsu handles receipts flawlessly - even when they are mixed in with a batch of paper of different sizes and thicknesses.At this point, I've invested almost two hours of my time, and not scanned a single document!Two days later, I begin again.  I make sure the scanner's indicator light says that it's connected.  It does.  I fire up the scanning software.  I try a 4 x 5 doctor's receipt.  I click scan.  NOTHING HAPPENS.  This is utterly ridiculous!CONCLUSIONS:Re. setup:  I stand by my annoyance as a former marketer: never remove the most familiar option (SSID/PW) until it becomes the new standard.  Why create room for frustration and a possible learning curve?Assume no one will understand newer WPS connection method.  BREAK IT DOWN.  I don't care that it's the user's/router's "fault."  How much real estate on a piece of paper - or programming in setup software - does it take to make WPS setup clear?  Don't make me work for answers.If I'd purchased this, I'd have packed it up and returned it.  Someone will likely comment that I cannot pan a product because I didn't understand WPS.  Why not?  A product is a sum of it's parts:  this includes setting it up.  We buy these products to *make our lives easier*.  My time is valuable and if setup is time consuming then a poor review is totally legit.Re. scanning:Receipts must be scannable.  Of course it just needs to actually scan, period.  Do I actually need to point this out to Epson?  The scanning software is clumsy.  Here's a comparison to Fujitsu, which actually - ahem - *makes my life easier:*Fujitsu Steps to Scan:1) open software2) insert paper to be scanned3) press scan button on machine.4) choose output destination (e.g., hard drive, email, etc.)5) receive a perfect scan in a PDF or word processing document.Things you DON'T  have to do w/ a Fujitsu ScanSnap:1) choose settings for the type of document:  these types of scanners are document-centric.  UNLESS you want to scan photos (at which the Fujitsu does NOT excel), you NEVER need to select settings (how dark, how dense, what paper size, what output size, blah, blah blah).  Fujitsu scans your document.  You see the actual document, cropped to it's actual dimensions, in a PDF.  Period.  Now *that's* what I'm talking about!  CAN you adjust settings?  Of course.  Do you have to in order to get a perfect scan?  NO!2)  Specify settings before the scan button on the scanner will operate (see below).Epson Steps to Scan:1) open software2) select scanning source (I have an Epson printer: presumably this would not be true if the scanner is your only Epson device) for Every Single Scan (default device option, please!!)3) insert paper to be scanned4) Select from two separate screens-worth of menu options to choose the scan type/quality you want.  Most of us aren't aware of what to choose, nor do we care about the details. Just auto detect, optimize and scan my *$%@ document!5) press scan in the software - start button on scanner does not work UNLESS you "customize it," (pre-select all the myriad scan setting options) after which you finally have one-touch scanning from the machine as you do with a Fujitsu out of the box.6) in my experience, fail to obtain a scan.  (clear paper jam, re-feed, clear paper jam, scratch head...)Things you don't have to do w/ Epson scanner:1)  Nothing.  You have to do everything.2)  buy it.  Seriously.  You have to hold it's hand every step of the way.  For nothing.Had I not experienced this scanner for myself, I would not believe that a product could *actually* make it to market in this state.  I mean, there's the standard bad/frustrating these days, and then there's THIS Piece Of...Stuff.IN SUMMATION:  avoid.  Just don't do it.  Save the extra $ to get a Fujitsu or don't buy a scanner at all.  I'm really not kidding.  :(  I actually think donating this would be cruel.  I will recycle it instead. Wait to save the extra $ for a Fujitsu ScanSnap...nothing works on Espon scanner.  Zero stars.
had to read reviews here to find out that if you select borderless you can't select for plain paper .manual doesn't tell Epson won't respond to e-maill .. but the worst of it is it cuts the top and side off of every thing you try to copy !no matter how far you put it away from the edge. not impressedc Epson but the worst of it is it cuts the top and side ...
This printer came in a very large box. The printer is large as the height of the unit is nearly 13.5 inches. It is also clumsy to unpack. There are very many tapes that secure the unit. They seem to be everywhere. Setting it up and connecting was not difficulty. The instruction was clear and the ink cartridges was easy to put in. Setting up the the printer to print from the phone was also easy. We also set it up with a second computer. The second computer set up was stuck at first. We had to start over the second time and then it went through fine.  Printing on regular paper for documents etc was fine. It is relatively slow. Surprising. This may be the slowest printer we have owned in a long time. The problem is this machine is for printing photographs when the expectation for quality is high. When printing there are very thin white lines that run through the page across the short side about 1.5 inches apart. The mines are all through the page. We went on-line to find solutions and we didn't find enough to fix it. Next we found Epson's website to send questions. We got an answer inside of a day. Following instruction we cleaned the nozzles and we aligned the printer. The nozzles were fine but it appears to be alignment. The output test page showed that all was aligned and fine. But the pages continued to show the white lines. Also the color of the photographs were not correct. It is too brown and red. I believe that too can be set but with the white lines through the page, we have up. It cannot print photographs were lines like that would definitely show. It won't matter as much printing a typed page as the lines are thin and you won't notice them so much. Can't get rid of thin white lines running through the page.
I really liked this printer until it came time to replace the ink cartridges.When I need to buy a printer I look at the prices of the cartridges, and the ones for this printer were very cheap. However, I soon discovered that the greedy dirt bags at Epson have gone to VERY great lengths to make sure you can't use the inexpensive after-market cartridges and can only use their way overpriced genuine Epson ones. I really liked this printer until it came time to replace the ...
Buyer beware!*The ink seems less expensive, but that is because the cartridges are half the size of most printer cartridges.*After owning this printer for two months-and having regular printing needs-I replaced the ink with Epson cartridges only to discover the nozzles were clogged. Following the trouble shooting guides, and Epson's own support (who sent me the same troubleshooting guides from the manual, so thanks Epson for wasting my time as well as my money) literally used ALL of the ink I just purchased to refill the printer. I had to run the &#34;clean nozzle&#34; function four times to clear the clog-and there went all my ink. Buyer beware! *The ink seems less expensive, but ...
Hello,Firstly, if any of the inks are low it will not print in black only. Here I am needing to print my r&eacute;sum&eacute;, and because cyano is low I cannot print anything. So the people at Epson have made it so you are not allowed to print unless you replace all low ink cartridges...sneaky. Tr&egrave;s sneaky. Secondly, it goes through an ink cartridge every 30 pages. It pays to buy another printer that costs more money. Wifi does work...whoopdeedoo. Hello, Firstly, if any of the inks are ...
This is a fairly big and heavy Epson unit which combines an inkjet printer, FAX and scanner. Fortunately it's wireless so you can tuck it in a corner or in another room from computer. I work out of my home office. I found it easy to set up on my Mac network, and the wireless started up with no trouble. The black and white printing is speedy and sharp, and the scanning works well. I did not try the FAX because I rarely use FAX anymore. The instructions and ease of set up have been improved since last time I installed an Epson product. It even prints both sides of the page. As for color photos, Epson really has perfected that and the output is lovely.However, Epson is trying to convince you that inkjet is the best choice the home office, better than laser. Assuming what you do is mainly black and white printing of text documents, and only occasional color, that's just not so. Epson has worked hard on this model but they can't change the basic nature of the beast. If one leaves an inkjet printer sit for a week or so unused, the inkjet nozzles can clog or dry out. For this reason the printer is programmed to use some ink for "maintenance," ie as a solvent to clear the nozzles when you start it up. According to Consumer Reports, this model uses more ink for this purpose than most others. Also, the advertised page capacity of the ink carts is misleading because it is measured by continuous nonstop use, certainly not how I print in a typical week, and takes no account of the "maintenance" dose, which will deplete the color even if you NEVER print color. Then there is the matter of ink cartridge refills. Epson and the others practically give away the printers to capture your refill business, like giving away the first few shots of heroin in the schoolyard. Ink is highly profitable for Epson and works out to about $8,000 per gallon! The Amazon price for this unit is $170 but to replace all the cartridges costs from $56 minimum to $125 if you go for the larger capacity. This is like buying a great little car for only $15,000 - but then discovering it costs $5,000 to refill the tank, and you're only allowed to buy fuel from the manufacturer...If that's not enough, Epson along with other inkjet makers were caught about 10 years back programming their printers to shut off prematurely when the carts were still &#8531; full, and forcing you to buy all new cartridges if even one of the colors was "low." HP actually had to pay millions to settle lawsuits over this scam. Pretty cheesy. And then Epson sued the makers of third party cartridges, so you and I would be forced to buy from the mother ship only. So don't be surprised if you see this unit light up with a "cartridge exhausted" messsage and refuse to continue at some point, waiting patiently with its arms crossed while you scoot down to Staples to buy more ink, whether you really need it or not. Finally, suppose you want to print black text only, can you do that with the color cartridges just not installed, or exhausted? No, you cannot. The Epson tech support FAQ's state clearly that filled color cartridges must be in place, EVEN to print only black and white. The $8,000 / gal color ink is used as a solvent to keep the black one running. Gotcha. Checkmate. My one star rating reflects all these factors.Over a few days use I found this unit worked pretty smoothly as advertised, and produced quick, lovely output. However, that's for a few days. Over months or years, this is about as wise as accepting those heroin samples. The only small business which would be advised to get something like this would be one that prints photos every day, such as a real estate agent. If your work is mostly text, stay away from inkjet, any inkjet. For day to day work with documents, you will be better off with a small b/w laser which also scans, such as one of the Brother units. These are about the same price with lower consumable cost and higher reliability, and none of the trickery on the refills. Ideal for home office? For the first week maybe ..
